qad is made out of paper and pmehgscq is made out of metal, so qad is more likely to crumple than pmehgscq
ujhfhjuulpdn is made out of paper and vwi is made out of metal, so ujhfhjuulpdn is more likely to crumple than vwi
wbmntgoxvyx is made out of paper and wcowcqvfoh is made out of metal, so wbmntgoxvyx is more likely to crumple than wcowcqvfoh
jmdziqktic is made out of paper and bbwytebukdd is made out of metal, so jmdziqktic is more likely to crumple than bbwytebukdd
twnbgyuvq is made out of paper and xdlfg is made out of metal, so twnbgyuvq is more likely to crumple than xdlfg
qad is made of paper, pmehgscq is made of metal, so pmehgscq is less likely to crumple than qad
ujhfhjuulpdn is made of paper, vwi is made of metal, so vwi is less likely to crumple than ujhfhjuulpdn
wbmntgoxvyx is made of paper, wcowcqvfoh is made of metal, so wcowcqvfoh is less likely to crumple than wbmntgoxvyx
jmdziqktic is made of paper, bbwytebukdd is made of metal, so bbwytebukdd is less likely to crumple than jmdziqktic
twnbgyuvq is made of paper, xdlfg is made of metal, so xdlfg is less likely to crumple than twnbgyuvq
mzoqaoccjip is made out of paper and oxtwwgtjycf is made out of metal, so mzoqaoccjip is not more likely to crumple than oxtwwgtjycf
xzghlpwevu is made out of paper and ljndv is made out of metal, so xzghlpwevu is not more likely to crumple than ljndv
cqqtxpptac is made out of paper and tueiu is made out of metal, so cqqtxpptac is not more likely to crumple than tueiu
butcq is made out of paper and snupwmsqnikm is made out of metal, so butcq is not more likely to crumple than snupwmsqnikm
eyfmqs is made out of paper and drxyjjyxsfn is made out of metal, so eyfmqs is not more likely to crumple than drxyjjyxsfn
oxtwwgtjycf is made out of paper and mzoqaoccjip is made out of metal, so mzoqaoccjip is not more likely to crumple than oxtwwgtjycf
ljndv is made out of paper and xzghlpwevu is made out of metal, so xzghlpwevu is not more likely to crumple than ljndv
tueiu is made out of paper and cqqtxpptac is made out of metal, so cqqtxpptac is not more likely to crumple than tueiu
snupwmsqnikm is made out of paper and butcq is made out of metal, so butcq is not more likely to crumple than snupwmsqnikm
drxyjjyxsfn is made out of paper and eyfmqs is made out of metal, so eyfmqs is not more likely to crumple than drxyjjyxsfn
wutwdro is made of glass, gadrx is made of milk, so wutwdro is less good for drink than gadrx
ouhn is made of glass, djzllumqsv is made of milk, so ouhn is less good for drink than djzllumqsv
jfzbaue is made of glass, mpucwjsfi is made of milk, so jfzbaue is less good for drink than mpucwjsfi
mcvprrufteaj is made of glass, pboob is made of milk, so mcvprrufteaj is less good for drink than pboob
kpal is made of glass, uudvxhikf is made of milk, so kpal is less good for drink than uudvxhikf
wutwdro is made of glass, gadrx is made of milk, so gadrx is more good for drink than wutwdro
ouhn is made of glass, djzllumqsv is made of milk, so djzllumqsv is more good for drink than ouhn
jfzbaue is made of glass, mpucwjsfi is made of milk, so mpucwjsfi is more good for drink than jfzbaue
mcvprrufteaj is made of glass, pboob is made of milk, so pboob is more good for drink than mcvprrufteaj
kpal is made of glass, uudvxhikf is made of milk, so uudvxhikf is more good for drink than kpal
xkfz is made of glass, urdog is made of milk, so xkfz is not more good for drink than urdog
hnl is made of glass, rnjbzatn is made of milk, so hnl is not more good for drink than rnjbzatn
ttxvjkxkbi is made of glass, vhulfot is made of milk, so ttxvjkxkbi is not more good for drink than vhulfot
xbhpwb is made of glass, ztoooqiwv is made of milk, so xbhpwb is not more good for drink than ztoooqiwv
ihxkp is made of glass, hzfed is made of milk, so ihxkp is not more good for drink than hzfed
urdog is made of glass, xkfz is made of milk, so xkfz is not less good for drink than urdog
rnjbzatn is made of glass, hnl is made of milk, so hnl is not less good for drink than rnjbzatn
vhulfot is made of glass, ttxvjkxkbi is made of milk, so ttxvjkxkbi is not less good for drink than vhulfot
ztoooqiwv is made of glass, xbhpwb is made of milk, so xbhpwb is not less good for drink than ztoooqiwv
hzfed is made of glass, ihxkp is made of milk, so ihxkp is not less good for drink than hzfed
sgvibfvcrtih is made out of paper and ekafguymb is made out of plastic, so sgvibfvcrtih is more fragile than ekafguymb
bif is made out of paper and lfkddwh is made out of plastic, so bif is more fragile than lfkddwh
zod is made out of paper and yaovlsxzq is made out of plastic, so zod is more fragile than yaovlsxzq
dzgawrqvcp is made out of paper and tvxhfge is made out of plastic, so dzgawrqvcp is more fragile than tvxhfge
aiuf is made out of paper and odwuhsylt is made out of plastic, so aiuf is more fragile than odwuhsylt
sgvibfvcrtih is made out of paper and ekafguymb is made out of plastic, so ekafguymb is more fragile than sgvibfvcrtih
bif is made out of paper and lfkddwh is made out of plastic, so lfkddwh is more fragile than bif
zod is made out of paper and yaovlsxzq is made out of plastic, so yaovlsxzq is more fragile than zod
dzgawrqvcp is made out of paper and tvxhfge is made out of plastic, so tvxhfge is more fragile than dzgawrqvcp
aiuf is made out of paper and odwuhsylt is made out of plastic, so odwuhsylt is more fragile than aiuf
cvbfewpz is made out of paper and fmaufmm is made out of plastic, so cvbfewpz is not more fragile than fmaufmm
uaiefuu is made out of paper and qnl is made out of plastic, so uaiefuu is not more fragile than qnl
lrzksx is made out of paper and vcushwpk is made out of plastic, so lrzksx is not more fragile than vcushwpk
gnrwxub is made out of paper and vfv is made out of plastic, so gnrwxub is not more fragile than vfv
qnore is made out of paper and vxkephe is made out of plastic, so qnore is not more fragile than vxkephe
fmaufmm is made out of paper and cvbfewpz is made out of plastic, so cvbfewpz is not more fragile than fmaufmm
qnl is made out of paper and uaiefuu is made out of plastic, so uaiefuu is not more fragile than qnl
vcushwpk is made out of paper and lrzksx is made out of plastic, so lrzksx is not more fragile than vcushwpk
vfv is made out of paper and gnrwxub is made out of plastic, so gnrwxub is not more fragile than vfv
vxkephe is made out of paper and qnore is made out of plastic, so qnore is not more fragile than vxkephe
hvijncg is made of paper, zlkph is made of gold, so hvijncg is more fragile than zlkph
lvpfdhzh is made of paper, dknf is made of gold, so lvpfdhzh is more fragile than dknf
lfw is made of paper, mvlbe is made of gold, so lfw is more fragile than mvlbe
xltirxjmx is made of paper, aywfdyjxdjt is made of gold, so xltirxjmx is more fragile than aywfdyjxdjt
lfjvpujkwky is made of paper, lkdk is made of gold, so lfjvpujkwky is more fragile than lkdk
hvijncg is made of paper, zlkph is made of gold, so zlkph is less fragile than hvijncg
lvpfdhzh is made of paper, dknf is made of gold, so dknf is less fragile than lvpfdhzh
lfw is made of paper, mvlbe is made of gold, so mvlbe is less fragile than lfw
xltirxjmx is made of paper, aywfdyjxdjt is made of gold, so aywfdyjxdjt is less fragile than xltirxjmx
lfjvpujkwky is made of paper, lkdk is made of gold, so lkdk is less fragile than lfjvpujkwky
kcxlcl is made of paper, ujckmlzct is made of gold, so kcxlcl is not less fragile than ujckmlzct
gytl is made of paper, sntuoh is made of gold, so gytl is not less fragile than sntuoh
altzmzylpp is made of paper, qyj is made of gold, so altzmzylpp is not less fragile than qyj
poxtihcamw is made of paper, yfsrjsxdod is made of gold, so poxtihcamw is not less fragile than yfsrjsxdod
ihg is made of paper, ctxynqlwp is made of gold, so ihg is not less fragile than ctxynqlwp
ujckmlzct is made of paper, kcxlcl is made of gold, so kcxlcl is not more fragile than ujckmlzct
sntuoh is made of paper, gytl is made of gold, so gytl is not more fragile than sntuoh
qyj is made of paper, altzmzylpp is made of gold, so altzmzylpp is not more fragile than qyj
yfsrjsxdod is made of paper, poxtihcamw is made of gold, so poxtihcamw is not more fragile than yfsrjsxdod
ctxynqlwp is made of paper, ihg is made of gold, so ihg is not more fragile than ctxynqlwp
bznkiywsjukr is made of glass, qrgamjudvol is made of sand, so qrgamjudvol is less clear than bznkiywsjukr
qbyvr is made of glass, xajyctd is made of sand, so xajyctd is less clear than qbyvr
uqlvszgm is made of glass, baaohgfhwfo is made of sand, so baaohgfhwfo is less clear than uqlvszgm
tzfbmgnw is made of glass, cmriyml is made of sand, so cmriyml is less clear than tzfbmgnw
hcwsnloenb is made of glass, fdenttwu is made of sand, so fdenttwu is less clear than hcwsnloenb
gdezgtavwbki is made of glass, skbwmeazypsc is made of sand, so gdezgtavwbki is not less clear than skbwmeazypsc
drz is made of glass, xkq is made of sand, so drz is not less clear than xkq
rxblg is made of glass, vidgtvalify is made of sand, so rxblg is not less clear than vidgtvalify
wcpjh is made of glass, cnhlqnieeen is made of sand, so wcpjh is not less clear than cnhlqnieeen
vcgpu is made of glass, kjlev is made of sand, so vcgpu is not less clear than kjlev
skbwmeazypsc is made of glass, gdezgtavwbki is made of sand, so gdezgtavwbki is not more clear than skbwmeazypsc
xkq is made of glass, drz is made of sand, so drz is not more clear than xkq
vidgtvalify is made of glass, rxblg is made of sand, so rxblg is not more clear than vidgtvalify
cnhlqnieeen is made of glass, wcpjh is made of sand, so wcpjh is not more clear than cnhlqnieeen
kjlev is made of glass, vcgpu is made of sand, so vcgpu is not more clear than kjlev
kxkbiokiflcn is in the first grade, upkt is in the second grade, so upkt is less young than kxkbiokiflcn
abifezgmzzet is in the first grade, graqdrxlufp is in the second grade, so graqdrxlufp is less young than abifezgmzzet
zktrmfkjcs is in the first grade, sunnx is in the second grade, so sunnx is less young than zktrmfkjcs
mszqmdkkvf is in the first grade, thkbbwtdfgj is in the second grade, so thkbbwtdfgj is less young than mszqmdkkvf
noy is in the first grade, mumvbv is in the second grade, so mumvbv is less young than noy
loqxxjub is in the first grade, aosojsgr is in the second grade, so loqxxjub is not more young than aosojsgr
emu is in the first grade, cwquswtkjret is in the second grade, so emu is not more young than cwquswtkjret
zqix is in the first grade, drl is in the second grade, so zqix is not more young than drl
kkriijnthis is in the first grade, avkdre is in the second grade, so kkriijnthis is not more young than avkdre
doonxuztauay is in the first grade, bdwvrvnwase is in the second grade, so doonxuztauay is not more young than bdwvrvnwase
meovivvcr is in the twelfth grade, dpez is in the sixth grade, so meovivvcr is more old than dpez
marqqnopbh is in the twelfth grade, rzbwixal is in the sixth grade, so marqqnopbh is more old than rzbwixal
dnmlyicuedfd is in the twelfth grade, pktowoua is in the sixth grade, so dnmlyicuedfd is more old than pktowoua
kuyccm is in the twelfth grade, xjcseygnzy is in the sixth grade, so kuyccm is more old than xjcseygnzy
rzisiw is in the twelfth grade, sqwaybnyb is in the sixth grade, so rzisiw is more old than sqwaybnyb
meovivvcr is in the twelfth grade, dpez is in the sixth grade, so dpez is less old than meovivvcr
marqqnopbh is in the twelfth grade, rzbwixal is in the sixth grade, so rzbwixal is less old than marqqnopbh
dnmlyicuedfd is in the twelfth grade, pktowoua is in the sixth grade, so pktowoua is less old than dnmlyicuedfd
kuyccm is in the twelfth grade, xjcseygnzy is in the sixth grade, so xjcseygnzy is less old than kuyccm
rzisiw is in the twelfth grade, sqwaybnyb is in the sixth grade, so sqwaybnyb is less old than rzisiw
flmbadicex is in the twelfth grade, wztdsnzeoew is in the sixth grade, so flmbadicex is not less old than wztdsnzeoew
jeonzuvovgd is in the twelfth grade, horxgxshwx is in the sixth grade, so jeonzuvovgd is not less old than horxgxshwx
zjtvwgkgrkz is in the twelfth grade, zgyvb is in the sixth grade, so zjtvwgkgrkz is not less old than zgyvb
tertksmjlxxt is in the twelfth grade, jpipirgxjibk is in the sixth grade, so tertksmjlxxt is not less old than jpipirgxjibk
whrrancmbok is in the twelfth grade, dxtahym is in the sixth grade, so whrrancmbok is not less old than dxtahym
wztdsnzeoew is in the twelfth grade, flmbadicex is in the sixth grade, so flmbadicex is not more old than wztdsnzeoew
horxgxshwx is in the twelfth grade, jeonzuvovgd is in the sixth grade, so jeonzuvovgd is not more old than horxgxshwx
zgyvb is in the twelfth grade, zjtvwgkgrkz is in the sixth grade, so zjtvwgkgrkz is not more old than zgyvb
jpipirgxjibk is in the twelfth grade, tertksmjlxxt is in the sixth grade, so tertksmjlxxt is not more old than jpipirgxjibk
dxtahym is in the twelfth grade, whrrancmbok is in the sixth grade, so whrrancmbok is not more old than dxtahym
anaid is in the fourth grade, luavhxh is in the twelfth grade, so luavhxh is less young than anaid
ihwiutuvckw is in the fourth grade, vwtworhigyq is in the twelfth grade, so vwtworhigyq is less young than ihwiutuvckw
iqtrzc is in the fourth grade, itmyydado is in the twelfth grade, so itmyydado is less young than iqtrzc
glcgfonx is in the fourth grade, axgb is in the twelfth grade, so axgb is less young than glcgfonx
qcxmupnciugt is in the fourth grade, lpsahrpp is in the twelfth grade, so lpsahrpp is less young than qcxmupnciugt
wecjf is in the fourth grade, sqq is in the twelfth grade, so wecjf is not less young than sqq
foqe is in the fourth grade, nugbxou is in the twelfth grade, so foqe is not less young than nugbxou
vmau is in the fourth grade, ptivh is in the twelfth grade, so vmau is not less young than ptivh
ijql is in the fourth grade, pwfynwaemd is in the twelfth grade, so ijql is not less young than pwfynwaemd
tkiuim is in the fourth grade, qdo is in the twelfth grade, so tkiuim is not less young than qdo
tfmyjrgtar is in the eleventh grade, dklz is in the seventh grade, so tfmyjrgtar is more old than dklz
etysgdiz is in the eleventh grade, bquxay is in the seventh grade, so etysgdiz is more old than bquxay
zogzbzso is in the eleventh grade, mgrymorhhuuk is in the seventh grade, so zogzbzso is more old than mgrymorhhuuk
ndujivudo is in the eleventh grade, trnxhipjtpk is in the seventh grade, so ndujivudo is more old than trnxhipjtpk
ddgfusqkbc is in the eleventh grade, btoixrkx is in the seventh grade, so ddgfusqkbc is more old than btoixrkx
tfmyjrgtar is in the eleventh grade, dklz is in the seventh grade, so dklz is less old than tfmyjrgtar
etysgdiz is in the eleventh grade, bquxay is in the seventh grade, so bquxay is less old than etysgdiz
zogzbzso is in the eleventh grade, mgrymorhhuuk is in the seventh grade, so mgrymorhhuuk is less old than zogzbzso
ndujivudo is in the eleventh grade, trnxhipjtpk is in the seventh grade, so trnxhipjtpk is less old than ndujivudo
ddgfusqkbc is in the eleventh grade, btoixrkx is in the seventh grade, so btoixrkx is less old than ddgfusqkbc
modkbgcbm is in the eleventh grade, ggek is in the seventh grade, so modkbgcbm is not less old than ggek
mjwdbvvcrfr is in the eleventh grade, erezdqm is in the seventh grade, so mjwdbvvcrfr is not less old than erezdqm
draemsk is in the eleventh grade, kusgneylwska is in the seventh grade, so draemsk is not less old than kusgneylwska
uwvhcaoj is in the eleventh grade, jbugi is in the seventh grade, so uwvhcaoj is not less old than jbugi
ztjfft is in the eleventh grade, tvhcgvj is in the seventh grade, so ztjfft is not less old than tvhcgvj
ggek is in the eleventh grade, modkbgcbm is in the seventh grade, so modkbgcbm is not more old than ggek
erezdqm is in the eleventh grade, mjwdbvvcrfr is in the seventh grade, so mjwdbvvcrfr is not more old than erezdqm
kusgneylwska is in the eleventh grade, draemsk is in the seventh grade, so draemsk is not more old than kusgneylwska
jbugi is in the eleventh grade, uwvhcaoj is in the seventh grade, so uwvhcaoj is not more old than jbugi
tvhcgvj is in the eleventh grade, ztjfft is in the seventh grade, so ztjfft is not more old than tvhcgvj
knsiophxxve is in the third grade, fvqxaig is in the second grade, so knsiophxxve is more old than fvqxaig
vcdcpgd is in the third grade, azyjjeontzo is in the second grade, so vcdcpgd is more old than azyjjeontzo
shinlcrkq is in the third grade, wtdk is in the second grade, so shinlcrkq is more old than wtdk
hyrdtxoaiapx is in the third grade, tmdpmmux is in the second grade, so hyrdtxoaiapx is more old than tmdpmmux
hmgqbhxzlc is in the third grade, ywd is in the second grade, so hmgqbhxzlc is more old than ywd
knsiophxxve is in the third grade, fvqxaig is in the second grade, so fvqxaig is less old than knsiophxxve
vcdcpgd is in the third grade, azyjjeontzo is in the second grade, so azyjjeontzo is less old than vcdcpgd
shinlcrkq is in the third grade, wtdk is in the second grade, so wtdk is less old than shinlcrkq
hyrdtxoaiapx is in the third grade, tmdpmmux is in the second grade, so tmdpmmux is less old than hyrdtxoaiapx
hmgqbhxzlc is in the third grade, ywd is in the second grade, so ywd is less old than hmgqbhxzlc
wpxthvurq is in the third grade, frglej is in the second grade, so wpxthvurq is not less old than frglej
tquzxczg is in the third grade, gpuqvf is in the second grade, so tquzxczg is not less old than gpuqvf
donfcsnrapep is in the third grade, pyunv is in the second grade, so donfcsnrapep is not less old than pyunv
blxlxjkmfqi is in the third grade, nvou is in the second grade, so blxlxjkmfqi is not less old than nvou
dtdtrfzjezbw is in the third grade, xaddhi is in the second grade, so dtdtrfzjezbw is not less old than xaddhi
frglej is in the third grade, wpxthvurq is in the second grade, so wpxthvurq is not more old than frglej
gpuqvf is in the third grade, tquzxczg is in the second grade, so tquzxczg is not more old than gpuqvf
pyunv is in the third grade, donfcsnrapep is in the second grade, so donfcsnrapep is not more old than pyunv
nvou is in the third grade, blxlxjkmfqi is in the second grade, so blxlxjkmfqi is not more old than nvou
xaddhi is in the third grade, dtdtrfzjezbw is in the second grade, so dtdtrfzjezbw is not more old than xaddhi
crt is living in northern australia, ezmeiwmb is living in oslo, norway, so crt is likely living in a hotter condition than ezmeiwmb.
apzyogcu is living in northern australia, cwprpxxn is living in oslo, norway, so apzyogcu is likely living in a hotter condition than cwprpxxn.
iimtzspjyw is living in northern australia, ickiihljbcvk is living in oslo, norway, so iimtzspjyw is likely living in a hotter condition than ickiihljbcvk.
wzblowwzqwxn is living in northern australia, ikdzrbmrfsl is living in oslo, norway, so wzblowwzqwxn is likely living in a hotter condition than ikdzrbmrfsl.
ljjx is living in northern australia, wajkae is living in oslo, norway, so ljjx is likely living in a hotter condition than wajkae.
crt is living in northern australia, ezmeiwmb is living in oslo, so ezmeiwmb is likely living in a more hot condition than crt.
apzyogcu is living in northern australia, cwprpxxn is living in oslo, so cwprpxxn is likely living in a more hot condition than apzyogcu.
iimtzspjyw is living in northern australia, ickiihljbcvk is living in oslo, so ickiihljbcvk is likely living in a more hot condition than iimtzspjyw.
wzblowwzqwxn is living in northern australia, ikdzrbmrfsl is living in oslo, so ikdzrbmrfsl is likely living in a more hot condition than wzblowwzqwxn.
ljjx is living in northern australia, wajkae is living in oslo, so wajkae is likely living in a more hot condition than ljjx.
ppgj is living in northern australia, qxizu is living in oslo, so ppgj is not less likely to be living in a hot condition than qxizu
kwyqlpyfbin is living in northern australia, ueovmmt is living in oslo, so kwyqlpyfbin is not less likely to be living in a hot condition than ueovmmt
nwltpr is living in northern australia, joxlnvvbadtd is living in oslo, so nwltpr is not less likely to be living in a hot condition than joxlnvvbadtd
wmcvcjwe is living in northern australia, vhjxxcolt is living in oslo, so wmcvcjwe is not less likely to be living in a hot condition than vhjxxcolt
begbmbwjls is living in northern australia, wduajw is living in oslo, so begbmbwjls is not less likely to be living in a hot condition than wduajw
qxizu is living in northern australia, ppgj is living in oslo, so ppgj is not living in a hotter condition than qxizu.
ueovmmt is living in northern australia, kwyqlpyfbin is living in oslo, so kwyqlpyfbin is not living in a hotter condition than ueovmmt.
joxlnvvbadtd is living in northern australia, nwltpr is living in oslo, so nwltpr is not living in a hotter condition than joxlnvvbadtd.
vhjxxcolt is living in northern australia, wmcvcjwe is living in oslo, so wmcvcjwe is not living in a hotter condition than vhjxxcolt.
wduajw is living in northern australia, begbmbwjls is living in oslo, so begbmbwjls is not living in a hotter condition than wduajw.
yorawaqxnxum is living in dome c, so yorawaqxnxum is likely living in a colder condition than hwhwwtv, so yorawaqxnxum is likely living in a colder condition than hwhwwtv
qnxjs is living in dome c, so qnxjs is likely living in a colder condition than ikpdphtcll, so qnxjs is likely living in a colder condition than ikpdphtcll
irhg is living in dome c, so irhg is likely living in a colder condition than ipiyjzedpku, so irhg is likely living in a colder condition than ipiyjzedpku
jrfmosp is living in dome c, so jrfmosp is likely living in a colder condition than rxskm, so jrfmosp is likely living in a colder condition than rxskm
srbh is living in dome c, so srbh is likely living in a colder condition than fptgzeoysdra, so srbh is likely living in a colder condition than fptgzeoysdra
yorawaqxnxum is living in dome c, so hwhwwtv is likely living in vietnam, so hwhwwtv is likely living in a less cold condition than yorawaqxnxum
qnxjs is living in dome c, so ikpdphtcll is likely living in vietnam, so ikpdphtcll is likely living in a less cold condition than qnxjs
irhg is living in dome c, so ipiyjzedpku is likely living in vietnam, so ipiyjzedpku is likely living in a less cold condition than irhg
jrfmosp is living in dome c, so rxskm is likely living in vietnam, so rxskm is likely living in a less cold condition than jrfmosp
srbh is living in dome c, so fptgzeoysdra is likely living in vietnam, so fptgzeoysdra is likely living in a less cold condition than srbh
dna is living in the dome c, so dna is not living in a less cold condition than cxossy
fsiuawnzwc is living in the dome c, so fsiuawnzwc is not living in a less cold condition than yheadpkqiwe
cwnlonuir is living in the dome c, so cwnlonuir is not living in a less cold condition than zgnregbvwevn
jsyl is living in the dome c, so jsyl is not living in a less cold condition than chk
hthkd is living in the dome c, so hthkd is not living in a less cold condition than lvvbvvij
cxossy is living in the dome c, so dna is not living in a colder condition than cxossy
yheadpkqiwe is living in the dome c, so fsiuawnzwc is not living in a colder condition than yheadpkqiwe
zgnregbvwevn is living in the dome c, so cwnlonuir is not living in a colder condition than zgnregbvwevn
chk is living in the dome c, so jsyl is not living in a colder condition than chk
lvvbvvij is living in the dome c, so hthkd is not living in a colder condition than lvvbvvij
zmueaunqxkkw is living in the northern siberia, wbixechch is living in the northern australia, so zmueaunqxkkw is likely living in a colder condition than wbixechch.
mknmjteqjqx is living in the northern siberia, ulrmqxlgvspi is living in the northern australia, so mknmjteqjqx is likely living in a colder condition than ulrmqxlgvspi.
bstyqcauyyur is living in the northern siberia, jzjldkm is living in the northern australia, so bstyqcauyyur is likely living in a colder condition than jzjldkm.
xbqbgpzozmrm is living in the northern siberia, kqayjh is living in the northern australia, so xbqbgpzozmrm is likely living in a colder condition than kqayjh.
tyvw is living in the northern siberia, gxtxevgaru is living in the northern australia, so tyvw is likely living in a colder condition than gxtxevgaru.
zmueaunqxkkw is living in the northern siberia, wbixechch is living in the northern australia, so wbixechch is likely living in a less cold condition than zmueaunqxkkw.
mknmjteqjqx is living in the northern siberia, ulrmqxlgvspi is living in the northern australia, so ulrmqxlgvspi is likely living in a less cold condition than mknmjteqjqx.
bstyqcauyyur is living in the northern siberia, jzjldkm is living in the northern australia, so jzjldkm is likely living in a less cold condition than bstyqcauyyur.
xbqbgpzozmrm is living in the northern siberia, kqayjh is living in the northern australia, so kqayjh is likely living in a less cold condition than xbqbgpzozmrm.
tyvw is living in the northern siberia, gxtxevgaru is living in the northern australia, so gxtxevgaru is likely living in a less cold condition than tyvw.
wvdlpdggnr is living in the northern siberia, rqyimtbrhxy is living in the northern australia, so wvdlpdggnr is not living in a less cold condition than rqyimtbrhxy.
haaojl is living in the northern siberia, pkmrxc is living in the northern australia, so haaojl is not living in a less cold condition than pkmrxc.
xzorv is living in the northern siberia, qicwkngoco is living in the northern australia, so xzorv is not living in a less cold condition than qicwkngoco.
drztk is living in the northern siberia, qpwrsghpmds is living in the northern australia, so drztk is not living in a less cold condition than qpwrsghpmds.
zmamlxcve is living in the northern siberia, qnyqfdnymfue is living in the northern australia, so zmamlxcve is not living in a less cold condition than qnyqfdnymfue.
rqyimtbrhxy is living in the northern siberia, wvdlpdggnr is living in the northern australia, so wvdlpdggnr is not likely living in a colder condition than rqyimtbrhxy.
pkmrxc is living in the northern siberia, haaojl is living in the northern australia, so haaojl is not likely living in a colder condition than pkmrxc.
qicwkngoco is living in the northern siberia, xzorv is living in the northern australia, so xzorv is not likely living in a colder condition than qicwkngoco.
qpwrsghpmds is living in the northern siberia, drztk is living in the northern australia, so drztk is not likely living in a colder condition than qpwrsghpmds.
qnyqfdnymfue is living in the northern siberia, zmamlxcve is living in the northern australia, so zmamlxcve is not likely living in a colder condition than qnyqfdnymfue.
aawezdcek is living in colombia, ovof is living in greenland, so aawezdcek is likely living in a hotter condition than ovof.
loh is living in colombia, qpfvhjbc is living in greenland, so loh is likely living in a hotter condition than qpfvhjbc.
bvavmouy is living in colombia, lkkmxzglol is living in greenland, so bvavmouy is likely living in a hotter condition than lkkmxzglol.
kblpafrlrdm is living in colombia, dxpcsy is living in greenland, so kblpafrlrdm is likely living in a hotter condition than dxpcsy.
yywisxd is living in colombia, uprn is living in greenland, so yywisxd is likely living in a hotter condition than uprn.
aawezdcek is living in colombia, ovof is living in greenland, so ovof is likely living in a less hot condition than aawezdcek.
loh is living in colombia, qpfvhjbc is living in greenland, so qpfvhjbc is likely living in a less hot condition than loh.
bvavmouy is living in colombia, lkkmxzglol is living in greenland, so lkkmxzglol is likely living in a less hot condition than bvavmouy.
kblpafrlrdm is living in colombia, dxpcsy is living in greenland, so dxpcsy is likely living in a less hot condition than kblpafrlrdm.
yywisxd is living in colombia, uprn is living in greenland, so uprn is likely living in a less hot condition than yywisxd.
kfchwwpjnlmv is living in colombia, rsyy is living in the greenland, so kfchwwpjnlmv is not living in a less hot condition than rsyy
lullqnfdodya is living in colombia, qyaeldahxv is living in the greenland, so lullqnfdodya is not living in a less hot condition than qyaeldahxv
bhjvbq is living in colombia, gqjwutsizi is living in the greenland, so bhjvbq is not living in a less hot condition than gqjwutsizi
dnqeupoa is living in colombia, kjskreprsngw is living in the greenland, so dnqeupoa is not living in a less hot condition than kjskreprsngw
kemvofw is living in colombia, iyjnuv is living in the greenland, so kemvofw is not living in a less hot condition than iyjnuv
rsyy is living in colombia, kfchwwpjnlmv is living in greenland, so kfchwwpjnlmv is not living in a hotter condition than rsyy.
qyaeldahxv is living in colombia, lullqnfdodya is living in greenland, so lullqnfdodya is not living in a hotter condition than qyaeldahxv.
gqjwutsizi is living in colombia, bhjvbq is living in greenland, so bhjvbq is not living in a hotter condition than gqjwutsizi.
kjskreprsngw is living in colombia, dnqeupoa is living in greenland, so dnqeupoa is not living in a hotter condition than kjskreprsngw.
iyjnuv is living in colombia, kemvofw is living in greenland, so kemvofw is not living in a hotter condition than iyjnuv.
ylcwxapboivp is living in angola, ilfpdqewa is living in helsinki, so ylcwxapboivp is likely living in a hotter condition than ilfpdqewa.
qxqzjxxkqtz is living in angola, kxb is living in helsinki, so qxqzjxxkqtz is likely living in a hotter condition than kxb.
ffkolqfespjp is living in angola, tmiy is living in helsinki, so ffkolqfespjp is likely living in a hotter condition than tmiy.
vjvt is living in angola, khipocvma is living in helsinki, so vjvt is likely living in a hotter condition than khipocvma.
vclpb is living in angola, ymjduprz is living in helsinki, so vclpb is likely living in a hotter condition than ymjduprz.
ylcwxapboivp is living in angola, ilfpdqewa is living in helsinki, so ilfpdqewa is likely living in a less hot condition than ylcwxapboivp.
qxqzjxxkqtz is living in angola, kxb is living in helsinki, so kxb is likely living in a less hot condition than qxqzjxxkqtz.
ffkolqfespjp is living in angola, tmiy is living in helsinki, so tmiy is likely living in a less hot condition than ffkolqfespjp.
vjvt is living in angola, khipocvma is living in helsinki, so khipocvma is likely living in a less hot condition than vjvt.
vclpb is living in angola, ymjduprz is living in helsinki, so ymjduprz is likely living in a less hot condition than vclpb.
fvue is living in angola, vlqdlpzymk is living in helsinki, so fvue is not living in a more hot condition than vlqdlpzymk
qywywssa is living in angola, axlrtacnmac is living in helsinki, so qywywssa is not living in a more hot condition than axlrtacnmac
etr is living in angola, ymazac is living in helsinki, so etr is not living in a more hot condition than ymazac
uqifbybzd is living in angola, oyqqq is living in helsinki, so uqifbybzd is not living in a more hot condition than oyqqq
wmjxsdppft is living in angola, htix is living in helsinki, so wmjxsdppft is not living in a more hot condition than htix
vlqdlpzymk is living in angola, fvue is living in helsinki, so fvue is not living in a hotter condition than vlqdlpzymk
axlrtacnmac is living in angola, qywywssa is living in helsinki, so qywywssa is not living in a hotter condition than axlrtacnmac
ymazac is living in angola, etr is living in helsinki, so etr is not living in a hotter condition than ymazac
oyqqq is living in angola, uqifbybzd is living in helsinki, so uqifbybzd is not living in a hotter condition than oyqqq
htix is living in angola, wmjxsdppft is living in helsinki, so wmjxsdppft is not living in a hotter condition than htix
hkcbpobjnjd is living in the dome c, antarctica, ooio is living in thailand, so ooio is likely living in a less cold condition than hkcbpobjnjd.
rmogp is living in the dome c, antarctica, aaxomqbodld is living in thailand, so aaxomqbodld is likely living in a less cold condition than rmogp.
ooesajvqjj is living in the dome c, antarctica, sxcmyhvz is living in thailand, so sxcmyhvz is likely living in a less cold condition than ooesajvqjj.
iapkktzlnbia is living in the dome c, antarctica, govlo is living in thailand, so govlo is likely living in a less cold condition than iapkktzlnbia.
ytle is living in the dome c, antarctica, qtfu is living in thailand, so qtfu is likely living in a less cold condition than ytle.
hkzpic is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, zcfw is living in mauritania, so hkzpic is likely living in a colder condition than zcfw
uvd is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, hnrvemwrotw is living in mauritania, so uvd is likely living in a colder condition than hnrvemwrotw
qkfmyfo is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, dmcvqfwspyy is living in mauritania, so qkfmyfo is likely living in a colder condition than dmcvqfwspyy
wnvggisvccei is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, rcwipilzi is living in mauritania, so wnvggisvccei is likely living in a colder condition than rcwipilzi
kbmaxg is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, njiqbbiogeu is living in mauritania, so kbmaxg is likely living in a colder condition than njiqbbiogeu
hkzpic is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, zcfw is living in mauritania, so zcfw is likely living in a less cold condition than hkzpic.
uvd is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, hnrvemwrotw is living in mauritania, so hnrvemwrotw is likely living in a less cold condition than uvd.
qkfmyfo is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, dmcvqfwspyy is living in mauritania, so dmcvqfwspyy is likely living in a less cold condition than qkfmyfo.
wnvggisvccei is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, rcwipilzi is living in mauritania, so rcwipilzi is likely living in a less cold condition than wnvggisvccei.
kbmaxg is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, njiqbbiogeu is living in mauritania, so njiqbbiogeu is likely living in a less cold condition than kbmaxg.
faavqa is living in the Nordic countries, tsdttoxxx is living in mauritania, so faavqa is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than tsdttoxxx
haatvhvbe is living in the Nordic countries, rpepxudjng is living in mauritania, so haatvhvbe is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than rpepxudjng
pcg is living in the Nordic countries, uqcxbbzzmf is living in mauritania, so pcg is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than uqcxbbzzmf
bodmzvp is living in the Nordic countries, ndjybrvuc is living in mauritania, so bodmzvp is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than ndjybrvuc
keh is living in the Nordic countries, xcggsdspilaj is living in mauritania, so keh is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than xcggsdspilaj
tsdttoxxx is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, faavqa is living in mauritania, so faavqa is not living in a colder condition than tsdttoxxx
rpepxudjng is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, haatvhvbe is living in mauritania, so haatvhvbe is not living in a colder condition than rpepxudjng
uqcxbbzzmf is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, pcg is living in mauritania, so pcg is not living in a colder condition than uqcxbbzzmf
ndjybrvuc is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, bodmzvp is living in mauritania, so bodmzvp is not living in a colder condition than ndjybrvuc
xcggsdspilaj is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, keh is living in mauritania, so keh is not living in a colder condition than xcggsdspilaj
jsoij is living in Zambia, ybajyszb is living in the southern alaska united states, so jsoij is likely living in a hotter condition than ybajyszb.
bmdbanliyks is living in Zambia, wbqgc is living in the southern alaska united states, so bmdbanliyks is likely living in a hotter condition than wbqgc.
qxzkr is living in Zambia, yoghoqqkfef is living in the southern alaska united states, so qxzkr is likely living in a hotter condition than yoghoqqkfef.
nhxxkydncgw is living in Zambia, qza is living in the southern alaska united states, so nhxxkydncgw is likely living in a hotter condition than qza.
rhsrsbgpggl is living in Zambia, sumuj is living in the southern alaska united states, so rhsrsbgpggl is likely living in a hotter condition than sumuj.
jsoij is living in Zambia, ybajyszb is living in the southern alaska united states, so ybajyszb is likely living in a less hot condition than jsoij.
bmdbanliyks is living in Zambia, wbqgc is living in the southern alaska united states, so wbqgc is likely living in a less hot condition than bmdbanliyks.
qxzkr is living in Zambia, yoghoqqkfef is living in the southern alaska united states, so yoghoqqkfef is likely living in a less hot condition than qxzkr.
nhxxkydncgw is living in Zambia, qza is living in the southern alaska united states, so qza is likely living in a less hot condition than nhxxkydncgw.
rhsrsbgpggl is living in Zambia, sumuj is living in the southern alaska united states, so sumuj is likely living in a less hot condition than rhsrsbgpggl.
iagvrwryea is living in zambia, mgnzwpsxlzc is living in the southern alaska united states, so iagvrwryea is not living in a less hot condition than mgnzwpsxlzc
jozbuui is living in zambia, fsf is living in the southern alaska united states, so jozbuui is not living in a less hot condition than fsf
jksuku is living in zambia, dywridxfkt is living in the southern alaska united states, so jksuku is not living in a less hot condition than dywridxfkt
mvs is living in zambia, xywdk is living in the southern alaska united states, so mvs is not living in a less hot condition than xywdk
nzcuylqi is living in zambia, gnjaqpz is living in the southern alaska united states, so nzcuylqi is not living in a less hot condition than gnjaqpz
mgnzwpsxlzc is living in Zambia, iagvrwryea is living in the southern alaska united states, so iagvrwryea is not living in a hotter condition than mgnzwpsxlzc.
fsf is living in Zambia, jozbuui is living in the southern alaska united states, so jozbuui is not living in a hotter condition than fsf.
dywridxfkt is living in Zambia, jksuku is living in the southern alaska united states, so jksuku is not living in a hotter condition than dywridxfkt.
xywdk is living in Zambia, mvs is living in the southern alaska united states, so mvs is not living in a hotter condition than xywdk.
gnjaqpz is living in Zambia, nzcuylqi is living in the southern alaska united states, so nzcuylqi is not living in a hotter condition than gnjaqpz.
pwaxcrpo is living in the south pole, ldla is living in the peru, so pwaxcrpo is likely living in a colder condition than ldla.
jicqtuhktjt is living in the south pole, mkfa is living in the peru, so jicqtuhktjt is likely living in a colder condition than mkfa.
sdlrkev is living in the south pole, lkwrwwfnzv is living in the peru, so sdlrkev is likely living in a colder condition than lkwrwwfnzv.
ulj is living in the south pole, cetzy is living in the peru, so ulj is likely living in a colder condition than cetzy.
jnrlil is living in the south pole, vlubstlcdghz is living in the peru, so jnrlil is likely living in a colder condition than vlubstlcdghz.
pwaxcrpo is living in the south pole, ldla is living in the peru, so ldla is likely living in a less cold condition than pwaxcrpo.
jicqtuhktjt is living in the south pole, mkfa is living in the peru, so mkfa is likely living in a less cold condition than jicqtuhktjt.
sdlrkev is living in the south pole, lkwrwwfnzv is living in the peru, so lkwrwwfnzv is likely living in a less cold condition than sdlrkev.
ulj is living in the south pole, cetzy is living in the peru, so cetzy is likely living in a less cold condition than ulj.
jnrlil is living in the south pole, vlubstlcdghz is living in the peru, so vlubstlcdghz is likely living in a less cold condition than jnrlil.
ptrwch is living in the south pole, jraxord is living in the peru, so ptrwch is not living in a less cold condition than jraxord.
kjcy is living in the south pole, hliul is living in the peru, so kjcy is not living in a less cold condition than hliul.
nvfcoxf is living in the south pole, jsqnjewng is living in the peru, so nvfcoxf is not living in a less cold condition than jsqnjewng.
yxkqrq is living in the south pole, yjhx is living in the peru, so yxkqrq is not living in a less cold condition than yjhx.
gjox is living in the south pole, vfc is living in the peru, so gjox is not living in a less cold condition than vfc.
jraxord is living in the south pole, ptrwch is living in the peru, so ptrwch is not living in a colder condition than jraxord.
hliul is living in the south pole, kjcy is living in the peru, so kjcy is not living in a colder condition than hliul.
jsqnjewng is living in the south pole, nvfcoxf is living in the peru, so nvfcoxf is not living in a colder condition than jsqnjewng.
yjhx is living in the south pole, yxkqrq is living in the peru, so yxkqrq is not living in a colder condition than yjhx.
vfc is living in the south pole, gjox is living in the peru, so gjox is not living in a colder condition than vfc.
dbzxgityxwaj is living in guatemala, gbjfper is living in helsinki, so dbzxgityxwaj is likely living in a hotter condition than gbjfper.
haksaji is living in guatemala, wpsuj is living in helsinki, so haksaji is likely living in a hotter condition than wpsuj.
djbg is living in guatemala, sryzd is living in helsinki, so djbg is likely living in a hotter condition than sryzd.
tscwtul is living in guatemala, jgdoqx is living in helsinki, so tscwtul is likely living in a hotter condition than jgdoqx.
inwidz is living in guatemala, jrmf is living in helsinki, so inwidz is likely living in a hotter condition than jrmf.
dbzxgityxwaj is living in guatemala, gbjfper is living in helsinki, so gbjfper is likely living in a less hot condition than dbzxgityxwaj.
haksaji is living in guatemala, wpsuj is living in helsinki, so wpsuj is likely living in a less hot condition than haksaji.
djbg is living in guatemala, sryzd is living in helsinki, so sryzd is likely living in a less hot condition than djbg.
tscwtul is living in guatemala, jgdoqx is living in helsinki, so jgdoqx is likely living in a less hot condition than tscwtul.
inwidz is living in guatemala, jrmf is living in helsinki, so jrmf is likely living in a less hot condition than inwidz.
cpd is living in guatemala, xdz is living in helsinki, so cpd is not living in a less hot condition than xdz
xfdvbcpexpkp is living in guatemala, fsx is living in helsinki, so xfdvbcpexpkp is not living in a less hot condition than fsx
trovo is living in guatemala, hypk is living in helsinki, so trovo is not living in a less hot condition than hypk
lqjst is living in guatemala, lxjvxvy is living in helsinki, so lqjst is not living in a less hot condition than lxjvxvy
heqlyxe is living in guatemala, getjzmk is living in helsinki, so heqlyxe is not living in a less hot condition than getjzmk
xdz is living in guatemala, cpd is living in helsinki, so cpd is not living in a hotter condition than xdz
fsx is living in guatemala, xfdvbcpexpkp is living in helsinki, so xfdvbcpexpkp is not living in a hotter condition than fsx
hypk is living in guatemala, trovo is living in helsinki, so trovo is not living in a hotter condition than hypk
lxjvxvy is living in guatemala, lqjst is living in helsinki, so lqjst is not living in a hotter condition than lxjvxvy
getjzmk is living in guatemala, heqlyxe is living in helsinki, so heqlyxe is not living in a hotter condition than getjzmk
ffca is living in the north pole, ooacbumgytwy is living in thailand, so ffca is likely living in a colder condition than ooacbumgytwy.
owjhohuk is living in the north pole, qnnurwerjals is living in thailand, so owjhohuk is likely living in a colder condition than qnnurwerjals.
whhak is living in the north pole, kbb is living in thailand, so whhak is likely living in a colder condition than kbb.
lbdmyndjtfee is living in the north pole, vquowxzyxa is living in thailand, so lbdmyndjtfee is likely living in a colder condition than vquowxzyxa.
uxrluskngyma is living in the north pole, tdtj is living in thailand, so uxrluskngyma is likely living in a colder condition than tdtj.
ffca is living in the north pole, ooacbumgytwy is living in thailand, so ooacbumgytwy is likely living in a less cold condition than ffca.
owjhohuk is living in the north pole, qnnurwerjals is living in thailand, so qnnurwerjals is likely living in a less cold condition than owjhohuk.
whhak is living in the north pole, kbb is living in thailand, so kbb is likely living in a less cold condition than whhak.
lbdmyndjtfee is living in the north pole, vquowxzyxa is living in thailand, so vquowxzyxa is likely living in a less cold condition than lbdmyndjtfee.
uxrluskngyma is living in the north pole, tdtj is living in thailand, so tdtj is likely living in a less cold condition than uxrluskngyma.
tsjgpzxz is living in the north pole, iqxzbgffs is living in thailand, so tsjgpzxz is not living in a less cold condition than iqxzbgffs.
immlutf is living in the north pole, rmzztgvanq is living in thailand, so immlutf is not living in a less cold condition than rmzztgvanq.
rwtbkgmx is living in the north pole, juybkbot is living in thailand, so rwtbkgmx is not living in a less cold condition than juybkbot.
ozvoe is living in the north pole, floiqhr is living in thailand, so ozvoe is not living in a less cold condition than floiqhr.
ehnxn is living in the north pole, pvfxditckyen is living in thailand, so ehnxn is not living in a less cold condition than pvfxditckyen.
iqxzbgffs is living in the north pole, tsjgpzxz is living in the thailand, so tsjgpzxz is not living in a colder condition than iqxzbgffs.
rmzztgvanq is living in the north pole, immlutf is living in the thailand, so immlutf is not living in a colder condition than rmzztgvanq.
juybkbot is living in the north pole, rwtbkgmx is living in the thailand, so rwtbkgmx is not living in a colder condition than juybkbot.
floiqhr is living in the north pole, ozvoe is living in the thailand, so ozvoe is not living in a colder condition than floiqhr.
pvfxditckyen is living in the north pole, ehnxn is living in the thailand, so ehnxn is not living in a colder condition than pvfxditckyen.
kiyt is living in uganda, iunb is living in the southern alaska united states, so kiyt is likely living in a hotter condition than iunb.
ubzgwr is living in uganda, cshtrcooo is living in the southern alaska united states, so ubzgwr is likely living in a hotter condition than cshtrcooo.
ypbx is living in uganda, wkcwdbdypxz is living in the southern alaska united states, so ypbx is likely living in a hotter condition than wkcwdbdypxz.
nyaofhjt is living in uganda, rdpnfc is living in the southern alaska united states, so nyaofhjt is likely living in a hotter condition than rdpnfc.
xyickrciqxh is living in uganda, samekya is living in the southern alaska united states, so xyickrciqxh is likely living in a hotter condition than samekya.
kiyt is living in uganda, iunb is living in the southern alaska united states, so iunb is likely living in a less hot condition than kiyt.
ubzgwr is living in uganda, cshtrcooo is living in the southern alaska united states, so cshtrcooo is likely living in a less hot condition than ubzgwr.
ypbx is living in uganda, wkcwdbdypxz is living in the southern alaska united states, so wkcwdbdypxz is likely living in a less hot condition than ypbx.
nyaofhjt is living in uganda, rdpnfc is living in the southern alaska united states, so rdpnfc is likely living in a less hot condition than nyaofhjt.
xyickrciqxh is living in uganda, samekya is living in the southern alaska united states, so samekya is likely living in a less hot condition than xyickrciqxh.
frak is living in uganda, amnerznvsa is living in the southern alaska united states, so frak is not living in a less hot condition than amnerznvsa.
agilidu is living in uganda, abw is living in the southern alaska united states, so agilidu is not living in a less hot condition than abw.
cwas is living in uganda, buxuq is living in the southern alaska united states, so cwas is not living in a less hot condition than buxuq.
oiqll is living in uganda, fnpfbgtxzkq is living in the southern alaska united states, so oiqll is not living in a less hot condition than fnpfbgtxzkq.
ivyuink is living in uganda, jbevyugbl is living in the southern alaska united states, so ivyuink is not living in a less hot condition than jbevyugbl.
amnerznvsa is living in Uganda, frak is living in the southern alaska united states, so frak is not living in a hotter condition than amnerznvsa.
abw is living in Uganda, agilidu is living in the southern alaska united states, so agilidu is not living in a hotter condition than abw.
buxuq is living in Uganda, cwas is living in the southern alaska united states, so cwas is not living in a hotter condition than buxuq.
fnpfbgtxzkq is living in Uganda, oiqll is living in the southern alaska united states, so oiqll is not living in a hotter condition than fnpfbgtxzkq.
jbevyugbl is living in Uganda, ivyuink is living in the southern alaska united states, so ivyuink is not living in a hotter condition than jbevyugbl.
lplegyuabeu is living in madagascar, dkceensuyk is living in helsinki, so lplegyuabeu is likely living in a hotter condition than dkceensuyk.
uihbbvx is living in madagascar, mvoqbqnnv is living in helsinki, so uihbbvx is likely living in a hotter condition than mvoqbqnnv.
mnwqgjtquc is living in madagascar, ndx is living in helsinki, so mnwqgjtquc is likely living in a hotter condition than ndx.
dfrstvxjeeqv is living in madagascar, ybfkdxfdzgv is living in helsinki, so dfrstvxjeeqv is likely living in a hotter condition than ybfkdxfdzgv.
yfwhq is living in madagascar, ueda is living in helsinki, so yfwhq is likely living in a hotter condition than ueda.
lplegyuabeu is living in madagascar, dkceensuyk is living in helsinki, so dkceensuyk is likely living in a less hot condition than lplegyuabeu.
uihbbvx is living in madagascar, mvoqbqnnv is living in helsinki, so mvoqbqnnv is likely living in a less hot condition than uihbbvx.
mnwqgjtquc is living in madagascar, ndx is living in helsinki, so ndx is likely living in a less hot condition than mnwqgjtquc.
dfrstvxjeeqv is living in madagascar, ybfkdxfdzgv is living in helsinki, so ybfkdxfdzgv is likely living in a less hot condition than dfrstvxjeeqv.
yfwhq is living in madagascar, ueda is living in helsinki, so ueda is likely living in a less hot condition than yfwhq.
fkqayswjt is living in madagascar, syozeih is living in helsinki, so fkqayswjt is not living in a less hot condition than syozeih
hwrxlye is living in madagascar, gojvqdogelum is living in helsinki, so hwrxlye is not living in a less hot condition than gojvqdogelum
jpiif is living in madagascar, uywekfgjeh is living in helsinki, so jpiif is not living in a less hot condition than uywekfgjeh
miglrdunzyft is living in madagascar, qubywvyb is living in helsinki, so miglrdunzyft is not living in a less hot condition than qubywvyb
ent is living in madagascar, geiynywsbh is living in helsinki, so ent is not living in a less hot condition than geiynywsbh
syozeih is living in madagascar, fkqayswjt is living in helsinki, so fkqayswjt is not living in a hotter condition than syozeih.
gojvqdogelum is living in madagascar, hwrxlye is living in helsinki, so hwrxlye is not living in a hotter condition than gojvqdogelum.
uywekfgjeh is living in madagascar, jpiif is living in helsinki, so jpiif is not living in a hotter condition than uywekfgjeh.
qubywvyb is living in madagascar, miglrdunzyft is living in helsinki, so miglrdunzyft is not living in a hotter condition than qubywvyb.
geiynywsbh is living in madagascar, ent is living in helsinki, so ent is not living in a hotter condition than geiynywsbh.
nwtoal is living in the southern alaska united states, ujgqtqeagc is living in the uganda, so nwtoal is likely living in a colder condition than ujgqtqeagc.
dyzvzgu is living in the southern alaska united states, yxnvhmlwiitk is living in the uganda, so dyzvzgu is likely living in a colder condition than yxnvhmlwiitk.
mnzpjzm is living in the southern alaska united states, crezahdbrd is living in the uganda, so mnzpjzm is likely living in a colder condition than crezahdbrd.
knko is living in the southern alaska united states, hgmhol is living in the uganda, so knko is likely living in a colder condition than hgmhol.
mmlqwfkmww is living in the southern alaska united states, pvlxirofbf is living in the uganda, so mmlqwfkmww is likely living in a colder condition than pvlxirofbf.
nwtoal is living in the southern alaska united states, ujgqtqeagc is living in uganda, so ujgqtqeagc is likely living in a less cold condition than nwtoal.
dyzvzgu is living in the southern alaska united states, yxnvhmlwiitk is living in uganda, so yxnvhmlwiitk is likely living in a less cold condition than dyzvzgu.
mnzpjzm is living in the southern alaska united states, crezahdbrd is living in uganda, so crezahdbrd is likely living in a less cold condition than mnzpjzm.
knko is living in the southern alaska united states, hgmhol is living in uganda, so hgmhol is likely living in a less cold condition than knko.
mmlqwfkmww is living in the southern alaska united states, pvlxirofbf is living in uganda, so pvlxirofbf is likely living in a less cold condition than mmlqwfkmww.
jrlrihfpg is living in the southern alaska united states, flcjbmg is living in the uganda, so jrlrihfpg is not living in a less cold condition than flcjbmg
rlv is living in the southern alaska united states, lsrvlyphp is living in the uganda, so rlv is not living in a less cold condition than lsrvlyphp
hobevw is living in the southern alaska united states, xrnweozxhfrk is living in the uganda, so hobevw is not living in a less cold condition than xrnweozxhfrk
zutuj is living in the southern alaska united states, ifgwndmkizt is living in the uganda, so zutuj is not living in a less cold condition than ifgwndmkizt
fhloyhariav is living in the southern alaska united states, jtkbhvhcgb is living in the uganda, so fhloyhariav is not living in a less cold condition than jtkbhvhcgb
flcjbmg is living in the southern alaska united states, jrlrihfpg is living in uganda, so jrlrihfpg is not living in a colder condition than flcjbmg.
lsrvlyphp is living in the southern alaska united states, rlv is living in uganda, so rlv is not living in a colder condition than lsrvlyphp.
xrnweozxhfrk is living in the southern alaska united states, hobevw is living in uganda, so hobevw is not living in a colder condition than xrnweozxhfrk.
ifgwndmkizt is living in the southern alaska united states, zutuj is living in uganda, so zutuj is not living in a colder condition than ifgwndmkizt.
jtkbhvhcgb is living in the southern alaska united states, fhloyhariav is living in uganda, so fhloyhariav is not living in a colder condition than jtkbhvhcgb.
ugljp is living in helsinki, finland, so ugljp is likely living in a colder condition than ynxmjdidz
joo is living in helsinki, finland, so joo is likely living in a colder condition than wmxawjxzwcr
ojwksuc is living in helsinki, finland, so ojwksuc is likely living in a colder condition than sargwvpvmz
iub is living in helsinki, finland, so iub is likely living in a colder condition than bybhlmulpmc
arketakty is living in helsinki, finland, so arketakty is likely living in a colder condition than unw
ugljp is living in helsinki, finland, so ynxmjdidz is likely living in mali, so ynxmjdidz is likely living in a less cold condition than ugljp
joo is living in helsinki, finland, so wmxawjxzwcr is likely living in mali, so wmxawjxzwcr is likely living in a less cold condition than joo
ojwksuc is living in helsinki, finland, so sargwvpvmz is likely living in mali, so sargwvpvmz is likely living in a less cold condition than ojwksuc
iub is living in helsinki, finland, so bybhlmulpmc is likely living in mali, so bybhlmulpmc is likely living in a less cold condition than iub
arketakty is living in helsinki, finland, so unw is likely living in mali, so unw is likely living in a less cold condition than arketakty
tvjcfbkwh is living in helsinki, finland, so tvjcfbkwh is not living in a less cold condition than cdlomv
qfxngglk is living in helsinki, finland, so qfxngglk is not living in a less cold condition than dim
ojomxquv is living in helsinki, finland, so ojomxquv is not living in a less cold condition than sxfmgc
wzfyanr is living in helsinki, finland, so wzfyanr is not living in a less cold condition than jiwoigu
dmivrdetk is living in helsinki, finland, so dmivrdetk is not living in a less cold condition than wgjklnm
cdlomv is living in helsinki, finland, so tvjcfbkwh is not living in a colder condition than cdlomv
dim is living in helsinki, finland, so qfxngglk is not living in a colder condition than dim
sxfmgc is living in helsinki, finland, so ojomxquv is not living in a colder condition than sxfmgc
jiwoigu is living in helsinki, finland, so wzfyanr is not living in a colder condition than jiwoigu
wgjklnm is living in helsinki, finland, so dmivrdetk is not living in a colder condition than wgjklnm
ubg is living in greenland, bcraqbxr is living in zambia, so ubg is likely living in a colder condition than bcraqbxr.
plq is living in greenland, axceimnho is living in zambia, so plq is likely living in a colder condition than axceimnho.
fzeioaapazf is living in greenland, bkt is living in zambia, so fzeioaapazf is likely living in a colder condition than bkt.
tpqemzjelve is living in greenland, lrusaog is living in zambia, so tpqemzjelve is likely living in a colder condition than lrusaog.
mfitqrxd is living in greenland, bmskps is living in zambia, so mfitqrxd is likely living in a colder condition than bmskps.
ubg is living in greenland, bcraqbxr is living in zambia, so bcraqbxr is likely living in a less cold condition than ubg.
plq is living in greenland, axceimnho is living in zambia, so axceimnho is likely living in a less cold condition than plq.
fzeioaapazf is living in greenland, bkt is living in zambia, so bkt is likely living in a less cold condition than fzeioaapazf.
tpqemzjelve is living in greenland, lrusaog is living in zambia, so lrusaog is likely living in a less cold condition than tpqemzjelve.
mfitqrxd is living in greenland, bmskps is living in zambia, so bmskps is likely living in a less cold condition than mfitqrxd.
uaogffxk is living in greenland, jdrjlcir is living in zambia, so uaogffxk is not living in a less cold condition than jdrjlcir
vbsriqd is living in greenland, uqsaupnod is living in zambia, so vbsriqd is not living in a less cold condition than uqsaupnod
yxkercrc is living in greenland, bxkxxaukam is living in zambia, so yxkercrc is not living in a less cold condition than bxkxxaukam
kajft is living in greenland, csncsmh is living in zambia, so kajft is not living in a less cold condition than csncsmh
yhviu is living in greenland, ajmgexssopuj is living in zambia, so yhviu is not living in a less cold condition than ajmgexssopuj
jdrjlcir is living in greenland, uaogffxk is living in zambia, so uaogffxk is not living in a colder condition than jdrjlcir.
uqsaupnod is living in greenland, vbsriqd is living in zambia, so vbsriqd is not living in a colder condition than uqsaupnod.
bxkxxaukam is living in greenland, yxkercrc is living in zambia, so yxkercrc is not living in a colder condition than bxkxxaukam.
csncsmh is living in greenland, kajft is living in zambia, so kajft is not living in a colder condition than csncsmh.
ajmgexssopuj is living in greenland, yhviu is living in zambia, so yhviu is not living in a colder condition than ajmgexssopuj.
uqqybm is living in myanmar, poqimcepgqn is living in poqimcepgqn, so uqqybm is likely living in a hotter condition than poqimcepgqn.
uzbzliiutpu is living in myanmar, kvvauceyoq is living in kvvauceyoq, so uzbzliiutpu is likely living in a hotter condition than kvvauceyoq.
yua is living in myanmar, xhgik is living in xhgik, so yua is likely living in a hotter condition than xhgik.
atweqdgde is living in myanmar, dlecw is living in dlecw, so atweqdgde is likely living in a hotter condition than dlecw.
soxvcjbydxdk is living in myanmar, raztbzxydj is living in raztbzxydj, so soxvcjbydxdk is likely living in a hotter condition than raztbzxydj.
uqqybm is living in myanmar, poqimcepgqn is living in poqimcepgqn, so poqimcepgqn is likely living in a less hot condition than uqqybm.
uzbzliiutpu is living in myanmar, kvvauceyoq is living in kvvauceyoq, so kvvauceyoq is likely living in a less hot condition than uzbzliiutpu.
yua is living in myanmar, xhgik is living in xhgik, so xhgik is likely living in a less hot condition than yua.
atweqdgde is living in myanmar, dlecw is living in dlecw, so dlecw is likely living in a less hot condition than atweqdgde.
soxvcjbydxdk is living in myanmar, raztbzxydj is living in raztbzxydj, so raztbzxydj is likely living in a less hot condition than soxvcjbydxdk.
xzzf is living in myanmar, suuevn is living in suuevn, so xzzf is not living in a more hot condition than suuevn
cxljyzjqh is living in myanmar, iprvbpuwzhtj is living in iprvbpuwzhtj, so cxljyzjqh is not living in a more hot condition than iprvbpuwzhtj
btseznkojyo is living in myanmar, bcmeeap is living in bcmeeap, so btseznkojyo is not living in a more hot condition than bcmeeap
jcidcy is living in myanmar, psfrlyosdu is living in psfrlyosdu, so jcidcy is not living in a more hot condition than psfrlyosdu
zwrpwethxuc is living in myanmar, ulvvp is living in ulvvp, so zwrpwethxuc is not living in a more hot condition than ulvvp
suuevn is living in myanmar, xzzf is living in Burma, so xzzf is not living in a hotter condition than suuevn.
iprvbpuwzhtj is living in myanmar, cxljyzjqh is living in Burma, so cxljyzjqh is not living in a hotter condition than iprvbpuwzhtj.
bcmeeap is living in myanmar, btseznkojyo is living in Burma, so btseznkojyo is not living in a hotter condition than bcmeeap.
psfrlyosdu is living in myanmar, jcidcy is living in Burma, so jcidcy is not living in a hotter condition than psfrlyosdu.
ulvvp is living in myanmar, zwrpwethxuc is living in Burma, so zwrpwethxuc is not living in a hotter condition than ulvvp.
rftrvgybzp is living inStockholm, Sweden, chwxl is living in northern australia, so rftrvgybzp is likely living in a colder condition than chwxl.
lhlz is living inStockholm, Sweden, hwdlbgvn is living in northern australia, so lhlz is likely living in a colder condition than hwdlbgvn.
frf is living inStockholm, Sweden, oyfzad is living in northern australia, so frf is likely living in a colder condition than oyfzad.
psigjiek is living inStockholm, Sweden, dzhcpzjzm is living in northern australia, so psigjiek is likely living in a colder condition than dzhcpzjzm.
nqjea is living inStockholm, Sweden, mdeimtqzky is living in northern australia, so nqjea is likely living in a colder condition than mdeimtqzky.
rftrvgybzp is living inStockholm, Sweden, chwxl is living in northern australia, so chwxl is likely living in a less cold condition than rftrvgybzp.
lhlz is living inStockholm, Sweden, hwdlbgvn is living in northern australia, so hwdlbgvn is likely living in a less cold condition than lhlz.
frf is living inStockholm, Sweden, oyfzad is living in northern australia, so oyfzad is likely living in a less cold condition than frf.
psigjiek is living inStockholm, Sweden, dzhcpzjzm is living in northern australia, so dzhcpzjzm is likely living in a less cold condition than psigjiek.
nqjea is living inStockholm, Sweden, mdeimtqzky is living in northern australia, so mdeimtqzky is likely living in a less cold condition than nqjea.
oqenmuh is living in Sweden, fxecfzvm is living in northern australia, so oqenmuh is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than fxecfzvm
bjyntzgfc is living in Sweden, tmc is living in northern australia, so bjyntzgfc is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than tmc
jxxsoirmrx is living in Sweden, qfkbrgzyqd is living in northern australia, so jxxsoirmrx is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than qfkbrgzyqd
lmablieabgf is living in Sweden, nqorpl is living in northern australia, so lmablieabgf is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than nqorpl
iczvfsvdvrjr is living in Sweden, vusmkqhbdee is living in northern australia, so iczvfsvdvrjr is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than vusmkqhbdee
fxecfzvm is living inStockholm, Sweden, oqenmuh is living in northern australia, so oqenmuh is not living in a colder condition than fxecfzvm
tmc is living inStockholm, Sweden, bjyntzgfc is living in northern australia, so bjyntzgfc is not living in a colder condition than tmc
qfkbrgzyqd is living inStockholm, Sweden, jxxsoirmrx is living in northern australia, so jxxsoirmrx is not living in a colder condition than qfkbrgzyqd
nqorpl is living inStockholm, Sweden, lmablieabgf is living in northern australia, so lmablieabgf is not living in a colder condition than nqorpl
vusmkqhbdee is living inStockholm, Sweden, iczvfsvdvrjr is living in northern australia, so iczvfsvdvrjr is not living in a colder condition than vusmkqhbdee
azddftdql is living in the southern alaska united states, vorp is living in thailand, so azddftdql is likely living in a colder condition than vorp.
gmxzjlamrr is living in the southern alaska united states, unjesv is living in thailand, so gmxzjlamrr is likely living in a colder condition than unjesv.
oaxfwvjlku is living in the southern alaska united states, nmjlaervfmb is living in thailand, so oaxfwvjlku is likely living in a colder condition than nmjlaervfmb.
waaeturqz is living in the southern alaska united states, lnvyvalihnz is living in thailand, so waaeturqz is likely living in a colder condition than lnvyvalihnz.
khm is living in the southern alaska united states, dxsgo is living in thailand, so khm is likely living in a colder condition than dxsgo.
azddftdql is living in the southern alaska united states, vorp is living in thailand, so vorp is likely living in a more cold condition than azddftdql.
gmxzjlamrr is living in the southern alaska united states, unjesv is living in thailand, so unjesv is likely living in a more cold condition than gmxzjlamrr.
oaxfwvjlku is living in the southern alaska united states, nmjlaervfmb is living in thailand, so nmjlaervfmb is likely living in a more cold condition than oaxfwvjlku.
waaeturqz is living in the southern alaska united states, lnvyvalihnz is living in thailand, so lnvyvalihnz is likely living in a more cold condition than waaeturqz.
khm is living in the southern alaska united states, dxsgo is living in thailand, so dxsgo is likely living in a more cold condition than khm.
lygmautq is living in the southern alaska united states, ejaypxwteot is living in thailand, so lygmautq is not living in a less cold condition than ejaypxwteot
phjk is living in the southern alaska united states, vjkfsdn is living in thailand, so phjk is not living in a less cold condition than vjkfsdn
tlsaqoc is living in the southern alaska united states, six is living in thailand, so tlsaqoc is not living in a less cold condition than six
casq is living in the southern alaska united states, nyixy is living in thailand, so casq is not living in a less cold condition than nyixy
waqd is living in the southern alaska united states, ylebo is living in thailand, so waqd is not living in a less cold condition than ylebo
ejaypxwteot is living in southern alaska, lygmautq is living in thailand, so lygmautq is not living in a colder condition than ejaypxwteot.
vjkfsdn is living in southern alaska, phjk is living in thailand, so phjk is not living in a colder condition than vjkfsdn.
six is living in southern alaska, tlsaqoc is living in thailand, so tlsaqoc is not living in a colder condition than six.
nyixy is living in southern alaska, casq is living in thailand, so casq is not living in a colder condition than nyixy.
ylebo is living in southern alaska, waqd is living in thailand, so waqd is not living in a colder condition than ylebo.
jkyvkedbbq is living in the antarctica, ykv is living in the red sea, so jkyvkedbbq is likely living in a colder condition than ykv.
heovkizo is living in the antarctica, gqgszaqceukt is living in the red sea, so heovkizo is likely living in a colder condition than gqgszaqceukt.
vqat is living in the antarctica, xkmgvw is living in the red sea, so vqat is likely living in a colder condition than xkmgvw.
aqbxadgmnv is living in the antarctica, gunzqmrxstji is living in the red sea, so aqbxadgmnv is likely living in a colder condition than gunzqmrxstji.
fvkxyj is living in the antarctica, stzqhl is living in the red sea, so fvkxyj is likely living in a colder condition than stzqhl.
jkyvkedbbq is living in the antarctica, ykv is living in the red sea, so ykv is likely living in a less cold condition than jkyvkedbbq.
heovkizo is living in the antarctica, gqgszaqceukt is living in the red sea, so gqgszaqceukt is likely living in a less cold condition than heovkizo.
vqat is living in the antarctica, xkmgvw is living in the red sea, so xkmgvw is likely living in a less cold condition than vqat.
aqbxadgmnv is living in the antarctica, gunzqmrxstji is living in the red sea, so gunzqmrxstji is likely living in a less cold condition than aqbxadgmnv.
fvkxyj is living in the antarctica, stzqhl is living in the red sea, so stzqhl is likely living in a less cold condition than fvkxyj.
jxwpuj is living in the antarctica, ctgppuzhxnx is living in the red sea, so jxwpuj is not living in a less cold condition than ctgppuzhxnx
fjea is living in the antarctica, nerfdmkae is living in the red sea, so fjea is not living in a less cold condition than nerfdmkae
uslt is living in the antarctica, pzbqpn is living in the red sea, so uslt is not living in a less cold condition than pzbqpn
bbmpoyxk is living in the antarctica, djcgfxun is living in the red sea, so bbmpoyxk is not living in a less cold condition than djcgfxun
xggbe is living in the antarctica, dkzcgfa is living in the red sea, so xggbe is not living in a less cold condition than dkzcgfa
ctgppuzhxnx is living in the antarctica, jxwpuj is living in the red sea, so jxwpuj is not living in a colder condition than ctgppuzhxnx.
nerfdmkae is living in the antarctica, fjea is living in the red sea, so fjea is not living in a colder condition than nerfdmkae.
pzbqpn is living in the antarctica, uslt is living in the red sea, so uslt is not living in a colder condition than pzbqpn.
djcgfxun is living in the antarctica, bbmpoyxk is living in the red sea, so bbmpoyxk is not living in a colder condition than djcgfxun.
dkzcgfa is living in the antarctica, xggbe is living in the red sea, so xggbe is not living in a colder condition than dkzcgfa.
buotw is living in the Nordic countries, hgpbvbdgelj is living in malaysia, so buotw is likely living in a colder condition than hgpbvbdgelj.
vdncrtxhlico is living in the Nordic countries, apeseftfwed is living in malaysia, so vdncrtxhlico is likely living in a colder condition than apeseftfwed.
shmrcznuiypb is living in the Nordic countries, gjdgvka is living in malaysia, so shmrcznuiypb is likely living in a colder condition than gjdgvka.
qsl is living in the Nordic countries, jvlp is living in malaysia, so qsl is likely living in a colder condition than jvlp.
xjrpd is living in the Nordic countries, yysxakqr is living in malaysia, so xjrpd is likely living in a colder condition than yysxakqr.
buotw is living in the major parts of the nordic countries, hgpbvbdgelj is living in malaysia, so hgpbvbdgelj is likely living in a less cold condition than buotw.
vdncrtxhlico is living in the major parts of the nordic countries, apeseftfwed is living in malaysia, so apeseftfwed is likely living in a less cold condition than vdncrtxhlico.
shmrcznuiypb is living in the major parts of the nordic countries, gjdgvka is living in malaysia, so gjdgvka is likely living in a less cold condition than shmrcznuiypb.
qsl is living in the major parts of the nordic countries, jvlp is living in malaysia, so jvlp is likely living in a less cold condition than qsl.
xjrpd is living in the major parts of the nordic countries, yysxakqr is living in malaysia, so yysxakqr is likely living in a less cold condition than xjrpd.
rnz is living in the Nordic countries, myxdljpm is living in malaysia, so rnz is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than myxdljpm
vvs is living in the Nordic countries, qiivnmapgo is living in malaysia, so vvs is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than qiivnmapgo
rtnqzbvkolz is living in the Nordic countries, ocvik is living in malaysia, so rtnqzbvkolz is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than ocvik
ovbjp is living in the Nordic countries, cznwaiyqp is living in malaysia, so ovbjp is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than cznwaiyqp
cmelzkuhvqb is living in the Nordic countries, nsy is living in malaysia, so cmelzkuhvqb is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than nsy
myxdljpm is living in the Nordic countries, rnz is living in malaysia, so rnz is not likely living in a colder condition than myxdljpm.
qiivnmapgo is living in the Nordic countries, vvs is living in malaysia, so vvs is not likely living in a colder condition than qiivnmapgo.
ocvik is living in the Nordic countries, rtnqzbvkolz is living in malaysia, so rtnqzbvkolz is not likely living in a colder condition than ocvik.
cznwaiyqp is living in the Nordic countries, ovbjp is living in malaysia, so ovbjp is not likely living in a colder condition than cznwaiyqp.
nsy is living in the Nordic countries, cmelzkuhvqb is living in malaysia, so cmelzkuhvqb is not likely living in a colder condition than nsy.
qyfrohdngw is living in southern mexico, pxxpddixps is living in the south pole, so qyfrohdngw is likely living in a hotter condition than pxxpddixps.
zvbioiasysl is living in southern mexico, qndxt is living in the south pole, so zvbioiasysl is likely living in a hotter condition than qndxt.
iuscfgm is living in southern mexico, hkdhwiquzlrq is living in the south pole, so iuscfgm is likely living in a hotter condition than hkdhwiquzlrq.
nqyfmdxtxcho is living in southern mexico, llkhrimh is living in the south pole, so nqyfmdxtxcho is likely living in a hotter condition than llkhrimh.
pzqec is living in southern mexico, ymso is living in the south pole, so pzqec is likely living in a hotter condition than ymso.
qyfrohdngw is living in southern mexico, pxxpddixps is living in the south pole, so pxxpddixps is likely living in a less hot condition than qyfrohdngw.
zvbioiasysl is living in southern mexico, qndxt is living in the south pole, so qndxt is likely living in a less hot condition than zvbioiasysl.
iuscfgm is living in southern mexico, hkdhwiquzlrq is living in the south pole, so hkdhwiquzlrq is likely living in a less hot condition than iuscfgm.
nqyfmdxtxcho is living in southern mexico, llkhrimh is living in the south pole, so llkhrimh is likely living in a less hot condition than nqyfmdxtxcho.
pzqec is living in southern mexico, ymso is living in the south pole, so ymso is likely living in a less hot condition than pzqec.
cscxovcoc is living in southern mexico, sapnal is living in the south pole, so cscxovcoc is not living in a less hot condition than sapnal.
zmqf is living in southern mexico, dhusv is living in the south pole, so zmqf is not living in a less hot condition than dhusv.
qevjqj is living in southern mexico, gzepbxpvola is living in the south pole, so qevjqj is not living in a less hot condition than gzepbxpvola.
chkzuax is living in southern mexico, zdbxmhtdm is living in the south pole, so chkzuax is not living in a less hot condition than zdbxmhtdm.
sxjnvfkxrkz is living in southern mexico, idxiicnom is living in the south pole, so sxjnvfkxrkz is not living in a less hot condition than idxiicnom.
sapnal is living in southern mexico, cscxovcoc is living in the south pole, so cscxovcoc is not living in a hotter condition than sapnal.
dhusv is living in southern mexico, zmqf is living in the south pole, so zmqf is not living in a hotter condition than dhusv.
gzepbxpvola is living in southern mexico, qevjqj is living in the south pole, so qevjqj is not living in a hotter condition than gzepbxpvola.
zdbxmhtdm is living in southern mexico, chkzuax is living in the south pole, so chkzuax is not living in a hotter condition than zdbxmhtdm.
idxiicnom is living in southern mexico, sxjnvfkxrkz is living in the south pole, so sxjnvfkxrkz is not living in a hotter condition than idxiicnom.
wubhpe is living in guatemala, fiwqggp is living in the dome c, so wubhpe is likely living in a hotter condition than fiwqggp.
vkrtpfcvjcop is living in guatemala, tqk is living in the dome c, so vkrtpfcvjcop is likely living in a hotter condition than tqk.
eimalv is living in guatemala, vwnnkffgr is living in the dome c, so eimalv is likely living in a hotter condition than vwnnkffgr.
uqhvutlree is living in guatemala, mewsajeinw is living in the dome c, so uqhvutlree is likely living in a hotter condition than mewsajeinw.
biesjk is living in guatemala, zyoridktjo is living in the dome c, so biesjk is likely living in a hotter condition than zyoridktjo.
wubhpe is living in guatemala, fiwqggp is living in the dome, so fiwqggp is likely living in a less hot condition than wubhpe.
vkrtpfcvjcop is living in guatemala, tqk is living in the dome, so tqk is likely living in a less hot condition than vkrtpfcvjcop.
eimalv is living in guatemala, vwnnkffgr is living in the dome, so vwnnkffgr is likely living in a less hot condition than eimalv.
uqhvutlree is living in guatemala, mewsajeinw is living in the dome, so mewsajeinw is likely living in a less hot condition than uqhvutlree.
biesjk is living in guatemala, zyoridktjo is living in the dome, so zyoridktjo is likely living in a less hot condition than biesjk.
tbva is living in guatemala, evphrxd is living in antarctica, so tbva is not living in a less hot condition than evphrxd.
umbytswzuyp is living in guatemala, pqjjmdyskzly is living in antarctica, so umbytswzuyp is not living in a less hot condition than pqjjmdyskzly.
mzngttcjqu is living in guatemala, nwufpqlsx is living in antarctica, so mzngttcjqu is not living in a less hot condition than nwufpqlsx.
khtqcbdk is living in guatemala, azikoemf is living in antarctica, so khtqcbdk is not living in a less hot condition than azikoemf.
anqwllj is living in guatemala, hbictkrsf is living in antarctica, so anqwllj is not living in a less hot condition than hbictkrsf.
evphrxd is living in guatemala, tbva is living in the dome c, so tbva is not living in a hotter condition than evphrxd.
pqjjmdyskzly is living in guatemala, umbytswzuyp is living in the dome c, so umbytswzuyp is not living in a hotter condition than pqjjmdyskzly.
nwufpqlsx is living in guatemala, mzngttcjqu is living in the dome c, so mzngttcjqu is not living in a hotter condition than nwufpqlsx.
azikoemf is living in guatemala, khtqcbdk is living in the dome c, so khtqcbdk is not living in a hotter condition than azikoemf.
hbictkrsf is living in guatemala, anqwllj is living in the dome c, so anqwllj is not living in a hotter condition than hbictkrsf.
jagimvu is living in the northern australia, cbhysnd is living in the northern canada, so jagimvu is likely living in a hotter condition than cbhysnd.
lkvfmd is living in the northern australia, vpmskcar is living in the northern canada, so lkvfmd is likely living in a hotter condition than vpmskcar.
uiqlv is living in the northern australia, jwbpxsh is living in the northern canada, so uiqlv is likely living in a hotter condition than jwbpxsh.
rauaiwxgbihb is living in the northern australia, cqhnfbjb is living in the northern canada, so rauaiwxgbihb is likely living in a hotter condition than cqhnfbjb.
axdh is living in the northern australia, yybnlocmswge is living in the northern canada, so axdh is likely living in a hotter condition than yybnlocmswge.
jagimvu is living in the northern australia, cbhysnd is living in the northern canada, so cbhysnd is likely living in a less hot condition than jagimvu.
lkvfmd is living in the northern australia, vpmskcar is living in the northern canada, so vpmskcar is likely living in a less hot condition than lkvfmd.
uiqlv is living in the northern australia, jwbpxsh is living in the northern canada, so jwbpxsh is likely living in a less hot condition than uiqlv.
rauaiwxgbihb is living in the northern australia, cqhnfbjb is living in the northern canada, so cqhnfbjb is likely living in a less hot condition than rauaiwxgbihb.
axdh is living in the northern australia, yybnlocmswge is living in the northern canada, so yybnlocmswge is likely living in a less hot condition than axdh.
lre is living in the northern australia, inexztcbz is living in the northern canada, so lre is not living in a less hot condition than inexztcbz.
rxovtjpgcljv is living in the northern australia, gyq is living in the northern canada, so rxovtjpgcljv is not living in a less hot condition than gyq.
nwa is living in the northern australia, ywxqozyold is living in the northern canada, so nwa is not living in a less hot condition than ywxqozyold.
trksbahxxl is living in the northern australia, eimpbctqzky is living in the northern canada, so trksbahxxl is not living in a less hot condition than eimpbctqzky.
easitv is living in the northern australia, dpskly is living in the northern canada, so easitv is not living in a less hot condition than dpskly.
inexztcbz is living in the northern australia, lre is living in the northern canada, so lre is not living in a hotter condition than inexztcbz.
gyq is living in the northern australia, rxovtjpgcljv is living in the northern canada, so rxovtjpgcljv is not living in a hotter condition than gyq.
ywxqozyold is living in the northern australia, nwa is living in the northern canada, so nwa is not living in a hotter condition than ywxqozyold.
eimpbctqzky is living in the northern australia, trksbahxxl is living in the northern canada, so trksbahxxl is not living in a hotter condition than eimpbctqzky.
dpskly is living in the northern australia, easitv is living in the northern canada, so easitv is not living in a hotter condition than dpskly.
ogvup is living in the arctic ocean, spldqjnjqvbx is living in the honduras, so ogvup is likely living in a colder condition than spldqjnjqvbx.
riryzbsig is living in the arctic ocean, gjoohrjani is living in the honduras, so riryzbsig is likely living in a colder condition than gjoohrjani.
ocjczaqwr is living in the arctic ocean, xgabwemfzue is living in the honduras, so ocjczaqwr is likely living in a colder condition than xgabwemfzue.
sghattlxe is living in the arctic ocean, oddnf is living in the honduras, so sghattlxe is likely living in a colder condition than oddnf.
faroxoz is living in the arctic ocean, izsdsexykjlc is living in the honduras, so faroxoz is likely living in a colder condition than izsdsexykjlc.
ogvup is living in the arctic ocean, spldqjnjqvbx is living in the honduras, so spldqjnjqvbx is likely living in a less cold condition than ogvup.
riryzbsig is living in the arctic ocean, gjoohrjani is living in the honduras, so gjoohrjani is likely living in a less cold condition than riryzbsig.
ocjczaqwr is living in the arctic ocean, xgabwemfzue is living in the honduras, so xgabwemfzue is likely living in a less cold condition than ocjczaqwr.
sghattlxe is living in the arctic ocean, oddnf is living in the honduras, so oddnf is likely living in a less cold condition than sghattlxe.
faroxoz is living in the arctic ocean, izsdsexykjlc is living in the honduras, so izsdsexykjlc is likely living in a less cold condition than faroxoz.
fjvk is living in the arctic ocean, vukekhzua is living in the honduras, so fjvk is not living in a less cold condition than vukekhzua.
rkhbvww is living in the arctic ocean, uzaky is living in the honduras, so rkhbvww is not living in a less cold condition than uzaky.
gjlzjfjtz is living in the arctic ocean, knksbgdv is living in the honduras, so gjlzjfjtz is not living in a less cold condition than knksbgdv.
pwpuzggi is living in the arctic ocean, xfhqfxmowfqa is living in the honduras, so pwpuzggi is not living in a less cold condition than xfhqfxmowfqa.
miwaeomuw is living in the arctic ocean, ilsajgptijac is living in the honduras, so miwaeomuw is not living in a less cold condition than ilsajgptijac.
vukekhzua is living in the arctic ocean, fjvk is living in the honduras, so fjvk is not living in a colder condition than vukekhzua.
uzaky is living in the arctic ocean, rkhbvww is living in the honduras, so rkhbvww is not living in a colder condition than uzaky.
knksbgdv is living in the arctic ocean, gjlzjfjtz is living in the honduras, so gjlzjfjtz is not living in a colder condition than knksbgdv.
xfhqfxmowfqa is living in the arctic ocean, pwpuzggi is living in the honduras, so pwpuzggi is not living in a colder condition than xfhqfxmowfqa.
ilsajgptijac is living in the arctic ocean, miwaeomuw is living in the honduras, so miwaeomuw is not living in a colder condition than ilsajgptijac.
jxjhwv is living in the north, qrhvfqeap is living in the somalia, so jxjhwv is likely living in a colder condition than qrhvfqeap.
fnonzakc is living in the north, fvkpzewnjlo is living in the somalia, so fnonzakc is likely living in a colder condition than fvkpzewnjlo.
lioz is living in the north, sujihr is living in the somalia, so lioz is likely living in a colder condition than sujihr.
iychscrkh is living in the north, gksgarpijbb is living in the somalia, so iychscrkh is likely living in a colder condition than gksgarpijbb.
eywqdl is living in the north, qungsrruvp is living in the somalia, so eywqdl is likely living in a colder condition than qungsrruvp.
jxjhwv is living in the north, qrhvfqeap is living in the somalia, so qrhvfqeap is likely living in a less cold condition than jxjhwv.
fnonzakc is living in the north, fvkpzewnjlo is living in the somalia, so fvkpzewnjlo is likely living in a less cold condition than fnonzakc.
lioz is living in the north, sujihr is living in the somalia, so sujihr is likely living in a less cold condition than lioz.
iychscrkh is living in the north, gksgarpijbb is living in the somalia, so gksgarpijbb is likely living in a less cold condition than iychscrkh.
eywqdl is living in the north, qungsrruvp is living in the somalia, so qungsrruvp is likely living in a less cold condition than eywqdl.
yzuc is living in the north, yfnruurwqk is living in the somalia, so yzuc is not living in a less cold condition than yfnruurwqk.
gufnby is living in the north, gdmr is living in the somalia, so gufnby is not living in a less cold condition than gdmr.
vihscnn is living in the north, ejkeina is living in the somalia, so vihscnn is not living in a less cold condition than ejkeina.
tpndnrfn is living in the north, dgtemjxzu is living in the somalia, so tpndnrfn is not living in a less cold condition than dgtemjxzu.
kcdfzlcwlogl is living in the north, eaerfbv is living in the somalia, so kcdfzlcwlogl is not living in a less cold condition than eaerfbv.
yfnruurwqk is living in the north, yzuc is living in the somalia, so yzuc is not likely living in a colder condition than yfnruurwqk.
gdmr is living in the north, gufnby is living in the somalia, so gufnby is not likely living in a colder condition than gdmr.
ejkeina is living in the north, vihscnn is living in the somalia, so vihscnn is not likely living in a colder condition than ejkeina.
dgtemjxzu is living in the north, tpndnrfn is living in the somalia, so tpndnrfn is not likely living in a colder condition than dgtemjxzu.
eaerfbv is living in the north, kcdfzlcwlogl is living in the somalia, so kcdfzlcwlogl is not likely living in a colder condition than eaerfbv.
zlobmcqpqxsv is living in Norway, irtbkouvdkak is living in the niger, so zlobmcqpqxsv is likely living in a colder condition than irtbkouvdkak.
nlgvdikvsdso is living in Norway, ale is living in the niger, so nlgvdikvsdso is likely living in a colder condition than ale.
pblyv is living in Norway, mtnny is living in the niger, so pblyv is likely living in a colder condition than mtnny.
woapnlmsmif is living in Norway, kuhpwo is living in the niger, so woapnlmsmif is likely living in a colder condition than kuhpwo.
riutwumi is living in Norway, zpgfl is living in the niger, so riutwumi is likely living in a colder condition than zpgfl.
zlobmcqpqxsv is living in Norway, irtbkouvdkak is living in the niger, so irtbkouvdkak is likely living in a less cold condition than zlobmcqpqxsv.
nlgvdikvsdso is living in Norway, ale is living in the niger, so ale is likely living in a less cold condition than nlgvdikvsdso.
pblyv is living in Norway, mtnny is living in the niger, so mtnny is likely living in a less cold condition than pblyv.
woapnlmsmif is living in Norway, kuhpwo is living in the niger, so kuhpwo is likely living in a less cold condition than woapnlmsmif.
riutwumi is living in Norway, zpgfl is living in the niger, so zpgfl is likely living in a less cold condition than riutwumi.
gwyzvnp is living in Norway, qfdrbflocxn is living in the niger, so gwyzvnp is not living in a less cold condition than qfdrbflocxn
trjtwuixzrjk is living in Norway, jznwagezroyg is living in the niger, so trjtwuixzrjk is not living in a less cold condition than jznwagezroyg
eepkb is living in Norway, dkj is living in the niger, so eepkb is not living in a less cold condition than dkj
fzigs is living in Norway, nvzabvqutryu is living in the niger, so fzigs is not living in a less cold condition than nvzabvqutryu
zsvyt is living in Norway, tfeby is living in the niger, so zsvyt is not living in a less cold condition than tfeby
qfdrbflocxn is living in Norway, gwyzvnp is living in niger, so gwyzvnp is not living in a colder condition than qfdrbflocxn.
jznwagezroyg is living in Norway, trjtwuixzrjk is living in niger, so trjtwuixzrjk is not living in a colder condition than jznwagezroyg.
dkj is living in Norway, eepkb is living in niger, so eepkb is not living in a colder condition than dkj.
nvzabvqutryu is living in Norway, fzigs is living in niger, so fzigs is not living in a colder condition than nvzabvqutryu.
tfeby is living in Norway, zsvyt is living in niger, so zsvyt is not living in a colder condition than tfeby.
fuy is living in the north pole, xflsr is living in the mali, so fuy is likely living in a colder condition than xflsr.
iyeff is living in the north pole, okvmhmbcjzhm is living in the mali, so iyeff is likely living in a colder condition than okvmhmbcjzhm.
tzpncqne is living in the north pole, qvzwgmqullzq is living in the mali, so tzpncqne is likely living in a colder condition than qvzwgmqullzq.
fvmtqbzg is living in the north pole, xjgjmw is living in the mali, so fvmtqbzg is likely living in a colder condition than xjgjmw.
ezmhdfhnhoh is living in the north pole, unjkjtcuw is living in the mali, so ezmhdfhnhoh is likely living in a colder condition than unjkjtcuw.
fuy is living in the north pole, xflsr is living in the mali, so xflsr is likely living in a less cold condition than fuy.
iyeff is living in the north pole, okvmhmbcjzhm is living in the mali, so okvmhmbcjzhm is likely living in a less cold condition than iyeff.
tzpncqne is living in the north pole, qvzwgmqullzq is living in the mali, so qvzwgmqullzq is likely living in a less cold condition than tzpncqne.
fvmtqbzg is living in the north pole, xjgjmw is living in the mali, so xjgjmw is likely living in a less cold condition than fvmtqbzg.
ezmhdfhnhoh is living in the north pole, unjkjtcuw is living in the mali, so unjkjtcuw is likely living in a less cold condition than ezmhdfhnhoh.
ssqhw is living in the north pole, gde is living in the south pole, so ssqhw is not living in a less cold condition than gde.
vrwh is living in the north pole, tzmyvn is living in the south pole, so vrwh is not living in a less cold condition than tzmyvn.
gksedgkihst is living in the north pole, vydisjunhaam is living in the south pole, so gksedgkihst is not living in a less cold condition than vydisjunhaam.
efsqor is living in the north pole, fno is living in the south pole, so efsqor is not living in a less cold condition than fno.
qjsml is living in the north pole, rujzcyzzkxe is living in the south pole, so qjsml is not living in a less cold condition than rujzcyzzkxe.
gde is living in the north pole, ssqhw is living in the north pole, so ssqhw is not living in a colder condition than gde.
tzmyvn is living in the north pole, vrwh is living in the north pole, so vrwh is not living in a colder condition than tzmyvn.
vydisjunhaam is living in the north pole, gksedgkihst is living in the north pole, so gksedgkihst is not living in a colder condition than vydisjunhaam.
fno is living in the north pole, efsqor is living in the north pole, so efsqor is not living in a colder condition than fno.
rujzcyzzkxe is living in the north pole, qjsml is living in the north pole, so qjsml is not living in a colder condition than rujzcyzzkxe.
wnyoi is living in the democratic republic of the congo, khykxes is living in the north pole, so wnyoi is likely living in a hotter condition than khykxes.
ypgnkiajpb is living in the democratic republic of the congo, ueysh is living in the north pole, so ypgnkiajpb is likely living in a hotter condition than ueysh.
kgmflvfl is living in the democratic republic of the congo, gyvofv is living in the north pole, so kgmflvfl is likely living in a hotter condition than gyvofv.
spjfdfnb is living in the democratic republic of the congo, uyvatzsixu is living in the north pole, so spjfdfnb is likely living in a hotter condition than uyvatzsixu.
bbrxdrpuke is living in the democratic republic of the congo, qxodmxeqa is living in the north pole, so bbrxdrpuke is likely living in a hotter condition than qxodmxeqa.
wnyoi is living in the democratic republic of the congo, khykxes is living in the north pole, so khykxes is likely living in a less hot condition than wnyoi.
ypgnkiajpb is living in the democratic republic of the congo, ueysh is living in the north pole, so ueysh is likely living in a less hot condition than ypgnkiajpb.
kgmflvfl is living in the democratic republic of the congo, gyvofv is living in the north pole, so gyvofv is likely living in a less hot condition than kgmflvfl.
spjfdfnb is living in the democratic republic of the congo, uyvatzsixu is living in the north pole, so uyvatzsixu is likely living in a less hot condition than spjfdfnb.
bbrxdrpuke is living in the democratic republic of the congo, qxodmxeqa is living in the north pole, so qxodmxeqa is likely living in a less hot condition than bbrxdrpuke.
szvueqz is living in the democratic republic of the congo, pydfg is living in the north pole, so szvueqz is not living in a less hot condition than pydfg.
oyoevfk is living in the democratic republic of the congo, ogftyls is living in the north pole, so oyoevfk is not living in a less hot condition than ogftyls.
wzkx is living in the democratic republic of the congo, cqof is living in the north pole, so wzkx is not living in a less hot condition than cqof.
stdrqxm is living in the democratic republic of the congo, tjeuopvkxkq is living in the north pole, so stdrqxm is not living in a less hot condition than tjeuopvkxkq.
rgxq is living in the democratic republic of the congo, pmofqoet is living in the north pole, so rgxq is not living in a less hot condition than pmofqoet.
pydfg is living in the democratic republic of the congo, szvueqz is living in the north pole, so szvueqz is not living in a hotter condition than pydfg.
ogftyls is living in the democratic republic of the congo, oyoevfk is living in the north pole, so oyoevfk is not living in a hotter condition than ogftyls.
cqof is living in the democratic republic of the congo, wzkx is living in the north pole, so wzkx is not living in a hotter condition than cqof.
tjeuopvkxkq is living in the democratic republic of the congo, stdrqxm is living in the north pole, so stdrqxm is not living in a hotter condition than tjeuopvkxkq.
pmofqoet is living in the democratic republic of the congo, rgxq is living in the north pole, so rgxq is not living in a hotter condition than pmofqoet.
zgy is living in somalia, ezg is living in the northern canada, so zgy is likely living in a colder condition than ezg.
mfwkk is living in somalia, qrr is living in the northern canada, so mfwkk is likely living in a colder condition than qrr.
wck is living in somalia, jkguhi is living in the northern canada, so wck is likely living in a colder condition than jkguhi.
liqx is living in somalia, mkadvf is living in the northern canada, so liqx is likely living in a colder condition than mkadvf.
qoxxs is living in somalia, skoefufvhta is living in the northern canada, so qoxxs is likely living in a colder condition than skoefufvhta.
zgy is living in somalia, ezg is living in the northern canada, so ezg is likely living in a less hot condition than zgy.
mfwkk is living in somalia, qrr is living in the northern canada, so qrr is likely living in a less hot condition than mfwkk.
wck is living in somalia, jkguhi is living in the northern canada, so jkguhi is likely living in a less hot condition than wck.
liqx is living in somalia, mkadvf is living in the northern canada, so mkadvf is likely living in a less hot condition than liqx.
qoxxs is living in somalia, skoefufvhta is living in the northern canada, so skoefufvhta is likely living in a less hot condition than qoxxs.
akeb is living in somalia, kzhebzvp is living in the northern canada, so akeb is not living in a less hot condition than kzhebzvp.
glgrmmz is living in somalia, cyi is living in the northern canada, so glgrmmz is not living in a less hot condition than cyi.
vbhluvlri is living in somalia, gnbvrxge is living in the northern canada, so vbhluvlri is not living in a less hot condition than gnbvrxge.
gqrmccqfzn is living in somalia, rmrcqeniagj is living in the northern canada, so gqrmccqfzn is not living in a less hot condition than rmrcqeniagj.
yuakj is living in somalia, fzhfvnu is living in the northern canada, so yuakj is not living in a less hot condition than fzhfvnu.
kzhebzvp is living in somalia, akeb is living in the northern canada, so akeb is not living in a hotter condition than kzhebzvp.
cyi is living in somalia, glgrmmz is living in the northern canada, so glgrmmz is not living in a hotter condition than cyi.
gnbvrxge is living in somalia, vbhluvlri is living in the northern canada, so vbhluvlri is not living in a hotter condition than gnbvrxge.
rmrcqeniagj is living in somalia, gqrmccqfzn is living in the northern canada, so gqrmccqfzn is not living in a hotter condition than rmrcqeniagj.
fzhfvnu is living in somalia, yuakj is living in the northern canada, so yuakj is not living in a hotter condition than fzhfvnu.
gactptudj is living in the northern siberia, vdvivwxep is living in the somalia, so gactptudj is likely living in a colder condition than vdvivwxep.
llkpmlqq is living in the northern siberia, nrezggwvyc is living in the somalia, so llkpmlqq is likely living in a colder condition than nrezggwvyc.
qukzndgguj is living in the northern siberia, ciadvyk is living in the somalia, so qukzndgguj is likely living in a colder condition than ciadvyk.
ebnbcywnrkd is living in the northern siberia, vkexs is living in the somalia, so ebnbcywnrkd is likely living in a colder condition than vkexs.
zqo is living in the northern siberia, fvidoeoukcd is living in the somalia, so zqo is likely living in a colder condition than fvidoeoukcd.
gactptudj is living in the northern siberia, vdvivwxep is living in the somalia, so vdvivwxep is likely living in a less cold condition than gactptudj.
llkpmlqq is living in the northern siberia, nrezggwvyc is living in the somalia, so nrezggwvyc is likely living in a less cold condition than llkpmlqq.
qukzndgguj is living in the northern siberia, ciadvyk is living in the somalia, so ciadvyk is likely living in a less cold condition than qukzndgguj.
ebnbcywnrkd is living in the northern siberia, vkexs is living in the somalia, so vkexs is likely living in a less cold condition than ebnbcywnrkd.
zqo is living in the northern siberia, fvidoeoukcd is living in the somalia, so fvidoeoukcd is likely living in a less cold condition than zqo.
vnst is living in the northern siberia, knvlnb is living in somalia, so vnst is not living in a less cold condition than knvlnb
aaeihdxxnh is living in the northern siberia, qfut is living in somalia, so aaeihdxxnh is not living in a less cold condition than qfut
olsjjjysieho is living in the northern siberia, khrymlqo is living in somalia, so olsjjjysieho is not living in a less cold condition than khrymlqo
fujyp is living in the northern siberia, xoyirn is living in somalia, so fujyp is not living in a less cold condition than xoyirn
dkhztzoaxry is living in the northern siberia, zwfndtsz is living in somalia, so dkhztzoaxry is not living in a less cold condition than zwfndtsz
knvlnb is living in the northern siberia, vnst is living in the somalia, so vnst is not living in a colder condition than knvlnb
qfut is living in the northern siberia, aaeihdxxnh is living in the somalia, so aaeihdxxnh is not living in a colder condition than qfut
khrymlqo is living in the northern siberia, olsjjjysieho is living in the somalia, so olsjjjysieho is not living in a colder condition than khrymlqo
xoyirn is living in the northern siberia, fujyp is living in the somalia, so fujyp is not living in a colder condition than xoyirn
zwfndtsz is living in the northern siberia, dkhztzoaxry is living in the somalia, so dkhztzoaxry is not living in a colder condition than zwfndtsz
ejmjdf is living in the democratic republic of the congo, zxuqmqgnbm is living in the south pole, so ejmjdf is likely living in a hotter condition than zxuqmqgnbm.
ojbrdnfvyzd is living in the democratic republic of the congo, wup is living in the south pole, so ojbrdnfvyzd is likely living in a hotter condition than wup.
wcpwcuv is living in the democratic republic of the congo, jwkdnfy is living in the south pole, so wcpwcuv is likely living in a hotter condition than jwkdnfy.
obqfmqp is living in the democratic republic of the congo, pnbhnlglodj is living in the south pole, so obqfmqp is likely living in a hotter condition than pnbhnlglodj.
gvvsv is living in the democratic republic of the congo, evlnihbsmm is living in the south pole, so gvvsv is likely living in a hotter condition than evlnihbsmm.
ejmjdf is living in the democratic republic of the congo, zxuqmqgnbm is living in the south pole, so zxuqmqgnbm is likely living in a less hot condition than ejmjdf.
ojbrdnfvyzd is living in the democratic republic of the congo, wup is living in the south pole, so wup is likely living in a less hot condition than ojbrdnfvyzd.
wcpwcuv is living in the democratic republic of the congo, jwkdnfy is living in the south pole, so jwkdnfy is likely living in a less hot condition than wcpwcuv.
obqfmqp is living in the democratic republic of the congo, pnbhnlglodj is living in the south pole, so pnbhnlglodj is likely living in a less hot condition than obqfmqp.
gvvsv is living in the democratic republic of the congo, evlnihbsmm is living in the south pole, so evlnihbsmm is likely living in a less hot condition than gvvsv.
uxceydxoewr is living in the democratic republic of the congo, vilqqhbazv is living in the south pole, so uxceydxoewr is not living in a less hot condition than vilqqhbazv.
vvqayllna is living in the democratic republic of the congo, mpsyealnh is living in the south pole, so vvqayllna is not living in a less hot condition than mpsyealnh.
wroj is living in the democratic republic of the congo, ncxjfz is living in the south pole, so wroj is not living in a less hot condition than ncxjfz.
hgh is living in the democratic republic of the congo, fwppske is living in the south pole, so hgh is not living in a less hot condition than fwppske.
wycm is living in the democratic republic of the congo, uytklz is living in the south pole, so wycm is not living in a less hot condition than uytklz.
vilqqhbazv is living in the democratic republic of the congo, uxceydxoewr is living in the south pole, so uxceydxoewr is not likely living in a colder condition than vilqqhbazv.
mpsyealnh is living in the democratic republic of the congo, vvqayllna is living in the south pole, so vvqayllna is not likely living in a colder condition than mpsyealnh.
ncxjfz is living in the democratic republic of the congo, wroj is living in the south pole, so wroj is not likely living in a colder condition than ncxjfz.
fwppske is living in the democratic republic of the congo, hgh is living in the south pole, so hgh is not likely living in a colder condition than fwppske.
uytklz is living in the democratic republic of the congo, wycm is living in the south pole, so wycm is not likely living in a colder condition than uytklz.
tsadxlhhsmn is living in somalia, msvbrcxniy is living in oslo, so tsadxlhhsmn is likely living in a hotter condition than msvbrcxniy.
hdd is living in somalia, txekxkt is living in oslo, so hdd is likely living in a hotter condition than txekxkt.
uagtsoiqasov is living in somalia, fbjscfdftxiw is living in oslo, so uagtsoiqasov is likely living in a hotter condition than fbjscfdftxiw.
tvd is living in somalia, fju is living in oslo, so tvd is likely living in a hotter condition than fju.
kphub is living in somalia, rxfttycz is living in oslo, so kphub is likely living in a hotter condition than rxfttycz.
tsadxlhhsmn is living in somalia, msvbrcxniy is living in oslo, so msvbrcxniy is likely living in a more hot condition than tsadxlhhsmn.
hdd is living in somalia, txekxkt is living in oslo, so txekxkt is likely living in a more hot condition than hdd.
uagtsoiqasov is living in somalia, fbjscfdftxiw is living in oslo, so fbjscfdftxiw is likely living in a more hot condition than uagtsoiqasov.
tvd is living in somalia, fju is living in oslo, so fju is likely living in a more hot condition than tvd.
kphub is living in somalia, rxfttycz is living in oslo, so rxfttycz is likely living in a more hot condition than kphub.
gnzbtlopxsfp is living in somalia, auxem is living in oslo, so gnzbtlopxsfp is not living in a less hot condition than auxem
traf is living in somalia, mdp is living in oslo, so traf is not living in a less hot condition than mdp
mspbxrtcrf is living in somalia, ogqsearbqc is living in oslo, so mspbxrtcrf is not living in a less hot condition than ogqsearbqc
pmoiitgl is living in somalia, ugaeg is living in oslo, so pmoiitgl is not living in a less hot condition than ugaeg
nogxfsdl is living in somalia, xvrudbupl is living in oslo, so nogxfsdl is not living in a less hot condition than xvrudbupl
auxem is living in somalia, gnzbtlopxsfp is living in oslo, so gnzbtlopxsfp is not living in a hotter condition than auxem.
mdp is living in somalia, traf is living in oslo, so traf is not living in a hotter condition than mdp.
ogqsearbqc is living in somalia, mspbxrtcrf is living in oslo, so mspbxrtcrf is not living in a hotter condition than ogqsearbqc.
ugaeg is living in somalia, pmoiitgl is living in oslo, so pmoiitgl is not living in a hotter condition than ugaeg.
xvrudbupl is living in somalia, nogxfsdl is living in oslo, so nogxfsdl is not living in a hotter condition than xvrudbupl.
eqdstodg is living in the south pole, hqeassyu is living in the mauritania, so eqdstodg is likely living in a colder condition than hqeassyu.
tsktjxrnur is living in the south pole, rbryjrs is living in the mauritania, so tsktjxrnur is likely living in a colder condition than rbryjrs.
ftutqekj is living in the south pole, kwui is living in the mauritania, so ftutqekj is likely living in a colder condition than kwui.
hzgpzomtlef is living in the south pole, fhctaswq is living in the mauritania, so hzgpzomtlef is likely living in a colder condition than fhctaswq.
qzeehjnlcql is living in the south pole, jcufpkdmxs is living in the mauritania, so qzeehjnlcql is likely living in a colder condition than jcufpkdmxs.
eqdstodg is living in the south pole, hqeassyu is living in the mauritania, so hqeassyu is likely living in a less cold condition than eqdstodg.
tsktjxrnur is living in the south pole, rbryjrs is living in the mauritania, so rbryjrs is likely living in a less cold condition than tsktjxrnur.
ftutqekj is living in the south pole, kwui is living in the mauritania, so kwui is likely living in a less cold condition than ftutqekj.
hzgpzomtlef is living in the south pole, fhctaswq is living in the mauritania, so fhctaswq is likely living in a less cold condition than hzgpzomtlef.
qzeehjnlcql is living in the south pole, jcufpkdmxs is living in the mauritania, so jcufpkdmxs is likely living in a less cold condition than qzeehjnlcql.
atuftyylola is living in the south pole, pnggxartarv is living in the mauritania, so atuftyylola is not living in a less cold condition than pnggxartarv.
flpzgkrajfrj is living in the south pole, zsbe is living in the mauritania, so flpzgkrajfrj is not living in a less cold condition than zsbe.
bgnojr is living in the south pole, zyfdtry is living in the mauritania, so bgnojr is not living in a less cold condition than zyfdtry.
eiohjfpejfrd is living in the south pole, qyqbrtn is living in the mauritania, so eiohjfpejfrd is not living in a less cold condition than qyqbrtn.
kfcwyxb is living in the south pole, fhqlb is living in the mauritania, so kfcwyxb is not living in a less cold condition than fhqlb.
pnggxartarv is living in the south pole, atuftyylola is living in the mauritania, so atuftyylola is not living in a colder condition than pnggxartarv.
zsbe is living in the south pole, flpzgkrajfrj is living in the mauritania, so flpzgkrajfrj is not living in a colder condition than zsbe.
zyfdtry is living in the south pole, bgnojr is living in the mauritania, so bgnojr is not living in a colder condition than zyfdtry.
qyqbrtn is living in the south pole, eiohjfpejfrd is living in the mauritania, so eiohjfpejfrd is not living in a colder condition than qyqbrtn.
fhqlb is living in the south pole, kfcwyxb is living in the mauritania, so kfcwyxb is not living in a colder condition than fhqlb.
lqm is living in singapore, easypvaww is living in stockholm, Sweden, so lqm is likely living in a hotter condition than easypvaww.
oxpzigzqobo is living in singapore, oukkodkf is living in stockholm, Sweden, so oxpzigzqobo is likely living in a hotter condition than oukkodkf.
rpfkkp is living in singapore, yabcumluy is living in stockholm, Sweden, so rpfkkp is likely living in a hotter condition than yabcumluy.
sdkkz is living in singapore, dgixnqvfdoq is living in stockholm, Sweden, so sdkkz is likely living in a hotter condition than dgixnqvfdoq.
wax is living in singapore, mohkzkypsen is living in stockholm, Sweden, so wax is likely living in a hotter condition than mohkzkypsen.
lqm is living in singapore, easypvaww is living in stockholm, so easypvaww is likely living in a less hot condition than lqm.
oxpzigzqobo is living in singapore, oukkodkf is living in stockholm, so oukkodkf is likely living in a less hot condition than oxpzigzqobo.
rpfkkp is living in singapore, yabcumluy is living in stockholm, so yabcumluy is likely living in a less hot condition than rpfkkp.
sdkkz is living in singapore, dgixnqvfdoq is living in stockholm, so dgixnqvfdoq is likely living in a less hot condition than sdkkz.
wax is living in singapore, mohkzkypsen is living in stockholm, so mohkzkypsen is likely living in a less hot condition than wax.
yngqbbdtmx is living in singapore, ztbmwe is living in stockholm, so yngqbbdtmx is not living in a less hot condition than ztbmwe
efhnaselui is living in singapore, mutdvnesv is living in stockholm, so efhnaselui is not living in a less hot condition than mutdvnesv
wanbbu is living in singapore, yomrzadak is living in stockholm, so wanbbu is not living in a less hot condition than yomrzadak
dxisccyxykm is living in singapore, chl is living in stockholm, so dxisccyxykm is not living in a less hot condition than chl
uskslgoyxo is living in singapore, hzamzwmcfynf is living in stockholm, so uskslgoyxo is not living in a less hot condition than hzamzwmcfynf
ztbmwe is living in singapore, yngqbbdtmx is living in stockholm, so yngqbbdtmx is not living in a hotter condition than ztbmwe.
mutdvnesv is living in singapore, efhnaselui is living in stockholm, so efhnaselui is not living in a hotter condition than mutdvnesv.
yomrzadak is living in singapore, wanbbu is living in stockholm, so wanbbu is not living in a hotter condition than yomrzadak.
chl is living in singapore, dxisccyxykm is living in stockholm, so dxisccyxykm is not living in a hotter condition than chl.
hzamzwmcfynf is living in singapore, uskslgoyxo is living in stockholm, so uskslgoyxo is not living in a hotter condition than hzamzwmcfynf.
kmqngiffc is living in Stockholm, yxwiq is living in thailand, so kmqngiffc is likely living in a colder condition than yxwiq.
ifuyncaz is living in Stockholm, piw is living in thailand, so ifuyncaz is likely living in a colder condition than piw.
iizv is living in Stockholm, ltkb is living in thailand, so iizv is likely living in a colder condition than ltkb.
zxqf is living in Stockholm, itqcwezrurcg is living in thailand, so zxqf is likely living in a colder condition than itqcwezrurcg.
lziwgv is living in Stockholm, tymphqezfyrr is living in thailand, so lziwgv is likely living in a colder condition than tymphqezfyrr.
kmqngiffc is living in Stockholm, yxwiq is living in thailand, so yxwiq is likely living in a less cold condition than kmqngiffc.
ifuyncaz is living in Stockholm, piw is living in thailand, so piw is likely living in a less cold condition than ifuyncaz.
iizv is living in Stockholm, ltkb is living in thailand, so ltkb is likely living in a less cold condition than iizv.
zxqf is living in Stockholm, itqcwezrurcg is living in thailand, so itqcwezrurcg is likely living in a less cold condition than zxqf.
lziwgv is living in Stockholm, tymphqezfyrr is living in thailand, so tymphqezfyrr is likely living in a less cold condition than lziwgv.
biocq is living in Stockholm, lpzpjn is living in thailand, so biocq is not living in a less cold condition than lpzpjn
dgswriuwlve is living in Stockholm, skbalndqanz is living in thailand, so dgswriuwlve is not living in a less cold condition than skbalndqanz
wyt is living in Stockholm, ixfxoevbxu is living in thailand, so wyt is not living in a less cold condition than ixfxoevbxu
sgaahnymhmkh is living in Stockholm, fsrd is living in thailand, so sgaahnymhmkh is not living in a less cold condition than fsrd
heabndcdn is living in Stockholm, plskaxvqchpe is living in thailand, so heabndcdn is not living in a less cold condition than plskaxvqchpe
lpzpjn is living in stockholm, biocq is living in thailand, so biocq is not living in a colder condition than lpzpjn
skbalndqanz is living in stockholm, dgswriuwlve is living in thailand, so dgswriuwlve is not living in a colder condition than skbalndqanz
ixfxoevbxu is living in stockholm, wyt is living in thailand, so wyt is not living in a colder condition than ixfxoevbxu
fsrd is living in stockholm, sgaahnymhmkh is living in thailand, so sgaahnymhmkh is not living in a colder condition than fsrd
plskaxvqchpe is living in stockholm, heabndcdn is living in thailand, so heabndcdn is not living in a colder condition than plskaxvqchpe
cra is living in the dome c, so cra is likely living in a colder condition than jrexnjf.
zvtxlud is living in the dome c, so zvtxlud is likely living in a colder condition than afyvxydz.
rliszhdsibof is living in the dome c, so rliszhdsibof is likely living in a colder condition than kjflnbsnzv.
uyuji is living in the dome c, so uyuji is likely living in a colder condition than xlhzfhywhtu.
kjgieiwgt is living in the dome c, so kjgieiwgt is likely living in a colder condition than savln.
cra is living in the dome c, so jrexnjf is likely living in the madagascar, so jrexnjf is likely living in a less cold condition than cra.
zvtxlud is living in the dome c, so afyvxydz is likely living in the madagascar, so afyvxydz is likely living in a less cold condition than zvtxlud.
rliszhdsibof is living in the dome c, so kjflnbsnzv is likely living in the madagascar, so kjflnbsnzv is likely living in a less cold condition than rliszhdsibof.
uyuji is living in the dome c, so xlhzfhywhtu is likely living in the madagascar, so xlhzfhywhtu is likely living in a less cold condition than uyuji.
kjgieiwgt is living in the dome c, so savln is likely living in the madagascar, so savln is likely living in a less cold condition than kjgieiwgt.
wccmgexkbfs is living in shetland, lxgibcncew is living in mauritania, so wccmgexkbfs is likely living in a colder condition than lxgibcncew.
kse is living in shetland, muo is living in mauritania, so kse is likely living in a colder condition than muo.
fzblh is living in shetland, pxs is living in mauritania, so fzblh is likely living in a colder condition than pxs.
pieugfavsr is living in shetland, apaouasx is living in mauritania, so pieugfavsr is likely living in a colder condition than apaouasx.
qdvaxabfu is living in shetland, ziqqapaz is living in mauritania, so qdvaxabfu is likely living in a colder condition than ziqqapaz.
wccmgexkbfs is living in the shetland, lxgibcncew is living in mauritania, so lxgibcncew is likely living in a less cold condition than wccmgexkbfs.
kse is living in the shetland, muo is living in mauritania, so muo is likely living in a less cold condition than kse.
fzblh is living in the shetland, pxs is living in mauritania, so pxs is likely living in a less cold condition than fzblh.
pieugfavsr is living in the shetland, apaouasx is living in mauritania, so apaouasx is likely living in a less cold condition than pieugfavsr.
qdvaxabfu is living in the shetland, ziqqapaz is living in mauritania, so ziqqapaz is likely living in a less cold condition than qdvaxabfu.
okisbiyks is living in the shetland, clycfjyht is living in mauritania, so okisbiyks is not living in a less cold condition than clycfjyht
udgvtdixpwva is living in the shetland, zmnumbojazps is living in mauritania, so udgvtdixpwva is not living in a less cold condition than zmnumbojazps
vilivwdn is living in the shetland, equibo is living in mauritania, so vilivwdn is not living in a less cold condition than equibo
slovwrzklr is living in the shetland, tfxeoj is living in mauritania, so slovwrzklr is not living in a less cold condition than tfxeoj
vqtmyevbjap is living in the shetland, idueubmkzkzc is living in mauritania, so vqtmyevbjap is not living in a less cold condition than idueubmkzkzc
clycfjyht is living in the shetland, okisbiyks is living in mauritania, so okisbiyks is not living in a colder condition than clycfjyht.
zmnumbojazps is living in the shetland, udgvtdixpwva is living in mauritania, so udgvtdixpwva is not living in a colder condition than zmnumbojazps.
equibo is living in the shetland, vilivwdn is living in mauritania, so vilivwdn is not living in a colder condition than equibo.
tfxeoj is living in the shetland, slovwrzklr is living in mauritania, so slovwrzklr is not living in a colder condition than tfxeoj.
idueubmkzkzc is living in the shetland, vqtmyevbjap is living in mauritania, so vqtmyevbjap is not living in a colder condition than idueubmkzkzc.
bjfdbosqbdtx is living in northern australia, rhlxlmk is living in helsinki, finland, so bjfdbosqbdtx is likely living in a hotter condition than rhlxlmk.
bcliklq is living in northern australia, fgr is living in helsinki, finland, so bcliklq is likely living in a hotter condition than fgr.
gobrzzi is living in northern australia, hunly is living in helsinki, finland, so gobrzzi is likely living in a hotter condition than hunly.
xvgwosovxqza is living in northern australia, tsqikpkyp is living in helsinki, finland, so xvgwosovxqza is likely living in a hotter condition than tsqikpkyp.
lieycsaifoh is living in northern australia, ddbugmylace is living in helsinki, finland, so lieycsaifoh is likely living in a hotter condition than ddbugmylace.
bjfdbosqbdtx is living in northern australia, rhlxlmk is living in helsinki, so rhlxlmk is likely living in a less hot condition than bjfdbosqbdtx.
bcliklq is living in northern australia, fgr is living in helsinki, so fgr is likely living in a less hot condition than bcliklq.
gobrzzi is living in northern australia, hunly is living in helsinki, so hunly is likely living in a less hot condition than gobrzzi.
xvgwosovxqza is living in northern australia, tsqikpkyp is living in helsinki, so tsqikpkyp is likely living in a less hot condition than xvgwosovxqza.
lieycsaifoh is living in northern australia, ddbugmylace is living in helsinki, so ddbugmylace is likely living in a less hot condition than lieycsaifoh.
bfvwvrguphvr is living in northern australia, cvvkr is living in helsinki, so bfvwvrguphvr is not living in a less hot condition than cvvkr
kpjxfqvxxgfl is living in northern australia, tnavibbpaxp is living in helsinki, so kpjxfqvxxgfl is not living in a less hot condition than tnavibbpaxp
xllui is living in northern australia, fsqmc is living in helsinki, so xllui is not living in a less hot condition than fsqmc
uywkymklddjy is living in northern australia, sxvzstmbi is living in helsinki, so uywkymklddjy is not living in a less hot condition than sxvzstmbi
uasmdyzoem is living in northern australia, mdplww is living in helsinki, so uasmdyzoem is not living in a less hot condition than mdplww
cvvkr is living in northern australia, bfvwvrguphvr is living in helsinki, so bfvwvrguphvr is not living in a hotter condition than cvvkr.
tnavibbpaxp is living in northern australia, kpjxfqvxxgfl is living in helsinki, so kpjxfqvxxgfl is not living in a hotter condition than tnavibbpaxp.
fsqmc is living in northern australia, xllui is living in helsinki, so xllui is not living in a hotter condition than fsqmc.
sxvzstmbi is living in northern australia, uywkymklddjy is living in helsinki, so uywkymklddjy is not living in a hotter condition than sxvzstmbi.
mdplww is living in northern australia, uasmdyzoem is living in helsinki, so uasmdyzoem is not living in a hotter condition than mdplww.
bvcoiuo is living in the north pole, shdt is living in the laos, so bvcoiuo is likely living in a colder condition than shdt.
jieiol is living in the north pole, aedtwtf is living in the laos, so jieiol is likely living in a colder condition than aedtwtf.
rqlzahrerc is living in the north pole, dynmbglangm is living in the laos, so rqlzahrerc is likely living in a colder condition than dynmbglangm.
gybjpisuo is living in the north pole, ybak is living in the laos, so gybjpisuo is likely living in a colder condition than ybak.
qqz is living in the north pole, hgvdepvfld is living in the laos, so qqz is likely living in a colder condition than hgvdepvfld.
bvcoiuo is living in the north pole, shdt is living in the laos, so shdt is likely living in a less cold condition than bvcoiuo.
jieiol is living in the north pole, aedtwtf is living in the laos, so aedtwtf is likely living in a less cold condition than jieiol.
rqlzahrerc is living in the north pole, dynmbglangm is living in the laos, so dynmbglangm is likely living in a less cold condition than rqlzahrerc.
gybjpisuo is living in the north pole, ybak is living in the laos, so ybak is likely living in a less cold condition than gybjpisuo.
qqz is living in the north pole, hgvdepvfld is living in the laos, so hgvdepvfld is likely living in a less cold condition than qqz.
hckvm is living in the north pole, cuwe is living in the laos, so hckvm is not living in a less cold condition than cuwe.
qqvfwvrup is living in the north pole, jkyttoit is living in the laos, so qqvfwvrup is not living in a less cold condition than jkyttoit.
urhecv is living in the north pole, uibotbbqaa is living in the laos, so urhecv is not living in a less cold condition than uibotbbqaa.
bdcpxptnstx is living in the north pole, crrqc is living in the laos, so bdcpxptnstx is not living in a less cold condition than crrqc.
qlxcpbsfhv is living in the north pole, zofvabavlw is living in the laos, so qlxcpbsfhv is not living in a less cold condition than zofvabavlw.
cuwe is living in the north pole, hckvm is living in the laos, so hckvm is not living in a colder condition than cuwe.
jkyttoit is living in the north pole, qqvfwvrup is living in the laos, so qqvfwvrup is not living in a colder condition than jkyttoit.
uibotbbqaa is living in the north pole, urhecv is living in the laos, so urhecv is not living in a colder condition than uibotbbqaa.
crrqc is living in the north pole, bdcpxptnstx is living in the laos, so bdcpxptnstx is not living in a colder condition than crrqc.
zofvabavlw is living in the north pole, qlxcpbsfhv is living in the laos, so qlxcpbsfhv is not living in a colder condition than zofvabavlw.
egkky is a duck, bjrsvboy is a ant, so egkky is more likely to be in the lake than bjrsvboy
nppppxhzzg is a duck, cicl is a ant, so nppppxhzzg is more likely to be in the lake than cicl
dgvipyazwgxj is a duck, oznmybkbm is a ant, so dgvipyazwgxj is more likely to be in the lake than oznmybkbm
eareqnzltm is a duck, hnquf is a ant, so eareqnzltm is more likely to be in the lake than hnquf
qjyivhq is a duck, fadbcfa is a ant, so qjyivhq is more likely to be in the lake than fadbcfa
egkky is a duck, bjrsvboy is an ant, so bjrsvboy is less likely to be in the lake than egkky
nppppxhzzg is a duck, cicl is an ant, so cicl is less likely to be in the lake than nppppxhzzg
dgvipyazwgxj is a duck, oznmybkbm is an ant, so oznmybkbm is less likely to be in the lake than dgvipyazwgxj
eareqnzltm is a duck, hnquf is an ant, so hnquf is less likely to be in the lake than eareqnzltm
qjyivhq is a duck, fadbcfa is an ant, so fadbcfa is less likely to be in the lake than qjyivhq
ftkxptihmb is a duck, juhgf is an ant, so ftkxptihmb is not less likely to be in the lake than juhgf
uejond is a duck, wuvroznomzvf is an ant, so uejond is not less likely to be in the lake than wuvroznomzvf
gsgcwcwkzd is a duck, kpu is an ant, so gsgcwcwkzd is not less likely to be in the lake than kpu
ffzhthk is a duck, cgggmtwfphkj is an ant, so ffzhthk is not less likely to be in the lake than cgggmtwfphkj
urj is a duck, gdmmhl is an ant, so urj is not less likely to be in the lake than gdmmhl
juhgf is a duck, ftkxptihmb is an ant, so ftkxptihmb is not more likely to be in the lake than juhgf
wuvroznomzvf is a duck, uejond is an ant, so uejond is not more likely to be in the lake than wuvroznomzvf
kpu is a duck, gsgcwcwkzd is an ant, so gsgcwcwkzd is not more likely to be in the lake than kpu
cgggmtwfphkj is a duck, ffzhthk is an ant, so ffzhthk is not more likely to be in the lake than cgggmtwfphkj
gdmmhl is a duck, urj is an ant, so urj is not more likely to be in the lake than gdmmhl
fhofolpl is a lion, pbvfv is a bird, so fhofolpl is more likely to be on the veldt than pbvfv
etwlyrq is a lion, uwqampahz is a bird, so etwlyrq is more likely to be on the veldt than uwqampahz
gwlnw is a lion, obptvtqcve is a bird, so gwlnw is more likely to be on the veldt than obptvtqcve
tbzf is a lion, egvryyj is a bird, so tbzf is more likely to be on the veldt than egvryyj
haaags is a lion, cjxtybfcwmwm is a bird, so haaags is more likely to be on the veldt than cjxtybfcwmwm
fhofolpl is a lion, pbvfv is a bird, so pbvfv is less likely to be in the veldt than fhofolpl
etwlyrq is a lion, uwqampahz is a bird, so uwqampahz is less likely to be in the veldt than etwlyrq
gwlnw is a lion, obptvtqcve is a bird, so obptvtqcve is less likely to be in the veldt than gwlnw
tbzf is a lion, egvryyj is a bird, so egvryyj is less likely to be in the veldt than tbzf
haaags is a lion, cjxtybfcwmwm is a bird, so cjxtybfcwmwm is less likely to be in the veldt than haaags
uavc is a lion, whsiwhzj is a bird, so uavc is not less likely to be in the veld than whsiwhzj
vfjaxzts is a lion, jxtq is a bird, so vfjaxzts is not less likely to be in the veld than jxtq
lqbugtss is a lion, emknu is a bird, so lqbugtss is not less likely to be in the veld than emknu
fhz is a lion, yfxngwfusjga is a bird, so fhz is not less likely to be in the veld than yfxngwfusjga
cviek is a lion, csd is a bird, so cviek is not less likely to be in the veld than csd
whsiwhzj is a lion, uavc is a bird, so uavc is not more likely to be in the veld than whsiwhzj
jxtq is a lion, vfjaxzts is a bird, so vfjaxzts is not more likely to be in the veld than jxtq
emknu is a lion, lqbugtss is a bird, so lqbugtss is not more likely to be in the veld than emknu
yfxngwfusjga is a lion, fhz is a bird, so fhz is not more likely to be in the veld than yfxngwfusjga
csd is a lion, cviek is a bird, so cviek is not more likely to be in the veld than csd
ulphwsvwctol is a bee, pqejahtfui is a chicken, so ulphwsvwctol is more likely to be in an orchard than pqejahtfui
jvpfbchlgqg is a bee, jkrwxeqf is a chicken, so jvpfbchlgqg is more likely to be in an orchard than jkrwxeqf
arsfz is a bee, vtudzcg is a chicken, so arsfz is more likely to be in an orchard than vtudzcg
hrh is a bee, rydyxr is a chicken, so hrh is more likely to be in an orchard than rydyxr
kggkuuzlzb is a bee, xgfvwgino is a chicken, so kggkuuzlzb is more likely to be in an orchard than xgfvwgino
ulphwsvwctol is a bee, pqejahtfui is a chicken, so pqejahtfui is less likely to be in an orchard than ulphwsvwctol
jvpfbchlgqg is a bee, jkrwxeqf is a chicken, so jkrwxeqf is less likely to be in an orchard than jvpfbchlgqg
arsfz is a bee, vtudzcg is a chicken, so vtudzcg is less likely to be in an orchard than arsfz
hrh is a bee, rydyxr is a chicken, so rydyxr is less likely to be in an orchard than hrh
kggkuuzlzb is a bee, xgfvwgino is a chicken, so xgfvwgino is less likely to be in an orchard than kggkuuzlzb
ycrjvjwgotsl is a bee, fvxcpaeduq is a chicken, so ycrjvjwgotsl is not less likely to be in an orchard than fvxcpaeduq
czzszetxxokg is a bee, srpetzpbm is a chicken, so czzszetxxokg is not less likely to be in an orchard than srpetzpbm
tnhwrhtmgvld is a bee, wybekyderwr is a chicken, so tnhwrhtmgvld is not less likely to be in an orchard than wybekyderwr
qbgdviuaeie is a bee, zhmlmi is a chicken, so qbgdviuaeie is not less likely to be in an orchard than zhmlmi
hwojvbo is a bee, siicgndgupo is a chicken, so hwojvbo is not less likely to be in an orchard than siicgndgupo
fvxcpaeduq is a bee, ycrjvjwgotsl is a chicken, so ycrjvjwgotsl is not more likely to be in an orchard than fvxcpaeduq
srpetzpbm is a bee, czzszetxxokg is a chicken, so czzszetxxokg is not more likely to be in an orchard than srpetzpbm
wybekyderwr is a bee, tnhwrhtmgvld is a chicken, so tnhwrhtmgvld is not more likely to be in an orchard than wybekyderwr
zhmlmi is a bee, qbgdviuaeie is a chicken, so qbgdviuaeie is not more likely to be in an orchard than zhmlmi
siicgndgupo is a bee, hwojvbo is a chicken, so hwojvbo is not more likely to be in an orchard than siicgndgupo
nsq is a tiger, amjdgg is a deer, so nsq is more likely to circle its prey than amjdgg
ptkbdxv is a tiger, epr is a deer, so ptkbdxv is more likely to circle its prey than epr
jqg is a tiger, fncwsyzcc is a deer, so jqg is more likely to circle its prey than fncwsyzcc
xovgtok is a tiger, ryoiksu is a deer, so xovgtok is more likely to circle its prey than ryoiksu
yncdzv is a tiger, undmhojrn is a deer, so yncdzv is more likely to circle its prey than undmhojrn
nsq is a tiger, amjdgg is a deer, so amjdgg is less likely to circle its prey than nsq
ptkbdxv is a tiger, epr is a deer, so epr is less likely to circle its prey than ptkbdxv
jqg is a tiger, fncwsyzcc is a deer, so fncwsyzcc is less likely to circle its prey than jqg
xovgtok is a tiger, ryoiksu is a deer, so ryoiksu is less likely to circle its prey than xovgtok
yncdzv is a tiger, undmhojrn is a deer, so undmhojrn is less likely to circle its prey than yncdzv
rviauzf is a tiger, kjsdofrgacix is a deer, so rviauzf is not less likely to circle its prey than kjsdofrgacix
krex is a tiger, pxpdbm is a deer, so krex is not less likely to circle its prey than pxpdbm
ibyhbgkw is a tiger, wwoutc is a deer, so ibyhbgkw is not less likely to circle its prey than wwoutc
sasogdiripmi is a tiger, sntf is a deer, so sasogdiripmi is not less likely to circle its prey than sntf
gdty is a tiger, azaxikzb is a deer, so gdty is not less likely to circle its prey than azaxikzb
kjsdofrgacix is a tiger, rviauzf is a deer, so rviauzf is not more likely to circle its prey than kjsdofrgacix
pxpdbm is a tiger, krex is a deer, so krex is not more likely to circle its prey than pxpdbm
wwoutc is a tiger, ibyhbgkw is a deer, so ibyhbgkw is not more likely to circle its prey than wwoutc
sntf is a tiger, sasogdiripmi is a deer, so sasogdiripmi is not more likely to circle its prey than sntf
azaxikzb is a tiger, gdty is a deer, so gdty is not more likely to circle its prey than azaxikzb
omv is a bear, ubatcbfke is a monkey, so omv is more likely to be in a meadow than ubatcbfke
gqvdmm is a bear, nfmkiaxinlwj is a monkey, so gqvdmm is more likely to be in a meadow than nfmkiaxinlwj
sxjwdkowx is a bear, hqfhoxr is a monkey, so sxjwdkowx is more likely to be in a meadow than hqfhoxr
lrvzrk is a bear, uboegdfssfwg is a monkey, so lrvzrk is more likely to be in a meadow than uboegdfssfwg
tnfo is a bear, sqqmxo is a monkey, so tnfo is more likely to be in a meadow than sqqmxo
omv is a bear, ubatcbfke is a monkey, so ubatcbfke is less likely to be in a meadow than omv
gqvdmm is a bear, nfmkiaxinlwj is a monkey, so nfmkiaxinlwj is less likely to be in a meadow than gqvdmm
sxjwdkowx is a bear, hqfhoxr is a monkey, so hqfhoxr is less likely to be in a meadow than sxjwdkowx
lrvzrk is a bear, uboegdfssfwg is a monkey, so uboegdfssfwg is less likely to be in a meadow than lrvzrk
tnfo is a bear, sqqmxo is a monkey, so sqqmxo is less likely to be in a meadow than tnfo
liquwn is a bear, onqoblmqvweh is a monkey, so liquwn is not less likely to be in a meadow than onqoblmqvweh
yqr is a bear, xuh is a monkey, so yqr is not less likely to be in a meadow than xuh
cdp is a bear, sbfrbiqhibh is a monkey, so cdp is not less likely to be in a meadow than sbfrbiqhibh
qji is a bear, vwkwhvcezei is a monkey, so qji is not less likely to be in a meadow than vwkwhvcezei
xiypr is a bear, zsnwcjjfh is a monkey, so xiypr is not less likely to be in a meadow than zsnwcjjfh
onqoblmqvweh is a bear, liquwn is a monkey, so liquwn is not more likely to be in a meadow than onqoblmqvweh
xuh is a bear, yqr is a monkey, so yqr is not more likely to be in a meadow than xuh
sbfrbiqhibh is a bear, cdp is a monkey, so cdp is not more likely to be in a meadow than sbfrbiqhibh
vwkwhvcezei is a bear, qji is a monkey, so qji is not more likely to be in a meadow than vwkwhvcezei
zsnwcjjfh is a bear, xiypr is a monkey, so xiypr is not more likely to be in a meadow than zsnwcjjfh
buracwv is a dog, rbf is a fish, so buracwv is more likely to be in a kennel than rbf
ziyqbwdieaf is a dog, kajyiyzodb is a fish, so ziyqbwdieaf is more likely to be in a kennel than kajyiyzodb
poy is a dog, eksvuhqkamyj is a fish, so poy is more likely to be in a kennel than eksvuhqkamyj
hju is a dog, goolzt is a fish, so hju is more likely to be in a kennel than goolzt
amjl is a dog, qdjdandpv is a fish, so amjl is more likely to be in a kennel than qdjdandpv
buracwv is a dog, rbf is a fish, so rbf is less likely to be in a kennel than buracwv
ziyqbwdieaf is a dog, kajyiyzodb is a fish, so kajyiyzodb is less likely to be in a kennel than ziyqbwdieaf
poy is a dog, eksvuhqkamyj is a fish, so eksvuhqkamyj is less likely to be in a kennel than poy
hju is a dog, goolzt is a fish, so goolzt is less likely to be in a kennel than hju
amjl is a dog, qdjdandpv is a fish, so qdjdandpv is less likely to be in a kennel than amjl
qkaphebp is a dog, rtfpvj is a fish, so qkaphebp is not less likely to be in a kennel than rtfpvj
tget is a dog, gkhsdcmcmqhh is a fish, so tget is not less likely to be in a kennel than gkhsdcmcmqhh
rsxcyrluwbet is a dog, zqhvg is a fish, so rsxcyrluwbet is not less likely to be in a kennel than zqhvg
kkxsjbze is a dog, lewczhr is a fish, so kkxsjbze is not less likely to be in a kennel than lewczhr
iovwaxmlguym is a dog, tipzveaoc is a fish, so iovwaxmlguym is not less likely to be in a kennel than tipzveaoc
rtfpvj is a dog, qkaphebp is a fish, so qkaphebp is not more likely to be in a kennel than rtfpvj
gkhsdcmcmqhh is a dog, tget is a fish, so tget is not more likely to be in a kennel than gkhsdcmcmqhh
zqhvg is a dog, rsxcyrluwbet is a fish, so rsxcyrluwbet is not more likely to be in a kennel than zqhvg
lewczhr is a dog, kkxsjbze is a fish, so kkxsjbze is not more likely to be in a kennel than lewczhr
tipzveaoc is a dog, iovwaxmlguym is a fish, so iovwaxmlguym is not more likely to be in a kennel than tipzveaoc
hzydktsk is a sheep, lowfee is a crocodile, so hzydktsk is less likely to live in a field than lowfee
cradvsvwef is a sheep, ygxzvtygcr is a crocodile, so cradvsvwef is less likely to live in a field than ygxzvtygcr
osmy is a sheep, gabkqfljiv is a crocodile, so osmy is less likely to live in a field than gabkqfljiv
rqrxnpbpfrhi is a sheep, lgsvwvr is a crocodile, so rqrxnpbpfrhi is less likely to live in a field than lgsvwvr
mzhbkbjp is a sheep, uicdmgpv is a crocodile, so mzhbkbjp is less likely to live in a field than uicdmgpv
hzydktsk is a sheep, lowfee is a crocodile, so lowfee is less likely to live in a field than hzydktsk
cradvsvwef is a sheep, ygxzvtygcr is a crocodile, so ygxzvtygcr is less likely to live in a field than cradvsvwef
osmy is a sheep, gabkqfljiv is a crocodile, so gabkqfljiv is less likely to live in a field than osmy
rqrxnpbpfrhi is a sheep, lgsvwvr is a crocodile, so lgsvwvr is less likely to live in a field than rqrxnpbpfrhi
mzhbkbjp is a sheep, uicdmgpv is a crocodile, so uicdmgpv is less likely to live in a field than mzhbkbjp
qjhpa is a sheep, fwlycffzj is a crocodile, so qjhpa is not more likely to live in a field than fwlycffzj
dcmj is a sheep, urmnvnpyrfx is a crocodile, so dcmj is not more likely to live in a field than urmnvnpyrfx
bgp is a sheep, pokqc is a crocodile, so bgp is not more likely to live in a field than pokqc
fhizxqqt is a sheep, rujnixtvcp is a crocodile, so fhizxqqt is not more likely to live in a field than rujnixtvcp
odisjvqqldg is a sheep, ttvsgkluln is a crocodile, so odisjvqqldg is not more likely to live in a field than ttvsgkluln
fwlycffzj is a sheep, qjhpa is a crocodile, so qjhpa is not more likely to live in a field than fwlycffzj
urmnvnpyrfx is a sheep, dcmj is a crocodile, so dcmj is not more likely to live in a field than urmnvnpyrfx
pokqc is a sheep, bgp is a crocodile, so bgp is not more likely to live in a field than pokqc
rujnixtvcp is a sheep, fhizxqqt is a crocodile, so fhizxqqt is not more likely to live in a field than rujnixtvcp
ttvsgkluln is a sheep, odisjvqqldg is a crocodile, so odisjvqqldg is not more likely to live in a field than ttvsgkluln
jpqf is a sheep, qxkpobmerll is a spider, so jpqf is more likely to graze than qxkpobmerll
mmdqkvq is a sheep, rrfnsqkrsixm is a spider, so mmdqkvq is more likely to graze than rrfnsqkrsixm
dupacpvia is a sheep, lsivyftug is a spider, so dupacpvia is more likely to graze than lsivyftug
yjqbuadwttc is a sheep, iyklxlsvv is a spider, so yjqbuadwttc is more likely to graze than iyklxlsvv
trfddca is a sheep, zzterl is a spider, so trfddca is more likely to graze than zzterl
jpqf is a sheep, qxkpobmerll is a spider, so qxkpobmerll is less likely to graze than jpqf
mmdqkvq is a sheep, rrfnsqkrsixm is a spider, so rrfnsqkrsixm is less likely to graze than mmdqkvq
dupacpvia is a sheep, lsivyftug is a spider, so lsivyftug is less likely to graze than dupacpvia
yjqbuadwttc is a sheep, iyklxlsvv is a spider, so iyklxlsvv is less likely to graze than yjqbuadwttc
trfddca is a sheep, zzterl is a spider, so zzterl is less likely to graze than trfddca
nbasgqyunj is a sheep, vgdyza is a spider, so nbasgqyunj is not less likely to graze than vgdyza
kkvdknoxayur is a sheep, skhejhufkroe is a spider, so kkvdknoxayur is not less likely to graze than skhejhufkroe
jopuzhzpsopn is a sheep, cyyijami is a spider, so jopuzhzpsopn is not less likely to graze than cyyijami
bdcxapagm is a sheep, cdygwtihwqz is a spider, so bdcxapagm is not less likely to graze than cdygwtihwqz
qixgrjkm is a sheep, xkbkqt is a spider, so qixgrjkm is not less likely to graze than xkbkqt
vgdyza is a sheep, nbasgqyunj is a spider, so nbasgqyunj is not more likely to graze than vgdyza
skhejhufkroe is a sheep, kkvdknoxayur is a spider, so kkvdknoxayur is not more likely to graze than skhejhufkroe
cyyijami is a sheep, jopuzhzpsopn is a spider, so jopuzhzpsopn is not more likely to graze than cyyijami
cdygwtihwqz is a sheep, bdcxapagm is a spider, so bdcxapagm is not more likely to graze than cdygwtihwqz
xkbkqt is a sheep, qixgrjkm is a spider, so qixgrjkm is not more likely to graze than xkbkqt
uwozca is a bird, suzlvqjtsw is a zebra, so uwozca is more likely to be on a roof than suzlvqjtsw
itowlqsac is a bird, ojxjtaatpuvv is a zebra, so itowlqsac is more likely to be on a roof than ojxjtaatpuvv
juouzlw is a bird, xylepingbqau is a zebra, so juouzlw is more likely to be on a roof than xylepingbqau
jmhiysyeu is a bird, mgk is a zebra, so jmhiysyeu is more likely to be on a roof than mgk
yqsqpeguxe is a bird, mketh is a zebra, so yqsqpeguxe is more likely to be on a roof than mketh
uwozca is a bird, suzlvqjtsw is a zebra, so suzlvqjtsw is less likely to be on a roof than uwozca
itowlqsac is a bird, ojxjtaatpuvv is a zebra, so ojxjtaatpuvv is less likely to be on a roof than itowlqsac
juouzlw is a bird, xylepingbqau is a zebra, so xylepingbqau is less likely to be on a roof than juouzlw
jmhiysyeu is a bird, mgk is a zebra, so mgk is less likely to be on a roof than jmhiysyeu
yqsqpeguxe is a bird, mketh is a zebra, so mketh is less likely to be on a roof than yqsqpeguxe
xpcrijzrwufq is a bird, rsho is a zebra, so xpcrijzrwufq is not less likely to be on a roof than rsho
ihklwhgu is a bird, qaltoyfvln is a zebra, so ihklwhgu is not less likely to be on a roof than qaltoyfvln
sstownxzadt is a bird, coat is a zebra, so sstownxzadt is not less likely to be on a roof than coat
qxuplp is a bird, tlfpbyy is a zebra, so qxuplp is not less likely to be on a roof than tlfpbyy
hmvbciwf is a bird, wqfyqckf is a zebra, so hmvbciwf is not less likely to be on a roof than wqfyqckf
rsho is a bird, xpcrijzrwufq is a zebra, so xpcrijzrwufq is not more likely to be on a roof than rsho
qaltoyfvln is a bird, ihklwhgu is a zebra, so ihklwhgu is not more likely to be on a roof than qaltoyfvln
coat is a bird, sstownxzadt is a zebra, so sstownxzadt is not more likely to be on a roof than coat
tlfpbyy is a bird, qxuplp is a zebra, so qxuplp is not more likely to be on a roof than tlfpbyy
wqfyqckf is a bird, hmvbciwf is a zebra, so hmvbciwf is not more likely to be on a roof than wqfyqckf
rfflspbejj is a bird, nwseoxnlnobv is a dog, so rfflspbejj is more likely to sing than nwseoxnlnobv
wmkyj is a bird, lsecnxm is a dog, so wmkyj is more likely to sing than lsecnxm
uuk is a bird, zohweyzmc is a dog, so uuk is more likely to sing than zohweyzmc
dhqrwlgvlz is a bird, kravlgev is a dog, so dhqrwlgvlz is more likely to sing than kravlgev
xxtb is a bird, bgyjcigmmhqz is a dog, so xxtb is more likely to sing than bgyjcigmmhqz
rfflspbejj is a bird, nwseoxnlnobv is a dog, so nwseoxnlnobv is less likely to sing than rfflspbejj
wmkyj is a bird, lsecnxm is a dog, so lsecnxm is less likely to sing than wmkyj
uuk is a bird, zohweyzmc is a dog, so zohweyzmc is less likely to sing than uuk
dhqrwlgvlz is a bird, kravlgev is a dog, so kravlgev is less likely to sing than dhqrwlgvlz
xxtb is a bird, bgyjcigmmhqz is a dog, so bgyjcigmmhqz is less likely to sing than xxtb
xrlgsmm is a bird, susr is a dog, so xrlgsmm is not less likely to sing than susr
ykkjeecx is a bird, tpoertw is a dog, so ykkjeecx is not less likely to sing than tpoertw
esqs is a bird, lnijvhsxdmkx is a dog, so esqs is not less likely to sing than lnijvhsxdmkx
mhwc is a bird, kdgzertlpqky is a dog, so mhwc is not less likely to sing than kdgzertlpqky
gnupym is a bird, aihmuib is a dog, so gnupym is not less likely to sing than aihmuib
susr is a bird, xrlgsmm is a dog, so xrlgsmm is not more likely to sing than susr
tpoertw is a bird, ykkjeecx is a dog, so ykkjeecx is not more likely to sing than tpoertw
lnijvhsxdmkx is a bird, esqs is a dog, so esqs is not more likely to sing than lnijvhsxdmkx
kdgzertlpqky is a bird, mhwc is a dog, so mhwc is not more likely to sing than kdgzertlpqky
aihmuib is a bird, gnupym is a dog, so gnupym is not more likely to sing than aihmuib
mbhukex is a rabbit, bvy is a lion, so mbhukex is more likely to appear suddenly than bvy
guodxek is a rabbit, subcdhlvl is a lion, so guodxek is more likely to appear suddenly than subcdhlvl
hvbvciq is a rabbit, aqvy is a lion, so hvbvciq is more likely to appear suddenly than aqvy
sivalztcccev is a rabbit, uiqpfgfucgmo is a lion, so sivalztcccev is more likely to appear suddenly than uiqpfgfucgmo
ejdnltinodjv is a rabbit, ghktfwy is a lion, so ejdnltinodjv is more likely to appear suddenly than ghktfwy
mbhukex is a rabbit, bvy is a lion, so bvy is less likely to appear suddenly than mbhukex
guodxek is a rabbit, subcdhlvl is a lion, so subcdhlvl is less likely to appear suddenly than guodxek
hvbvciq is a rabbit, aqvy is a lion, so aqvy is less likely to appear suddenly than hvbvciq
sivalztcccev is a rabbit, uiqpfgfucgmo is a lion, so uiqpfgfucgmo is less likely to appear suddenly than sivalztcccev
ejdnltinodjv is a rabbit, ghktfwy is a lion, so ghktfwy is less likely to appear suddenly than ejdnltinodjv
szsnls is a rabbit, znluacfireb is a lion, so szsnls is not less likely to appear suddenly than znluacfireb
qwqqtvh is a rabbit, coqruzvzkm is a lion, so qwqqtvh is not less likely to appear suddenly than coqruzvzkm
naolfgq is a rabbit, dlnpycjwekk is a lion, so naolfgq is not less likely to appear suddenly than dlnpycjwekk
sekoiic is a rabbit, lii is a lion, so sekoiic is not less likely to appear suddenly than lii
yhazpzbxzfjm is a rabbit, sxwweovul is a lion, so yhazpzbxzfjm is not less likely to appear suddenly than sxwweovul
znluacfireb is a rabbit, szsnls is a lion, so szsnls is not more likely to appear suddenly than znluacfireb
coqruzvzkm is a rabbit, qwqqtvh is a lion, so qwqqtvh is not more likely to appear suddenly than coqruzvzkm
dlnpycjwekk is a rabbit, naolfgq is a lion, so naolfgq is not more likely to appear suddenly than dlnpycjwekk
lii is a rabbit, sekoiic is a lion, so sekoiic is not more likely to appear suddenly than lii
sxwweovul is a rabbit, yhazpzbxzfjm is a lion, so yhazpzbxzfjm is not more likely to appear suddenly than sxwweovul
dhkvizuzwibd is a horse, ugw is a kangaroo, so dhkvizuzwibd is more likely to step high than ugw
wtbtva is a horse, yochva is a kangaroo, so wtbtva is more likely to step high than yochva
knuuwudsf is a horse, rvizqahdchh is a kangaroo, so knuuwudsf is more likely to step high than rvizqahdchh
unhnxvl is a horse, iijnxiwph is a kangaroo, so unhnxvl is more likely to step high than iijnxiwph
qieyzopu is a horse, kvzukgs is a kangaroo, so qieyzopu is more likely to step high than kvzukgs
dhkvizuzwibd is a horse, ugw is a kangaroo, so ugw is less likely to step high than dhkvizuzwibd
wtbtva is a horse, yochva is a kangaroo, so yochva is less likely to step high than wtbtva
knuuwudsf is a horse, rvizqahdchh is a kangaroo, so rvizqahdchh is less likely to step high than knuuwudsf
unhnxvl is a horse, iijnxiwph is a kangaroo, so iijnxiwph is less likely to step high than unhnxvl
qieyzopu is a horse, kvzukgs is a kangaroo, so kvzukgs is less likely to step high than qieyzopu
jywpw is a horse, ajqmnraepm is a kangaroo, so jywpw is not less step high than ajqmnraepm
tgme is a horse, wzfbh is a kangaroo, so tgme is not less step high than wzfbh
najeo is a horse, isv is a kangaroo, so najeo is not less step high than isv
kusgr is a horse, livmy is a kangaroo, so kusgr is not less step high than livmy
mlvuypj is a horse, nlfjmqxmhyq is a kangaroo, so mlvuypj is not less step high than nlfjmqxmhyq
ajqmnraepm is a horse, jywpw is a kangaroo, so jywpw is not more step high than ajqmnraepm
wzfbh is a horse, tgme is a kangaroo, so tgme is not more step high than wzfbh
isv is a horse, najeo is a kangaroo, so najeo is not more step high than isv
livmy is a horse, kusgr is a kangaroo, so kusgr is not more step high than livmy
nlfjmqxmhyq is a horse, mlvuypj is a kangaroo, so mlvuypj is not more step high than nlfjmqxmhyq
vcyvxtcvas is a lion, wws is a eagle, so vcyvxtcvas is more likely to be on the veldt than wws
lwoethejrn is a lion, diulkgi is a eagle, so lwoethejrn is more likely to be on the veldt than diulkgi
kuhkweqg is a lion, rzzncti is a eagle, so kuhkweqg is more likely to be on the veldt than rzzncti
bovyycmuljtb is a lion, jqilkkijny is a eagle, so bovyycmuljtb is more likely to be on the veldt than jqilkkijny
wcxdit is a lion, baqth is a eagle, so wcxdit is more likely to be on the veldt than baqth
vcyvxtcvas is a lion, wws is a eagle, so wws is less likely to be in the veldt than vcyvxtcvas
lwoethejrn is a lion, diulkgi is a eagle, so diulkgi is less likely to be in the veldt than lwoethejrn
kuhkweqg is a lion, rzzncti is a eagle, so rzzncti is less likely to be in the veldt than kuhkweqg
bovyycmuljtb is a lion, jqilkkijny is a eagle, so jqilkkijny is less likely to be in the veldt than bovyycmuljtb
wcxdit is a lion, baqth is a eagle, so baqth is less likely to be in the veldt than wcxdit
xxiobjqtfr is a lion, ijtdztuibsku is a eagle, so xxiobjqtfr is not less likely to be in the veld than ijtdztuibsku
mgcuuebfuvf is a lion, xvchfpv is a eagle, so mgcuuebfuvf is not less likely to be in the veld than xvchfpv
ldammbdhwa is a lion, jej is a eagle, so ldammbdhwa is not less likely to be in the veld than jej
asmqg is a lion, nvwzgsyl is a eagle, so asmqg is not less likely to be in the veld than nvwzgsyl
chyjihxtas is a lion, dlhdgg is a eagle, so chyjihxtas is not less likely to be in the veld than dlhdgg
ijtdztuibsku is a lion, xxiobjqtfr is a eagle, so xxiobjqtfr is not more likely to be in the veld than ijtdztuibsku
xvchfpv is a lion, mgcuuebfuvf is a eagle, so mgcuuebfuvf is not more likely to be in the veld than xvchfpv
jej is a lion, ldammbdhwa is a eagle, so ldammbdhwa is not more likely to be in the veld than jej
nvwzgsyl is a lion, asmqg is a eagle, so asmqg is not more likely to be in the veld than nvwzgsyl
dlhdgg is a lion, chyjihxtas is a eagle, so chyjihxtas is not more likely to be in the veld than dlhdgg
xpyvhejbx is a cow, xswtmmpyung is a panda, so xpyvhejbx is more likely to be in a slaughter house than xswtmmpyung
xezqwlmpqkpl is a cow, lhmkbrwruhuz is a panda, so xezqwlmpqkpl is more likely to be in a slaughter house than lhmkbrwruhuz
bbsoifwjnuc is a cow, jsd is a panda, so bbsoifwjnuc is more likely to be in a slaughter house than jsd
ghzwliipicf is a cow, rgsyai is a panda, so ghzwliipicf is more likely to be in a slaughter house than rgsyai
aynrphlkwxlw is a cow, xujybzs is a panda, so aynrphlkwxlw is more likely to be in a slaughter house than xujybzs
xpyvhejbx is a cow, xswtmmpyung is a panda, so xswtmmpyung is less likely to be in a slaughter house than xpyvhejbx
xezqwlmpqkpl is a cow, lhmkbrwruhuz is a panda, so lhmkbrwruhuz is less likely to be in a slaughter house than xezqwlmpqkpl
bbsoifwjnuc is a cow, jsd is a panda, so jsd is less likely to be in a slaughter house than bbsoifwjnuc
ghzwliipicf is a cow, rgsyai is a panda, so rgsyai is less likely to be in a slaughter house than ghzwliipicf
aynrphlkwxlw is a cow, xujybzs is a panda, so xujybzs is less likely to be in a slaughter house than aynrphlkwxlw
swlcu is a cow, ywtao is a panda, so swlcu is not less likely to be in a slaughter house than ywtao
folbgsuyos is a cow, exyiexrbpc is a panda, so folbgsuyos is not less likely to be in a slaughter house than exyiexrbpc
xesqp is a cow, kbpooqxee is a panda, so xesqp is not less likely to be in a slaughter house than kbpooqxee
taxyxlhbvem is a cow, uxvrs is a panda, so taxyxlhbvem is not less likely to be in a slaughter house than uxvrs
boo is a cow, tmjzklje is a panda, so boo is not less likely to be in a slaughter house than tmjzklje
ywtao is a cow, swlcu is a panda, so swlcu is not more likely to be in a slaughter house than ywtao
exyiexrbpc is a cow, folbgsuyos is a panda, so folbgsuyos is not more likely to be in a slaughter house than exyiexrbpc
kbpooqxee is a cow, xesqp is a panda, so xesqp is not more likely to be in a slaughter house than kbpooqxee
uxvrs is a cow, taxyxlhbvem is a panda, so taxyxlhbvem is not more likely to be in a slaughter house than uxvrs
tmjzklje is a cow, boo is a panda, so boo is not more likely to be in a slaughter house than tmjzklje
iqk is a cow, ypbtrtuwrpht is a snail, so iqk is more likely to jump over the moon than ypbtrtuwrpht
smukgs is a cow, codlxvdxyn is a snail, so smukgs is more likely to jump over the moon than codlxvdxyn
ugyajvgzhvjz is a cow, thhxpzvqjw is a snail, so ugyajvgzhvjz is more likely to jump over the moon than thhxpzvqjw
skzbubzfiicy is a cow, rfvvqag is a snail, so skzbubzfiicy is more likely to jump over the moon than rfvvqag
sntudjgwbutw is a cow, axcydewx is a snail, so sntudjgwbutw is more likely to jump over the moon than axcydewx
iqk is a cow, ypbtrtuwrpht is a snail, so ypbtrtuwrpht is less likely to jump over the moon than iqk
smukgs is a cow, codlxvdxyn is a snail, so codlxvdxyn is less likely to jump over the moon than smukgs
ugyajvgzhvjz is a cow, thhxpzvqjw is a snail, so thhxpzvqjw is less likely to jump over the moon than ugyajvgzhvjz
skzbubzfiicy is a cow, rfvvqag is a snail, so rfvvqag is less likely to jump over the moon than skzbubzfiicy
sntudjgwbutw is a cow, axcydewx is a snail, so axcydewx is less likely to jump over the moon than sntudjgwbutw
dliw is a cow, oity is a snail, so dliw is not more likely to jump over the moon than oity
nuuah is a cow, wtszwecsvd is a snail, so nuuah is not more likely to jump over the moon than wtszwecsvd
pqpcezhzhe is a cow, ltweo is a snail, so pqpcezhzhe is not more likely to jump over the moon than ltweo
mdz is a cow, xrcbjbanbp is a snail, so mdz is not more likely to jump over the moon than xrcbjbanbp
jkebuul is a cow, oag is a snail, so jkebuul is not more likely to jump over the moon than oag
oity is a cow, dliw is a snail, so dliw is not more likely to jump over the moon than oity
wtszwecsvd is a cow, nuuah is a snail, so nuuah is not more likely to jump over the moon than wtszwecsvd
ltweo is a cow, pqpcezhzhe is a snail, so pqpcezhzhe is not more likely to jump over the moon than ltweo
xrcbjbanbp is a cow, mdz is a snail, so mdz is not more likely to jump over the moon than xrcbjbanbp
oag is a cow, jkebuul is a snail, so jkebuul is not more likely to jump over the moon than oag
lfkx is a fox, zjswenvpi is a fish, so lfkx is more likely to be in the foxhunt than zjswenvpi
wyzonu is a fox, yrrqwkkigedm is a fish, so wyzonu is more likely to be in the foxhunt than yrrqwkkigedm
gkr is a fox, ldsk is a fish, so gkr is more likely to be in the foxhunt than ldsk
ncrum is a fox, fixphgahookn is a fish, so ncrum is more likely to be in the foxhunt than fixphgahookn
cgopm is a fox, ufkhjdmpvvzp is a fish, so cgopm is more likely to be in the foxhunt than ufkhjdmpvvzp
lfkx is a fox, zjswenvpi is a fish, so zjswenvpi is less likely to be in the foxhunt than lfkx
wyzonu is a fox, yrrqwkkigedm is a fish, so yrrqwkkigedm is less likely to be in the foxhunt than wyzonu
gkr is a fox, ldsk is a fish, so ldsk is less likely to be in the foxhunt than gkr
ncrum is a fox, fixphgahookn is a fish, so fixphgahookn is less likely to be in the foxhunt than ncrum
cgopm is a fox, ufkhjdmpvvzp is a fish, so ufkhjdmpvvzp is less likely to be in the foxhunt than cgopm
pqhuk is a fox, kvtzqm is a fish, so pqhuk is not less likely to be in the foxhunt than kvtzqm
rmbhscvmed is a fox, ccouqemszx is a fish, so rmbhscvmed is not less likely to be in the foxhunt than ccouqemszx
tzpiftho is a fox, vhsni is a fish, so tzpiftho is not less likely to be in the foxhunt than vhsni
rvdqwdtz is a fox, bcvx is a fish, so rvdqwdtz is not less likely to be in the foxhunt than bcvx
guy is a fox, vuaoxtn is a fish, so guy is not less likely to be in the foxhunt than vuaoxtn
kvtzqm is a fox, pqhuk is a fish, so pqhuk is not more likely to be in the foxhunt than kvtzqm
ccouqemszx is a fox, rmbhscvmed is a fish, so rmbhscvmed is not more likely to be in the foxhunt than ccouqemszx
vhsni is a fox, tzpiftho is a fish, so tzpiftho is not more likely to be in the foxhunt than vhsni
bcvx is a fox, rvdqwdtz is a fish, so rvdqwdtz is not more likely to be in the foxhunt than bcvx
vuaoxtn is a fox, guy is a fish, so guy is not more likely to be in the foxhunt than vuaoxtn
rvjmpzaesoar is a lion, rcicw is a rat, so rvjmpzaesoar will sound more scary than rcicw
uvinmvjjnrkd is a lion, xuc is a rat, so uvinmvjjnrkd will sound more scary than xuc
lxbk is a lion, dgaceddbsgqj is a rat, so lxbk will sound more scary than dgaceddbsgqj
uvyjzj is a lion, xra is a rat, so uvyjzj will sound more scary than xra
fxniztvbn is a lion, pjoygbltc is a rat, so fxniztvbn will sound more scary than pjoygbltc
rvjmpzaesoar is a lion, rcicw is a rat, so rcicw should sound less scary than rvjmpzaesoar
uvinmvjjnrkd is a lion, xuc is a rat, so xuc should sound less scary than uvinmvjjnrkd
lxbk is a lion, dgaceddbsgqj is a rat, so dgaceddbsgqj should sound less scary than lxbk
uvyjzj is a lion, xra is a rat, so xra should sound less scary than uvyjzj
fxniztvbn is a lion, pjoygbltc is a rat, so pjoygbltc should sound less scary than fxniztvbn
wrnaacndnm is a lion, jjmjlyutt is a rat, so wrnaacndnm is not less scary than jjmjlyutt
uvpx is a lion, qhjnt is a rat, so uvpx is not less scary than qhjnt
buzpfqmhknrl is a lion, rkz is a rat, so buzpfqmhknrl is not less scary than rkz
mlfhvcyebec is a lion, elgwagbxtcab is a rat, so mlfhvcyebec is not less scary than elgwagbxtcab
wdgbtci is a lion, vmeda is a rat, so wdgbtci is not less scary than vmeda
jjmjlyutt is a lion, wrnaacndnm is a rat, so wrnaacndnm is not more scary than jjmjlyutt
qhjnt is a lion, uvpx is a rat, so uvpx is not more scary than qhjnt
rkz is a lion, buzpfqmhknrl is a rat, so buzpfqmhknrl is not more scary than rkz
elgwagbxtcab is a lion, mlfhvcyebec is a rat, so mlfhvcyebec is not more scary than elgwagbxtcab
vmeda is a lion, wdgbtci is a rat, so wdgbtci is not more scary than vmeda
doisbfq is a goat, vsrto is a wolf, so doisbfq is more likely to be in the barn than vsrto
eneztvsyje is a goat, znbbgt is a wolf, so eneztvsyje is more likely to be in the barn than znbbgt
vlar is a goat, nwpgusoofog is a wolf, so vlar is more likely to be in the barn than nwpgusoofog
nebkjxyh is a goat, dmhhfjgsa is a wolf, so nebkjxyh is more likely to be in the barn than dmhhfjgsa
mrtzrqtpiqu is a goat, ljoavx is a wolf, so mrtzrqtpiqu is more likely to be in the barn than ljoavx
doisbfq is a goat, vsrto is a wolf, so vsrto is less likely to be in the barn than doisbfq
eneztvsyje is a goat, znbbgt is a wolf, so znbbgt is less likely to be in the barn than eneztvsyje
vlar is a goat, nwpgusoofog is a wolf, so nwpgusoofog is less likely to be in the barn than vlar
nebkjxyh is a goat, dmhhfjgsa is a wolf, so dmhhfjgsa is less likely to be in the barn than nebkjxyh
mrtzrqtpiqu is a goat, ljoavx is a wolf, so ljoavx is less likely to be in the barn than mrtzrqtpiqu
pydmzjyprtb is a goat, ebufztv is a wolf, so pydmzjyprtb is not less likely to be in the barn than ebufztv
yqxjztgs is a goat, zdc is a wolf, so yqxjztgs is not less likely to be in the barn than zdc
mgnkc is a goat, bvp is a wolf, so mgnkc is not less likely to be in the barn than bvp
qirh is a goat, nfji is a wolf, so qirh is not less likely to be in the barn than nfji
pifcecrxmlhi is a goat, fljcevnsrey is a wolf, so pifcecrxmlhi is not less likely to be in the barn than fljcevnsrey
ebufztv is a goat, pydmzjyprtb is a wolf, so pydmzjyprtb is not more likely to be in the barn than ebufztv
zdc is a goat, yqxjztgs is a wolf, so yqxjztgs is not more likely to be in the barn than zdc
bvp is a goat, mgnkc is a wolf, so mgnkc is not more likely to be in the barn than bvp
nfji is a goat, qirh is a wolf, so qirh is not more likely to be in the barn than nfji
fljcevnsrey is a goat, pifcecrxmlhi is a wolf, so pifcecrxmlhi is not more likely to be in the barn than fljcevnsrey
cbzjtruonjnn is a squirrel, zlnnuvbk is a panda, so cbzjtruonjnn is more likely to store nuts than zlnnuvbk
ylzdip is a squirrel, rbd is a panda, so ylzdip is more likely to store nuts than rbd
gzxqpxieuz is a squirrel, yclsxtixhsw is a panda, so gzxqpxieuz is more likely to store nuts than yclsxtixhsw
ocfa is a squirrel, katw is a panda, so ocfa is more likely to store nuts than katw
ddctidnzv is a squirrel, lqoos is a panda, so ddctidnzv is more likely to store nuts than lqoos
cbzjtruonjnn is a squirrel, zlnnuvbk is a panda, so zlnnuvbk is less likely to store nuts than cbzjtruonjnn
ylzdip is a squirrel, rbd is a panda, so rbd is less likely to store nuts than ylzdip
gzxqpxieuz is a squirrel, yclsxtixhsw is a panda, so yclsxtixhsw is less likely to store nuts than gzxqpxieuz
ocfa is a squirrel, katw is a panda, so katw is less likely to store nuts than ocfa
ddctidnzv is a squirrel, lqoos is a panda, so lqoos is less likely to store nuts than ddctidnzv
nmoel is a squirrel, jtubqt is a panda, so nmoel is not less likely to store nuts than jtubqt
wlzkdtps is a squirrel, ewiauddz is a panda, so wlzkdtps is not less likely to store nuts than ewiauddz
diqueyfegasd is a squirrel, pwt is a panda, so diqueyfegasd is not less likely to store nuts than pwt
kblymbnsnhp is a squirrel, tfqbmgol is a panda, so kblymbnsnhp is not less likely to store nuts than tfqbmgol
wrvorrzpeft is a squirrel, wjuwrwfchs is a panda, so wrvorrzpeft is not less likely to store nuts than wjuwrwfchs
jtubqt is a squirrel, nmoel is a panda, so nmoel is not more likely to store nuts than jtubqt
ewiauddz is a squirrel, wlzkdtps is a panda, so wlzkdtps is not more likely to store nuts than ewiauddz
pwt is a squirrel, diqueyfegasd is a panda, so diqueyfegasd is not more likely to store nuts than pwt
tfqbmgol is a squirrel, kblymbnsnhp is a panda, so kblymbnsnhp is not more likely to store nuts than tfqbmgol
wjuwrwfchs is a squirrel, wrvorrzpeft is a panda, so wrvorrzpeft is not more likely to store nuts than wjuwrwfchs
wahtvnob is a frog, sfovavzio is a seal, so wahtvnob is more likely to be on the lawn than sfovavzio
oourkhdz is a frog, unqjomp is a seal, so oourkhdz is more likely to be on the lawn than unqjomp
ycsojpptl is a frog, xkcexupxoevv is a seal, so ycsojpptl is more likely to be on the lawn than xkcexupxoevv
syncscznh is a frog, jsbzg is a seal, so syncscznh is more likely to be on the lawn than jsbzg
pkrnns is a frog, yojdds is a seal, so pkrnns is more likely to be on the lawn than yojdds
wahtvnob is a frog, sfovavzio is a seal, so sfovavzio is less likely to be on the lawn than wahtvnob
oourkhdz is a frog, unqjomp is a seal, so unqjomp is less likely to be on the lawn than oourkhdz
ycsojpptl is a frog, xkcexupxoevv is a seal, so xkcexupxoevv is less likely to be on the lawn than ycsojpptl
syncscznh is a frog, jsbzg is a seal, so jsbzg is less likely to be on the lawn than syncscznh
pkrnns is a frog, yojdds is a seal, so yojdds is less likely to be on the lawn than pkrnns
okeg is a frog, hbrwej is a seal, so okeg is not less likely to be on the lawn than hbrwej
hctelpdvqtr is a frog, vvcjaluttd is a seal, so hctelpdvqtr is not less likely to be on the lawn than vvcjaluttd
xjylwoy is a frog, tayaxc is a seal, so xjylwoy is not less likely to be on the lawn than tayaxc
ccah is a frog, elcugwqlqc is a seal, so ccah is not less likely to be on the lawn than elcugwqlqc
vimc is a frog, vmdrtwmlw is a seal, so vimc is not less likely to be on the lawn than vmdrtwmlw
hbrwej is a frog, okeg is a seal, so okeg is not more likely to be on the lawn than hbrwej
vvcjaluttd is a frog, hctelpdvqtr is a seal, so hctelpdvqtr is not more likely to be on the lawn than vvcjaluttd
tayaxc is a frog, xjylwoy is a seal, so xjylwoy is not more likely to be on the lawn than tayaxc
elcugwqlqc is a frog, ccah is a seal, so ccah is not more likely to be on the lawn than elcugwqlqc
vmdrtwmlw is a frog, vimc is a seal, so vimc is not more likely to be on the lawn than vmdrtwmlw
mkqebu is a elephant, hgygsspyc is a sheep, so mkqebu is more likely to weight 1000 kilos than hgygsspyc
tyghdm is a elephant, kltysstuz is a sheep, so tyghdm is more likely to weight 1000 kilos than kltysstuz
gdtq is a elephant, wneukf is a sheep, so gdtq is more likely to weight 1000 kilos than wneukf
voxkfk is a elephant, ekrfmh is a sheep, so voxkfk is more likely to weight 1000 kilos than ekrfmh
cnern is a elephant, sivgbfyqum is a sheep, so cnern is more likely to weight 1000 kilos than sivgbfyqum
mkqebu is a elephant, hgygsspyc is a sheep, so hgygsspyc is less likely to weight 1000 kilos than mkqebu
tyghdm is a elephant, kltysstuz is a sheep, so kltysstuz is less likely to weight 1000 kilos than tyghdm
gdtq is a elephant, wneukf is a sheep, so wneukf is less likely to weight 1000 kilos than gdtq
voxkfk is a elephant, ekrfmh is a sheep, so ekrfmh is less likely to weight 1000 kilos than voxkfk
cnern is a elephant, sivgbfyqum is a sheep, so sivgbfyqum is less likely to weight 1000 kilos than cnern
dyebourwoydx is a elephant, zvg is a sheep, so dyebourwoydx is not less weight than zvg
ymqxhdq is a elephant, cpfttagtkd is a sheep, so ymqxhdq is not less weight than cpfttagtkd
uwzjvud is a elephant, qmj is a sheep, so uwzjvud is not less weight than qmj
cbanxy is a elephant, wyeegx is a sheep, so cbanxy is not less weight than wyeegx
fuokib is a elephant, nrfszze is a sheep, so fuokib is not less weight than nrfszze
zvg is a elephant, dyebourwoydx is a sheep, so dyebourwoydx is not more likely to weight 1000 kilos than zvg
cpfttagtkd is a elephant, ymqxhdq is a sheep, so ymqxhdq is not more likely to weight 1000 kilos than cpfttagtkd
qmj is a elephant, uwzjvud is a sheep, so uwzjvud is not more likely to weight 1000 kilos than qmj
wyeegx is a elephant, cbanxy is a sheep, so cbanxy is not more likely to weight 1000 kilos than wyeegx
nrfszze is a elephant, fuokib is a sheep, so fuokib is not more likely to weight 1000 kilos than nrfszze
sojsgarwvq is a snake, cfqk is a seal, so sojsgarwvq is more likely to be in a ditch than cfqk
noxg is a snake, uzljynpdw is a seal, so noxg is more likely to be in a ditch than uzljynpdw
nhtmcvhrhmx is a snake, stzhkbnxatqd is a seal, so nhtmcvhrhmx is more likely to be in a ditch than stzhkbnxatqd
qlch is a snake, oymjlsubapr is a seal, so qlch is more likely to be in a ditch than oymjlsubapr
wrbgo is a snake, rjrr is a seal, so wrbgo is more likely to be in a ditch than rjrr
sojsgarwvq is a snake, cfqk is a seal, so cfqk is less likely to be in a ditch than sojsgarwvq
noxg is a snake, uzljynpdw is a seal, so uzljynpdw is less likely to be in a ditch than noxg
nhtmcvhrhmx is a snake, stzhkbnxatqd is a seal, so stzhkbnxatqd is less likely to be in a ditch than nhtmcvhrhmx
qlch is a snake, oymjlsubapr is a seal, so oymjlsubapr is less likely to be in a ditch than qlch
wrbgo is a snake, rjrr is a seal, so rjrr is less likely to be in a ditch than wrbgo
entwiatbkce is a snake, ffc is a seal, so entwiatbkce is not less likely to be in a ditch than ffc
seqjz is a snake, gxepjjizpjc is a seal, so seqjz is not less likely to be in a ditch than gxepjjizpjc
bglkfyl is a snake, qhxz is a seal, so bglkfyl is not less likely to be in a ditch than qhxz
xsptmvcl is a snake, qtezyo is a seal, so xsptmvcl is not less likely to be in a ditch than qtezyo
ocsypgwdg is a snake, vpnfz is a seal, so ocsypgwdg is not less likely to be in a ditch than vpnfz
ffc is a snake, entwiatbkce is a seal, so entwiatbkce is not more likely to be in a ditch than ffc
gxepjjizpjc is a snake, seqjz is a seal, so seqjz is not more likely to be in a ditch than gxepjjizpjc
qhxz is a snake, bglkfyl is a seal, so bglkfyl is not more likely to be in a ditch than qhxz
qtezyo is a snake, xsptmvcl is a seal, so xsptmvcl is not more likely to be in a ditch than qtezyo
vpnfz is a snake, ocsypgwdg is a seal, so ocsypgwdg is not more likely to be in a ditch than vpnfz
vckuepmfqsw is a chicken, ninnfouj is a squirrel, so vckuepmfqsw is more likely to be reheated in the microwave than ninnfouj
vzgalpouqs is a chicken, tqirsu is a squirrel, so vzgalpouqs is more likely to be reheated in the microwave than tqirsu
prwegr is a chicken, euidjk is a squirrel, so prwegr is more likely to be reheated in the microwave than euidjk
xttom is a chicken, izoripwrdcet is a squirrel, so xttom is more likely to be reheated in the microwave than izoripwrdcet
nmyaioshzuzv is a chicken, fnyanqiprz is a squirrel, so nmyaioshzuzv is more likely to be reheated in the microwave than fnyanqiprz
vckuepmfqsw is a chicken, ninnfouj is a squirrel, so ninnfouj is less likely to be reheated in the microwave than vckuepmfqsw
vzgalpouqs is a chicken, tqirsu is a squirrel, so tqirsu is less likely to be reheated in the microwave than vzgalpouqs
prwegr is a chicken, euidjk is a squirrel, so euidjk is less likely to be reheated in the microwave than prwegr
xttom is a chicken, izoripwrdcet is a squirrel, so izoripwrdcet is less likely to be reheated in the microwave than xttom
nmyaioshzuzv is a chicken, fnyanqiprz is a squirrel, so fnyanqiprz is less likely to be reheated in the microwave than nmyaioshzuzv
gukjympqpxz is a chicken, gajowrylpl is a squirrel, so gukjympqpxz is not less likely to be reheated in the microwave than gajowrylpl
ejiqqug is a chicken, zgdzchu is a squirrel, so ejiqqug is not less likely to be reheated in the microwave than zgdzchu
lvwlaclomvw is a chicken, zbnoonpasn is a squirrel, so lvwlaclomvw is not less likely to be reheated in the microwave than zbnoonpasn
lavkqauu is a chicken, fmtwpy is a squirrel, so lavkqauu is not less likely to be reheated in the microwave than fmtwpy
yalgr is a chicken, tvqqkqiogcdk is a squirrel, so yalgr is not less likely to be reheated in the microwave than tvqqkqiogcdk
gajowrylpl is a chicken, gukjympqpxz is a squirrel, so gukjympqpxz is not more likely to be reheated in the microwave than gajowrylpl
zgdzchu is a chicken, ejiqqug is a squirrel, so ejiqqug is not more likely to be reheated in the microwave than zgdzchu
zbnoonpasn is a chicken, lvwlaclomvw is a squirrel, so lvwlaclomvw is not more likely to be reheated in the microwave than zbnoonpasn
fmtwpy is a chicken, lavkqauu is a squirrel, so lavkqauu is not more likely to be reheated in the microwave than fmtwpy
tvqqkqiogcdk is a chicken, yalgr is a squirrel, so yalgr is not more likely to be reheated in the microwave than tvqqkqiogcdk
qjrw is a dog, yymgwqo is a lion, so qjrw is more likely to mark its territory than yymgwqo
zvnhclr is a dog, ljgaxopduecg is a lion, so zvnhclr is more likely to mark its territory than ljgaxopduecg
muscwtrjitum is a dog, uekopdrmqojs is a lion, so muscwtrjitum is more likely to mark its territory than uekopdrmqojs
lkfe is a dog, woymzhyhcbxv is a lion, so lkfe is more likely to mark its territory than woymzhyhcbxv
dpj is a dog, zzhmicd is a lion, so dpj is more likely to mark its territory than zzhmicd
qjrw is a dog, yymgwqo is a lion, so yymgwqo is more likely to mark its territory than qjrw
zvnhclr is a dog, ljgaxopduecg is a lion, so ljgaxopduecg is more likely to mark its territory than zvnhclr
muscwtrjitum is a dog, uekopdrmqojs is a lion, so uekopdrmqojs is more likely to mark its territory than muscwtrjitum
lkfe is a dog, woymzhyhcbxv is a lion, so woymzhyhcbxv is more likely to mark its territory than lkfe
dpj is a dog, zzhmicd is a lion, so zzhmicd is more likely to mark its territory than dpj
pnx is a dog, ekkjuty is a lion, so pnx is not less likely to mark its territory than ekkjuty
aaayjstmyx is a dog, ijlyg is a lion, so aaayjstmyx is not less likely to mark its territory than ijlyg
nbqfzvrsdwj is a dog, kiituidpu is a lion, so nbqfzvrsdwj is not less likely to mark its territory than kiituidpu
kfzoude is a dog, clrrk is a lion, so kfzoude is not less likely to mark its territory than clrrk
kidep is a dog, itbsckpmg is a lion, so kidep is not less likely to mark its territory than itbsckpmg
ekkjuty is a dog, pnx is a lion, so pnx is not more likely to mark its territory than ekkjuty
ijlyg is a dog, aaayjstmyx is a lion, so aaayjstmyx is not more likely to mark its territory than ijlyg
kiituidpu is a dog, nbqfzvrsdwj is a lion, so nbqfzvrsdwj is not more likely to mark its territory than kiituidpu
clrrk is a dog, kfzoude is a lion, so kfzoude is not more likely to mark its territory than clrrk
itbsckpmg is a dog, kidep is a lion, so kidep is not more likely to mark its territory than itbsckpmg
lmx is a dog, dvc is a owl, so lmx is more likely to drink water than dvc
yamkp is a dog, jjcupifn is a owl, so yamkp is more likely to drink water than jjcupifn
kgplmur is a dog, zoqcjmzi is a owl, so kgplmur is more likely to drink water than zoqcjmzi
arbw is a dog, qrbjlpfuo is a owl, so arbw is more likely to drink water than qrbjlpfuo
gcsljcclgw is a dog, dkgb is a owl, so gcsljcclgw is more likely to drink water than dkgb
lmx is a dog, dvc is a owl, so dvc is less likely to drink water than lmx
yamkp is a dog, jjcupifn is a owl, so jjcupifn is less likely to drink water than yamkp
kgplmur is a dog, zoqcjmzi is a owl, so zoqcjmzi is less likely to drink water than kgplmur
arbw is a dog, qrbjlpfuo is a owl, so qrbjlpfuo is less likely to drink water than arbw
gcsljcclgw is a dog, dkgb is a owl, so dkgb is less likely to drink water than gcsljcclgw
nozmxs is a dog, nxsrcycehyq is a owl, so nozmxs is not less likely to drink water than nxsrcycehyq
sbthkowr is a dog, ijmhxwcke is a owl, so sbthkowr is not less likely to drink water than ijmhxwcke
huwgmth is a dog, hsjaw is a owl, so huwgmth is not less likely to drink water than hsjaw
kokdf is a dog, wegjacjykag is a owl, so kokdf is not less likely to drink water than wegjacjykag
rbmjsswzr is a dog, xaxiditpah is a owl, so rbmjsswzr is not less likely to drink water than xaxiditpah
nxsrcycehyq is a dog, nozmxs is a owl, so nozmxs is not more likely to drink water than nxsrcycehyq
ijmhxwcke is a dog, sbthkowr is a owl, so sbthkowr is not more likely to drink water than ijmhxwcke
hsjaw is a dog, huwgmth is a owl, so huwgmth is not more likely to drink water than hsjaw
wegjacjykag is a dog, kokdf is a owl, so kokdf is not more likely to drink water than wegjacjykag
xaxiditpah is a dog, rbmjsswzr is a owl, so rbmjsswzr is not more likely to drink water than xaxiditpah
xqqzlkrxdie is a fish, wxmucgpde is a spider, so xqqzlkrxdie is more likely to live in lakes than wxmucgpde
jikmbppm is a fish, ucwitydrmeeq is a spider, so jikmbppm is more likely to live in lakes than ucwitydrmeeq
usfmzqleig is a fish, qslmjroz is a spider, so usfmzqleig is more likely to live in lakes than qslmjroz
syjql is a fish, ryqmsg is a spider, so syjql is more likely to live in lakes than ryqmsg
ldusfkxf is a fish, utev is a spider, so ldusfkxf is more likely to live in lakes than utev
xqqzlkrxdie is a fish, wxmucgpde is a spider, so wxmucgpde is less likely to live in lakes than xqqzlkrxdie
jikmbppm is a fish, ucwitydrmeeq is a spider, so ucwitydrmeeq is less likely to live in lakes than jikmbppm
usfmzqleig is a fish, qslmjroz is a spider, so qslmjroz is less likely to live in lakes than usfmzqleig
syjql is a fish, ryqmsg is a spider, so ryqmsg is less likely to live in lakes than syjql
ldusfkxf is a fish, utev is a spider, so utev is less likely to live in lakes than ldusfkxf
hjagpyaybcuj is a fish, fgj is a spider, so hjagpyaybcuj is not less likely to live in lakes than fgj
iao is a fish, kcts is a spider, so iao is not less likely to live in lakes than kcts
mgo is a fish, rgfiydpcgf is a spider, so mgo is not less likely to live in lakes than rgfiydpcgf
yzs is a fish, btgom is a spider, so yzs is not less likely to live in lakes than btgom
dykocwfwgri is a fish, hvm is a spider, so dykocwfwgri is not less likely to live in lakes than hvm
fgj is a fish, hjagpyaybcuj is a spider, so hjagpyaybcuj is not more likely to live in lakes than fgj
kcts is a fish, iao is a spider, so iao is not more likely to live in lakes than kcts
rgfiydpcgf is a fish, mgo is a spider, so mgo is not more likely to live in lakes than rgfiydpcgf
btgom is a fish, yzs is a spider, so yzs is not more likely to live in lakes than btgom
hvm is a fish, dykocwfwgri is a spider, so dykocwfwgri is not more likely to live in lakes than hvm
epjfcukyuw is a bee, luonrregxz is a camel, so epjfcukyuw is more likely to be in the sky than luonrregxz
qxgnnfod is a bee, dhs is a camel, so qxgnnfod is more likely to be in the sky than dhs
osgfdsns is a bee, ledysacwvcyq is a camel, so osgfdsns is more likely to be in the sky than ledysacwvcyq
syu is a bee, ghx is a camel, so syu is more likely to be in the sky than ghx
tzqctehresz is a bee, kelth is a camel, so tzqctehresz is more likely to be in the sky than kelth
epjfcukyuw is a bee, luonrregxz is a camel, so luonrregxz is less likely to be in the sky than epjfcukyuw
qxgnnfod is a bee, dhs is a camel, so dhs is less likely to be in the sky than qxgnnfod
osgfdsns is a bee, ledysacwvcyq is a camel, so ledysacwvcyq is less likely to be in the sky than osgfdsns
syu is a bee, ghx is a camel, so ghx is less likely to be in the sky than syu
tzqctehresz is a bee, kelth is a camel, so kelth is less likely to be in the sky than tzqctehresz
akpdofbmdgz is a bee, iqphdesu is a camel, so akpdofbmdgz is not less likely to be in the sky than iqphdesu
uerfmcjwnui is a bee, ddjkd is a camel, so uerfmcjwnui is not less likely to be in the sky than ddjkd
fdvekzb is a bee, vcoxuog is a camel, so fdvekzb is not less likely to be in the sky than vcoxuog
rvypxcrayz is a bee, lnmidwkp is a camel, so rvypxcrayz is not less likely to be in the sky than lnmidwkp
agwnwitbpe is a bee, intoxtydstw is a camel, so agwnwitbpe is not less likely to be in the sky than intoxtydstw
iqphdesu is a bee, akpdofbmdgz is a camel, so akpdofbmdgz is not more likely to be in the sky than iqphdesu
ddjkd is a bee, uerfmcjwnui is a camel, so uerfmcjwnui is not more likely to be in the sky than ddjkd
vcoxuog is a bee, fdvekzb is a camel, so fdvekzb is not more likely to be in the sky than vcoxuog
lnmidwkp is a bee, rvypxcrayz is a camel, so rvypxcrayz is not more likely to be in the sky than lnmidwkp
intoxtydstw is a bee, agwnwitbpe is a camel, so agwnwitbpe is not more likely to be in the sky than intoxtydstw
ckbv is a bear, kitlqiop is a horse, so ckbv is less likely to be in a meadow than kitlqiop
hehrrznwj is a bear, jtbqxmkfv is a horse, so hehrrznwj is less likely to be in a meadow than jtbqxmkfv
espccijwfuk is a bear, qzhya is a horse, so espccijwfuk is less likely to be in a meadow than qzhya
wxwqzls is a bear, seoazrhf is a horse, so wxwqzls is less likely to be in a meadow than seoazrhf
fcylbqcgpzd is a bear, bsfb is a horse, so fcylbqcgpzd is less likely to be in a meadow than bsfb
ckbv is a bear, kitlqiop is a horse, so kitlqiop is more likely to be in a meadow than ckbv
hehrrznwj is a bear, jtbqxmkfv is a horse, so jtbqxmkfv is more likely to be in a meadow than hehrrznwj
espccijwfuk is a bear, qzhya is a horse, so qzhya is more likely to be in a meadow than espccijwfuk
wxwqzls is a bear, seoazrhf is a horse, so seoazrhf is more likely to be in a meadow than wxwqzls
fcylbqcgpzd is a bear, bsfb is a horse, so bsfb is more likely to be in a meadow than fcylbqcgpzd
iqxqhuyefkk is a bear, pcmkvitptnl is a horse, so iqxqhuyefkk is not less likely to be in a meadow than pcmkvitptnl
vzos is a bear, wnub is a horse, so vzos is not less likely to be in a meadow than wnub
gfxzweaqvbhv is a bear, gftcjfbd is a horse, so gfxzweaqvbhv is not less likely to be in a meadow than gftcjfbd
ejnsy is a bear, hntmvn is a horse, so ejnsy is not less likely to be in a meadow than hntmvn
gfcjkdjcky is a bear, mljwz is a horse, so gfcjkdjcky is not less likely to be in a meadow than mljwz
pcmkvitptnl is a bear, iqxqhuyefkk is a horse, so iqxqhuyefkk is not more likely to be in a meadow than pcmkvitptnl
wnub is a bear, vzos is a horse, so vzos is not more likely to be in a meadow than wnub
gftcjfbd is a bear, gfxzweaqvbhv is a horse, so gfxzweaqvbhv is not more likely to be in a meadow than gftcjfbd
hntmvn is a bear, ejnsy is a horse, so ejnsy is not more likely to be in a meadow than hntmvn
mljwz is a bear, gfcjkdjcky is a horse, so gfcjkdjcky is not more likely to be in a meadow than mljwz
abplgnecq is a kangaroo, kgn is a panda, so kgn is less likely to be jumping high than abplgnecq
hsc is a kangaroo, wrgppnkznoxw is a panda, so wrgppnkznoxw is less likely to be jumping high than hsc
joqergrg is a kangaroo, mkvxpa is a panda, so mkvxpa is less likely to be jumping high than joqergrg
jzaek is a kangaroo, vhryjda is a panda, so vhryjda is less likely to be jumping high than jzaek
yrkarsa is a kangaroo, tangg is a panda, so tangg is less likely to be jumping high than yrkarsa
zjr is a kangaroo, xxtrdlq is a panda, so zjr is not less likely to be jumping high than xxtrdlq
tgdvz is a kangaroo, efvrkug is a panda, so tgdvz is not less likely to be jumping high than efvrkug
mxroaah is a kangaroo, lkvynhkbkz is a panda, so mxroaah is not less likely to be jumping high than lkvynhkbkz
qajugerxls is a kangaroo, rxzmgrky is a panda, so qajugerxls is not less likely to be jumping high than rxzmgrky
vjxnaj is a kangaroo, iarvcckktzi is a panda, so vjxnaj is not less likely to be jumping high than iarvcckktzi
xxtrdlq is a kangaroo, zjr is a panda, so zjr is not more likely to be jumping high than xxtrdlq
efvrkug is a kangaroo, tgdvz is a panda, so tgdvz is not more likely to be jumping high than efvrkug
lkvynhkbkz is a kangaroo, mxroaah is a panda, so mxroaah is not more likely to be jumping high than lkvynhkbkz
rxzmgrky is a kangaroo, qajugerxls is a panda, so qajugerxls is not more likely to be jumping high than rxzmgrky
iarvcckktzi is a kangaroo, vjxnaj is a panda, so vjxnaj is not more likely to be jumping high than iarvcckktzi
glcmqga is a turtle, igjutluihdwc is a chicken, so glcmqga is more likely to hide in its shell than igjutluihdwc
lfsoekfllqfx is a turtle, pdpbzlpondrc is a chicken, so lfsoekfllqfx is more likely to hide in its shell than pdpbzlpondrc
eljohw is a turtle, ufygejnvccos is a chicken, so eljohw is more likely to hide in its shell than ufygejnvccos
aambqkqpp is a turtle, ecgs is a chicken, so aambqkqpp is more likely to hide in its shell than ecgs
gjltrbecfdcl is a turtle, ypva is a chicken, so gjltrbecfdcl is more likely to hide in its shell than ypva
glcmqga is a turtle, igjutluihdwc is a chicken, so igjutluihdwc is less likely to hide in its shell than glcmqga
lfsoekfllqfx is a turtle, pdpbzlpondrc is a chicken, so pdpbzlpondrc is less likely to hide in its shell than lfsoekfllqfx
eljohw is a turtle, ufygejnvccos is a chicken, so ufygejnvccos is less likely to hide in its shell than eljohw
aambqkqpp is a turtle, ecgs is a chicken, so ecgs is less likely to hide in its shell than aambqkqpp
gjltrbecfdcl is a turtle, ypva is a chicken, so ypva is less likely to hide in its shell than gjltrbecfdcl
nrplxwhaoo is a turtle, zwztwx is a chicken, so nrplxwhaoo is not less likely to hide in its shell than zwztwx
jop is a turtle, joomxpasp is a chicken, so jop is not less likely to hide in its shell than joomxpasp
uknbaiiywye is a turtle, tkcb is a chicken, so uknbaiiywye is not less likely to hide in its shell than tkcb
ohxd is a turtle, ykxemcvidfl is a chicken, so ohxd is not less likely to hide in its shell than ykxemcvidfl
fsmybouymqd is a turtle, bzbytvsyn is a chicken, so fsmybouymqd is not less likely to hide in its shell than bzbytvsyn
zwztwx is a turtle, nrplxwhaoo is a chicken, so nrplxwhaoo is not more likely to hide in its shell than zwztwx
joomxpasp is a turtle, jop is a chicken, so jop is not more likely to hide in its shell than joomxpasp
tkcb is a turtle, uknbaiiywye is a chicken, so uknbaiiywye is not more likely to hide in its shell than tkcb
ykxemcvidfl is a turtle, ohxd is a chicken, so ohxd is not more likely to hide in its shell than ykxemcvidfl
bzbytvsyn is a turtle, fsmybouymqd is a chicken, so fsmybouymqd is not more likely to hide in its shell than bzbytvsyn
vxcslfyhxiqa is a chimpanzee, xgbffg is a snail, so vxcslfyhxiqa is more likely to be in a zoo than xgbffg
vmdcyicht is a chimpanzee, fqozhf is a snail, so vmdcyicht is more likely to be in a zoo than fqozhf
oxubligjxg is a chimpanzee, zyvysps is a snail, so oxubligjxg is more likely to be in a zoo than zyvysps
zijxvtxqufot is a chimpanzee, mgncuzodv is a snail, so zijxvtxqufot is more likely to be in a zoo than mgncuzodv
ejzktrdmea is a chimpanzee, uscbmhiljs is a snail, so ejzktrdmea is more likely to be in a zoo than uscbmhiljs
vxcslfyhxiqa is a chimpanzee, xgbffg is a snail, so xgbffg is less likely to be in a zoo than vxcslfyhxiqa
vmdcyicht is a chimpanzee, fqozhf is a snail, so fqozhf is less likely to be in a zoo than vmdcyicht
oxubligjxg is a chimpanzee, zyvysps is a snail, so zyvysps is less likely to be in a zoo than oxubligjxg
zijxvtxqufot is a chimpanzee, mgncuzodv is a snail, so mgncuzodv is less likely to be in a zoo than zijxvtxqufot
ejzktrdmea is a chimpanzee, uscbmhiljs is a snail, so uscbmhiljs is less likely to be in a zoo than ejzktrdmea
ripzkivnpry is a chimpanzee, ipfxgxbpdast is a snail, so ripzkivnpry is not less likely to be in a zoo than ipfxgxbpdast
bdoyfnm is a chimpanzee, yvlxjcljly is a snail, so bdoyfnm is not less likely to be in a zoo than yvlxjcljly
iepvu is a chimpanzee, gnveyx is a snail, so iepvu is not less likely to be in a zoo than gnveyx
eyc is a chimpanzee, bkiqduwbao is a snail, so eyc is not less likely to be in a zoo than bkiqduwbao
rmxvnkokfwo is a chimpanzee, gclf is a snail, so rmxvnkokfwo is not less likely to be in a zoo than gclf
ipfxgxbpdast is a chimpanzee, ripzkivnpry is a snail, so ripzkivnpry is not more likely to be in a zoo than ipfxgxbpdast
yvlxjcljly is a chimpanzee, bdoyfnm is a snail, so bdoyfnm is not more likely to be in a zoo than yvlxjcljly
gnveyx is a chimpanzee, iepvu is a snail, so iepvu is not more likely to be in a zoo than gnveyx
bkiqduwbao is a chimpanzee, eyc is a snail, so eyc is not more likely to be in a zoo than bkiqduwbao
gclf is a chimpanzee, rmxvnkokfwo is a snail, so rmxvnkokfwo is not more likely to be in a zoo than gclf
alqvrx is a cat, uum is a bear, so alqvrx is more likely to be on the windowsill than uum
sdcxwovnx is a cat, zexltgduwoa is a bear, so sdcxwovnx is more likely to be on the windowsill than zexltgduwoa
wjwhruzh is a cat, aphfonmgtbqo is a bear, so wjwhruzh is more likely to be on the windowsill than aphfonmgtbqo
yhecacro is a cat, xgshc is a bear, so yhecacro is more likely to be on the windowsill than xgshc
dwswiqrewn is a cat, xiaotzxhvutx is a bear, so dwswiqrewn is more likely to be on the windowsill than xiaotzxhvutx
alqvrx is a cat, uum is a bear, so uum is less likely to be on the windowsill than alqvrx
sdcxwovnx is a cat, zexltgduwoa is a bear, so zexltgduwoa is less likely to be on the windowsill than sdcxwovnx
wjwhruzh is a cat, aphfonmgtbqo is a bear, so aphfonmgtbqo is less likely to be on the windowsill than wjwhruzh
yhecacro is a cat, xgshc is a bear, so xgshc is less likely to be on the windowsill than yhecacro
dwswiqrewn is a cat, xiaotzxhvutx is a bear, so xiaotzxhvutx is less likely to be on the windowsill than dwswiqrewn
titskfnkbavy is a cat, pvjwzzoi is a bear, so titskfnkbavy is not less likely to be on the windowsill than pvjwzzoi
goomaulnnj is a cat, dzk is a bear, so goomaulnnj is not less likely to be on the windowsill than dzk
eqpqmtp is a cat, wxsppcj is a bear, so eqpqmtp is not less likely to be on the windowsill than wxsppcj
sscbyakpe is a cat, fqg is a bear, so sscbyakpe is not less likely to be on the windowsill than fqg
ymgannkc is a cat, txkaxyfxm is a bear, so ymgannkc is not less likely to be on the windowsill than txkaxyfxm
pvjwzzoi is a cat, titskfnkbavy is a bear, so titskfnkbavy is not more likely to be on the windowsill than pvjwzzoi
dzk is a cat, goomaulnnj is a bear, so goomaulnnj is not more likely to be on the windowsill than dzk
wxsppcj is a cat, eqpqmtp is a bear, so eqpqmtp is not more likely to be on the windowsill than wxsppcj
fqg is a cat, sscbyakpe is a bear, so sscbyakpe is not more likely to be on the windowsill than fqg
txkaxyfxm is a cat, ymgannkc is a bear, so ymgannkc is not more likely to be on the windowsill than txkaxyfxm
qiy is a shark, mfvolzfmojft is a turtle, so qiy is more likely to be on a reef than mfvolzfmojft
mpwgpoxzvgy is a shark, ushzxnoqe is a turtle, so mpwgpoxzvgy is more likely to be on a reef than ushzxnoqe
ydmdyawzk is a shark, jwxtsjhxzax is a turtle, so ydmdyawzk is more likely to be on a reef than jwxtsjhxzax
ylaqe is a shark, ghx is a turtle, so ylaqe is more likely to be on a reef than ghx
cxhtffwnvsy is a shark, bkeoum is a turtle, so cxhtffwnvsy is more likely to be on a reef than bkeoum
qiy is a shark, mfvolzfmojft is a turtle, so mfvolzfmojft is less likely to be on a reef than qiy
mpwgpoxzvgy is a shark, ushzxnoqe is a turtle, so ushzxnoqe is less likely to be on a reef than mpwgpoxzvgy
ydmdyawzk is a shark, jwxtsjhxzax is a turtle, so jwxtsjhxzax is less likely to be on a reef than ydmdyawzk
ylaqe is a shark, ghx is a turtle, so ghx is less likely to be on a reef than ylaqe
cxhtffwnvsy is a shark, bkeoum is a turtle, so bkeoum is less likely to be on a reef than cxhtffwnvsy
kbsvidphn is a shark, gtjldme is a turtle, so kbsvidphn is not less likely to be on a reef than gtjldme
bxnrp is a shark, ukdkovsl is a turtle, so bxnrp is not less likely to be on a reef than ukdkovsl
visnjogcyc is a shark, nbojb is a turtle, so visnjogcyc is not less likely to be on a reef than nbojb
zbprkyiptp is a shark, mprb is a turtle, so zbprkyiptp is not less likely to be on a reef than mprb
wrbkmi is a shark, yoxlt is a turtle, so wrbkmi is not less likely to be on a reef than yoxlt
gtjldme is a shark, kbsvidphn is a turtle, so kbsvidphn is not more likely to be on a reef than gtjldme
ukdkovsl is a shark, bxnrp is a turtle, so bxnrp is not more likely to be on a reef than ukdkovsl
nbojb is a shark, visnjogcyc is a turtle, so visnjogcyc is not more likely to be on a reef than nbojb
mprb is a shark, zbprkyiptp is a turtle, so zbprkyiptp is not more likely to be on a reef than mprb
yoxlt is a shark, wrbkmi is a turtle, so wrbkmi is not more likely to be on a reef than yoxlt
dxwd is a elephant, lntaebuo is a bee, so dxwd is more likely to be in India than lntaebuo
nczecrlls is a elephant, bfbpltvat is a bee, so nczecrlls is more likely to be in India than bfbpltvat
cgmq is a elephant, qent is a bee, so cgmq is more likely to be in India than qent
imd is a elephant, uonzh is a bee, so imd is more likely to be in India than uonzh
aplkjcs is a elephant, avr is a bee, so aplkjcs is more likely to be in India than avr
dxwd is made out of elephant and lntaebuo is made out of bee, so lntaebuo is less likely to be in India than dxwd
nczecrlls is made out of elephant and bfbpltvat is made out of bee, so bfbpltvat is less likely to be in India than nczecrlls
cgmq is made out of elephant and qent is made out of bee, so qent is less likely to be in India than cgmq
imd is made out of elephant and uonzh is made out of bee, so uonzh is less likely to be in India than imd
aplkjcs is made out of elephant and avr is made out of bee, so avr is less likely to be in India than aplkjcs
eci is made out of elephant and ncixtwjhcvmc is made out of bee, so eci is not less likely to be in India than ncixtwjhcvmc
zxwtpeuykcm is made out of elephant and kjsfizcmxbtq is made out of bee, so zxwtpeuykcm is not less likely to be in India than kjsfizcmxbtq
vprt is made out of elephant and nffao is made out of bee, so vprt is not less likely to be in India than nffao
ltmrlmoszts is made out of elephant and tvtlzrus is made out of bee, so ltmrlmoszts is not less likely to be in India than tvtlzrus
apvkihsqltz is made out of elephant and nxgot is made out of bee, so apvkihsqltz is not less likely to be in India than nxgot
ncixtwjhcvmc is made out of elephant and eci is made out of bee, so eci is not more likely to be in India than ncixtwjhcvmc
kjsfizcmxbtq is made out of elephant and zxwtpeuykcm is made out of bee, so zxwtpeuykcm is not more likely to be in India than kjsfizcmxbtq
nffao is made out of elephant and vprt is made out of bee, so vprt is not more likely to be in India than nffao
tvtlzrus is made out of elephant and ltmrlmoszts is made out of bee, so ltmrlmoszts is not more likely to be in India than tvtlzrus
nxgot is made out of elephant and apvkihsqltz is made out of bee, so apvkihsqltz is not more likely to be in India than nxgot
irtojzyipz is a fish, mad is a giraffe, so irtojzyipz is more likely to be in a pond than mad
tdjqmpp is a fish, aekqzxlir is a giraffe, so tdjqmpp is more likely to be in a pond than aekqzxlir
dbxv is a fish, atbzpjmix is a giraffe, so dbxv is more likely to be in a pond than atbzpjmix
zqhuq is a fish, zidvsoo is a giraffe, so zqhuq is more likely to be in a pond than zidvsoo
feewx is a fish, tkn is a giraffe, so feewx is more likely to be in a pond than tkn
irtojzyipz is a fish, mad is a giraffe, so mad is less likely to be in a pond than irtojzyipz
tdjqmpp is a fish, aekqzxlir is a giraffe, so aekqzxlir is less likely to be in a pond than tdjqmpp
dbxv is a fish, atbzpjmix is a giraffe, so atbzpjmix is less likely to be in a pond than dbxv
zqhuq is a fish, zidvsoo is a giraffe, so zidvsoo is less likely to be in a pond than zqhuq
feewx is a fish, tkn is a giraffe, so tkn is less likely to be in a pond than feewx
bhkbkiy is a fish, ulzmute is a giraffe, so bhkbkiy is not less likely to be in a pond than ulzmute
hlwhfwhtflpy is a fish, wawgnmdblfz is a giraffe, so hlwhfwhtflpy is not less likely to be in a pond than wawgnmdblfz
rrlthar is a fish, zojqhsr is a giraffe, so rrlthar is not less likely to be in a pond than zojqhsr
qlxl is a fish, urepnawef is a giraffe, so qlxl is not less likely to be in a pond than urepnawef
wsghid is a fish, fxtoilotds is a giraffe, so wsghid is not less likely to be in a pond than fxtoilotds
ulzmute is a fish, bhkbkiy is a giraffe, so bhkbkiy is not more likely to be in a pond than ulzmute
wawgnmdblfz is a fish, hlwhfwhtflpy is a giraffe, so hlwhfwhtflpy is not more likely to be in a pond than wawgnmdblfz
zojqhsr is a fish, rrlthar is a giraffe, so rrlthar is not more likely to be in a pond than zojqhsr
urepnawef is a fish, qlxl is a giraffe, so qlxl is not more likely to be in a pond than urepnawef
fxtoilotds is a fish, wsghid is a giraffe, so wsghid is not more likely to be in a pond than fxtoilotds
mqyzr is a cat, hpiubu is a horse, so mqyzr is more likely to be in someone's home than hpiubu
ynbptcjafd is a cat, xvtyum is a horse, so ynbptcjafd is more likely to be in someone's home than xvtyum
qealignu is a cat, nyn is a horse, so qealignu is more likely to be in someone's home than nyn
hrsxkgei is a cat, blqeimy is a horse, so hrsxkgei is more likely to be in someone's home than blqeimy
ievfyjdzr is a cat, rvjiev is a horse, so ievfyjdzr is more likely to be in someone's home than rvjiev
mqyzr is a cat, hpiubu is a horse, so hpiubu is less likely to be in someone's home than mqyzr
ynbptcjafd is a cat, xvtyum is a horse, so xvtyum is less likely to be in someone's home than ynbptcjafd
qealignu is a cat, nyn is a horse, so nyn is less likely to be in someone's home than qealignu
hrsxkgei is a cat, blqeimy is a horse, so blqeimy is less likely to be in someone's home than hrsxkgei
ievfyjdzr is a cat, rvjiev is a horse, so rvjiev is less likely to be in someone's home than ievfyjdzr
jkymxjabgc is a cat, bwdfccmzxmrk is a horse, so jkymxjabgc is not less likely to be in someone's home than bwdfccmzxmrk
oxiinlgrbuc is a cat, jtpgxbqmwvo is a horse, so oxiinlgrbuc is not less likely to be in someone's home than jtpgxbqmwvo
jidmit is a cat, wxjbxshi is a horse, so jidmit is not less likely to be in someone's home than wxjbxshi
xzg is a cat, yupkzxtxi is a horse, so xzg is not less likely to be in someone's home than yupkzxtxi
uirdkcsxf is a cat, xjiewoia is a horse, so uirdkcsxf is not less likely to be in someone's home than xjiewoia
bwdfccmzxmrk is a cat, jkymxjabgc is a horse, so jkymxjabgc is not more likely to be in someone's home than bwdfccmzxmrk
jtpgxbqmwvo is a cat, oxiinlgrbuc is a horse, so oxiinlgrbuc is not more likely to be in someone's home than jtpgxbqmwvo
wxjbxshi is a cat, jidmit is a horse, so jidmit is not more likely to be in someone's home than wxjbxshi
yupkzxtxi is a cat, xzg is a horse, so xzg is not more likely to be in someone's home than yupkzxtxi
xjiewoia is a cat, uirdkcsxf is a horse, so uirdkcsxf is not more likely to be in someone's home than xjiewoia
xlekk is a monkey, agtjzpgtoan is a dog, so xlekk is more likely to throw a banana than agtjzpgtoan
zyuzushd is a monkey, bkymawrg is a dog, so zyuzushd is more likely to throw a banana than bkymawrg
rzfro is a monkey, tmsixkosa is a dog, so rzfro is more likely to throw a banana than tmsixkosa
bywg is a monkey, gmowtaypre is a dog, so bywg is more likely to throw a banana than gmowtaypre
vereb is a monkey, kfjgemnso is a dog, so vereb is more likely to throw a banana than kfjgemnso
xlekk is a monkey, agtjzpgtoan is a dog, so agtjzpgtoan is less likely to throw a banana than xlekk
zyuzushd is a monkey, bkymawrg is a dog, so bkymawrg is less likely to throw a banana than zyuzushd
rzfro is a monkey, tmsixkosa is a dog, so tmsixkosa is less likely to throw a banana than rzfro
bywg is a monkey, gmowtaypre is a dog, so gmowtaypre is less likely to throw a banana than bywg
vereb is a monkey, kfjgemnso is a dog, so kfjgemnso is less likely to throw a banana than vereb
vsf is a monkey, muyftcvgss is a dog, so vsf is not less likely to throw a banana than muyftcvgss
yctsdj is a monkey, szytofuwnbv is a dog, so yctsdj is not less likely to throw a banana than szytofuwnbv
wud is a monkey, ggv is a dog, so wud is not less likely to throw a banana than ggv
qokxo is a monkey, atwldrees is a dog, so qokxo is not less likely to throw a banana than atwldrees
ntsevabhhhm is a monkey, ekuvl is a dog, so ntsevabhhhm is not less likely to throw a banana than ekuvl
muyftcvgss is a monkey, vsf is a dog, so vsf is not more likely to throw a banana than muyftcvgss
szytofuwnbv is a monkey, yctsdj is a dog, so yctsdj is not more likely to throw a banana than szytofuwnbv
ggv is a monkey, wud is a dog, so wud is not more likely to throw a banana than ggv
atwldrees is a monkey, qokxo is a dog, so qokxo is not more likely to throw a banana than atwldrees
ekuvl is a monkey, ntsevabhhhm is a dog, so ntsevabhhhm is not more likely to throw a banana than ekuvl
lsgxmz is a spider, eygahlqejh is a snake, so lsgxmz is more likely to spin webs than eygahlqejh
dpd is a spider, bjehcpqm is a snake, so dpd is more likely to spin webs than bjehcpqm
adnpofwbyr is a spider, lxhpzax is a snake, so adnpofwbyr is more likely to spin webs than lxhpzax
qqxfskzkb is a spider, fdzy is a snake, so qqxfskzkb is more likely to spin webs than fdzy
esn is a spider, lbrfdextt is a snake, so esn is more likely to spin webs than lbrfdextt
lsgxmz is a spider, eygahlqejh is a snake, so eygahlqejh is less likely to spin webs than lsgxmz
dpd is a spider, bjehcpqm is a snake, so bjehcpqm is less likely to spin webs than dpd
adnpofwbyr is a spider, lxhpzax is a snake, so lxhpzax is less likely to spin webs than adnpofwbyr
qqxfskzkb is a spider, fdzy is a snake, so fdzy is less likely to spin webs than qqxfskzkb
esn is a spider, lbrfdextt is a snake, so lbrfdextt is less likely to spin webs than esn
rhcuxan is a spider, wias is a snake, so rhcuxan is not less likely to spin webs than wias
mkkvcpxtj is a spider, fqfngmpfmszi is a snake, so mkkvcpxtj is not less likely to spin webs than fqfngmpfmszi
qkwk is a spider, ihvh is a snake, so qkwk is not less likely to spin webs than ihvh
avvrdjey is a spider, xzkmlt is a snake, so avvrdjey is not less likely to spin webs than xzkmlt
zxswk is a spider, zqmadqx is a snake, so zxswk is not less likely to spin webs than zqmadqx
wias is a spider, rhcuxan is a snake, so rhcuxan is not more likely to spin webs than wias
fqfngmpfmszi is a spider, mkkvcpxtj is a snake, so mkkvcpxtj is not more likely to spin webs than fqfngmpfmszi
ihvh is a spider, qkwk is a snake, so qkwk is not more likely to spin webs than ihvh
xzkmlt is a spider, avvrdjey is a snake, so avvrdjey is not more likely to spin webs than xzkmlt
zqmadqx is a spider, zxswk is a snake, so zxswk is not more likely to spin webs than zqmadqx
rfgyci is a horse, ptcocmdulnp is a camel, so rfgyci is more likely to run in a pasture than ptcocmdulnp
zasc is a horse, dki is a camel, so zasc is more likely to run in a pasture than dki
zilamfi is a horse, jfrtwfdmtcn is a camel, so zilamfi is more likely to run in a pasture than jfrtwfdmtcn
ubptqk is a horse, owdr is a camel, so ubptqk is more likely to run in a pasture than owdr
lezmcbtii is a horse, dblvj is a camel, so lezmcbtii is more likely to run in a pasture than dblvj
rfgyci is a horse, ptcocmdulnp is a camel, so ptcocmdulnp is less likely to run in a pasture than rfgyci
zasc is a horse, dki is a camel, so dki is less likely to run in a pasture than zasc
zilamfi is a horse, jfrtwfdmtcn is a camel, so jfrtwfdmtcn is less likely to run in a pasture than zilamfi
ubptqk is a horse, owdr is a camel, so owdr is less likely to run in a pasture than ubptqk
lezmcbtii is a horse, dblvj is a camel, so dblvj is less likely to run in a pasture than lezmcbtii
tnmnzkzkb is a horse, caoockl is a camel, so tnmnzkzkb is not less likely to run in a pasture than caoockl
zpoeyytvqoqa is a horse, phkiprppcb is a camel, so zpoeyytvqoqa is not less likely to run in a pasture than phkiprppcb
hpmyibpz is a horse, ufuimlyoozh is a camel, so hpmyibpz is not less likely to run in a pasture than ufuimlyoozh
sjcvopfeayal is a horse, rlbw is a camel, so sjcvopfeayal is not less likely to run in a pasture than rlbw
uwroccp is a horse, ygbnxo is a camel, so uwroccp is not less likely to run in a pasture than ygbnxo
caoockl is a horse, tnmnzkzkb is a camel, so tnmnzkzkb is not more likely to run in a pasture than caoockl
phkiprppcb is a horse, zpoeyytvqoqa is a camel, so zpoeyytvqoqa is not more likely to run in a pasture than phkiprppcb
ufuimlyoozh is a horse, hpmyibpz is a camel, so hpmyibpz is not more likely to run in a pasture than ufuimlyoozh
rlbw is a horse, sjcvopfeayal is a camel, so sjcvopfeayal is not more likely to run in a pasture than rlbw
ygbnxo is a horse, uwroccp is a camel, so uwroccp is not more likely to run in a pasture than ygbnxo
yygqxe is a cow, bonpwhhtmy is a eagle, so yygqxe is more likely to be on a ranch than bonpwhhtmy
bxxdcxl is a cow, vxsyvebso is a eagle, so bxxdcxl is more likely to be on a ranch than vxsyvebso
mtzvcfs is a cow, yuohxrb is a eagle, so mtzvcfs is more likely to be on a ranch than yuohxrb
vleplbjtkky is a cow, uwaqdvpenza is a eagle, so vleplbjtkky is more likely to be on a ranch than uwaqdvpenza
lvmwpzlclf is a cow, msf is a eagle, so lvmwpzlclf is more likely to be on a ranch than msf
yygqxe is a cow, bonpwhhtmy is a eagle, so bonpwhhtmy is less likely to be on a ranch than yygqxe
bxxdcxl is a cow, vxsyvebso is a eagle, so vxsyvebso is less likely to be on a ranch than bxxdcxl
mtzvcfs is a cow, yuohxrb is a eagle, so yuohxrb is less likely to be on a ranch than mtzvcfs
vleplbjtkky is a cow, uwaqdvpenza is a eagle, so uwaqdvpenza is less likely to be on a ranch than vleplbjtkky
lvmwpzlclf is a cow, msf is a eagle, so msf is less likely to be on a ranch than lvmwpzlclf
dzac is a cow, exg is a eagle, so dzac is not less likely to be on a ranch than exg
lmqxbeiyxfx is a cow, ofpqu is a eagle, so lmqxbeiyxfx is not less likely to be on a ranch than ofpqu
fjfqmnfzndfj is a cow, rdmcdldbdyeh is a eagle, so fjfqmnfzndfj is not less likely to be on a ranch than rdmcdldbdyeh
xlleoylacnr is a cow, dexcqevvxgt is a eagle, so xlleoylacnr is not less likely to be on a ranch than dexcqevvxgt
pvudjkfthumc is a cow, htbolcikq is a eagle, so pvudjkfthumc is not less likely to be on a ranch than htbolcikq
exg is a cow, dzac is a eagle, so dzac is not more likely to be on a ranch than exg
ofpqu is a cow, lmqxbeiyxfx is a eagle, so lmqxbeiyxfx is not more likely to be on a ranch than ofpqu
rdmcdldbdyeh is a cow, fjfqmnfzndfj is a eagle, so fjfqmnfzndfj is not more likely to be on a ranch than rdmcdldbdyeh
dexcqevvxgt is a cow, xlleoylacnr is a eagle, so xlleoylacnr is not more likely to be on a ranch than dexcqevvxgt
htbolcikq is a cow, pvudjkfthumc is a eagle, so pvudjkfthumc is not more likely to be on a ranch than htbolcikq
ugzoatlp is a dog, rztgq is a wolf, so ugzoatlp is more likely to guide a blind person than rztgq
ngfkhn is a dog, szlbbpm is a wolf, so ngfkhn is more likely to guide a blind person than szlbbpm
buplkymmfhfl is a dog, yehyjgqq is a wolf, so buplkymmfhfl is more likely to guide a blind person than yehyjgqq
nriycnqqukdt is a dog, lmibdjjkrntm is a wolf, so nriycnqqukdt is more likely to guide a blind person than lmibdjjkrntm
gprhkgrpr is a dog, skvdqsplsia is a wolf, so gprhkgrpr is more likely to guide a blind person than skvdqsplsia
ugzoatlp is a dog, rztgq is a wolf, so rztgq is less likely to guide a blind person than ugzoatlp
ngfkhn is a dog, szlbbpm is a wolf, so szlbbpm is less likely to guide a blind person than ngfkhn
buplkymmfhfl is a dog, yehyjgqq is a wolf, so yehyjgqq is less likely to guide a blind person than buplkymmfhfl
nriycnqqukdt is a dog, lmibdjjkrntm is a wolf, so lmibdjjkrntm is less likely to guide a blind person than nriycnqqukdt
gprhkgrpr is a dog, skvdqsplsia is a wolf, so skvdqsplsia is less likely to guide a blind person than gprhkgrpr
bapisuh is a dog, ahsowmuo is a wolf, so bapisuh is not less likely to guide a blind person than ahsowmuo
ovrq is a dog, tyf is a wolf, so ovrq is not less likely to guide a blind person than tyf
fhpo is a dog, ifgikmrjlxkp is a wolf, so fhpo is not less likely to guide a blind person than ifgikmrjlxkp
spozwyny is a dog, bssrdpad is a wolf, so spozwyny is not less likely to guide a blind person than bssrdpad
owsx is a dog, wqksgjm is a wolf, so owsx is not less likely to guide a blind person than wqksgjm
ahsowmuo is a dog, bapisuh is a wolf, so bapisuh is not more likely to guide a blind person than ahsowmuo
tyf is a dog, ovrq is a wolf, so ovrq is not more likely to guide a blind person than tyf
ifgikmrjlxkp is a dog, fhpo is a wolf, so fhpo is not more likely to guide a blind person than ifgikmrjlxkp
bssrdpad is a dog, spozwyny is a wolf, so spozwyny is not more likely to guide a blind person than bssrdpad
wqksgjm is a dog, owsx is a wolf, so owsx is not more likely to guide a blind person than wqksgjm
vrklpjvxkylx is a dog, nzlxib is a deer, so vrklpjvxkylx is more likely to hear whistling than nzlxib
ryiepxs is a dog, xwivypz is a deer, so ryiepxs is more likely to hear whistling than xwivypz
qfnmmzi is a dog, hbgfqxxqbr is a deer, so qfnmmzi is more likely to hear whistling than hbgfqxxqbr
pwugkt is a dog, lqgih is a deer, so pwugkt is more likely to hear whistling than lqgih
xrlhmzsr is a dog, bkstr is a deer, so xrlhmzsr is more likely to hear whistling than bkstr
vrklpjvxkylx is a dog, nzlxib is a deer, so nzlxib is less likely to hear whistling than vrklpjvxkylx
ryiepxs is a dog, xwivypz is a deer, so xwivypz is less likely to hear whistling than ryiepxs
qfnmmzi is a dog, hbgfqxxqbr is a deer, so hbgfqxxqbr is less likely to hear whistling than qfnmmzi
pwugkt is a dog, lqgih is a deer, so lqgih is less likely to hear whistling than pwugkt
xrlhmzsr is a dog, bkstr is a deer, so bkstr is less likely to hear whistling than xrlhmzsr
yzxaxwrnoo is a dog, qogaqyfnnwi is a deer, so yzxaxwrnoo is not less likely to hear whistling than qogaqyfnnwi
ynatx is a dog, vysbwif is a deer, so ynatx is not less likely to hear whistling than vysbwif
yuqkyuj is a dog, yppukkzcp is a deer, so yuqkyuj is not less likely to hear whistling than yppukkzcp
sncgqjjsfs is a dog, qlszcw is a deer, so sncgqjjsfs is not less likely to hear whistling than qlszcw
ocdkk is a dog, odv is a deer, so ocdkk is not less likely to hear whistling than odv
qogaqyfnnwi is a dog, yzxaxwrnoo is a deer, so yzxaxwrnoo is not more likely to hear whistling than qogaqyfnnwi
vysbwif is a dog, ynatx is a deer, so ynatx is not more likely to hear whistling than vysbwif
yppukkzcp is a dog, yuqkyuj is a deer, so yuqkyuj is not more likely to hear whistling than yppukkzcp
qlszcw is a dog, sncgqjjsfs is a deer, so sncgqjjsfs is not more likely to hear whistling than qlszcw
odv is a dog, ocdkk is a deer, so ocdkk is not more likely to hear whistling than odv
vsealabadqzp is a rat, crgx is a monkey, so vsealabadqzp is more likely to eat wires than crgx
spuawgsxpmie is a rat, xqufjsz is a monkey, so spuawgsxpmie is more likely to eat wires than xqufjsz
pmkydkku is a rat, uhbbgm is a monkey, so pmkydkku is more likely to eat wires than uhbbgm
dhviqcnfz is a rat, mjyr is a monkey, so dhviqcnfz is more likely to eat wires than mjyr
hzlxrwdrjv is a rat, xgieuxiqs is a monkey, so hzlxrwdrjv is more likely to eat wires than xgieuxiqs
vsealabadqzp is a rat, crgx is a monkey, so crgx is less likely to eat wires than vsealabadqzp
spuawgsxpmie is a rat, xqufjsz is a monkey, so xqufjsz is less likely to eat wires than spuawgsxpmie
pmkydkku is a rat, uhbbgm is a monkey, so uhbbgm is less likely to eat wires than pmkydkku
dhviqcnfz is a rat, mjyr is a monkey, so mjyr is less likely to eat wires than dhviqcnfz
hzlxrwdrjv is a rat, xgieuxiqs is a monkey, so xgieuxiqs is less likely to eat wires than hzlxrwdrjv
pwndgeysq is a rat, xbyml is a monkey, so pwndgeysq is not less likely to eat wires than xbyml
kwssvesfkm is a rat, fyedmegyuh is a monkey, so kwssvesfkm is not less likely to eat wires than fyedmegyuh
aiop is a rat, hdeqcsdeyv is a monkey, so aiop is not less likely to eat wires than hdeqcsdeyv
tgx is a rat, xulyrabx is a monkey, so tgx is not less likely to eat wires than xulyrabx
wyl is a rat, yiuoyybkeutp is a monkey, so wyl is not less likely to eat wires than yiuoyybkeutp
xbyml is a rat, pwndgeysq is a monkey, so pwndgeysq is not more likely to eat wires than xbyml
fyedmegyuh is a rat, kwssvesfkm is a monkey, so kwssvesfkm is not more likely to eat wires than fyedmegyuh
hdeqcsdeyv is a rat, aiop is a monkey, so aiop is not more likely to eat wires than hdeqcsdeyv
xulyrabx is a rat, tgx is a monkey, so tgx is not more likely to eat wires than xulyrabx
yiuoyybkeutp is a rat, wyl is a monkey, so wyl is not more likely to eat wires than yiuoyybkeutp
mgao is a cat, jfrcbdptlq is a alligator, so mgao is more likely to wash its paws than jfrcbdptlq
terndw is a cat, etxeq is a alligator, so terndw is more likely to wash its paws than etxeq
oxwz is a cat, opbvcei is a alligator, so oxwz is more likely to wash its paws than opbvcei
zte is a cat, cvroxesdotd is a alligator, so zte is more likely to wash its paws than cvroxesdotd
fdfifmygo is a cat, oudmzm is a alligator, so fdfifmygo is more likely to wash its paws than oudmzm
mgao is a cat, jfrcbdptlq is a alligator, so jfrcbdptlq is less likely to wash its paws than mgao
terndw is a cat, etxeq is a alligator, so etxeq is less likely to wash its paws than terndw
oxwz is a cat, opbvcei is a alligator, so opbvcei is less likely to wash its paws than oxwz
zte is a cat, cvroxesdotd is a alligator, so cvroxesdotd is less likely to wash its paws than zte
fdfifmygo is a cat, oudmzm is a alligator, so oudmzm is less likely to wash its paws than fdfifmygo
wim is a cat, szuxhtnbywol is a alligator, so wim is not less likely to wash its paws than szuxhtnbywol
mofsibass is a cat, wbayl is a alligator, so mofsibass is not less likely to wash its paws than wbayl
ogfwhf is a cat, fzbcwuncvha is a alligator, so ogfwhf is not less likely to wash its paws than fzbcwuncvha
tqxsxazz is a cat, hdqiyhyp is a alligator, so tqxsxazz is not less likely to wash its paws than hdqiyhyp
jayw is a cat, kqnkplxn is a alligator, so jayw is not less likely to wash its paws than kqnkplxn
szuxhtnbywol is a cat, wim is an alligator, so wim is not more likely to wash its paws than szuxhtnbywol
wbayl is a cat, mofsibass is an alligator, so mofsibass is not more likely to wash its paws than wbayl
fzbcwuncvha is a cat, ogfwhf is an alligator, so ogfwhf is not more likely to wash its paws than fzbcwuncvha
hdqiyhyp is a cat, tqxsxazz is an alligator, so tqxsxazz is not more likely to wash its paws than hdqiyhyp
kqnkplxn is a cat, jayw is an alligator, so jayw is not more likely to wash its paws than kqnkplxn
jgdbeh is a snake, bcqtfetnwlok is a turtle, so jgdbeh is more likely to be rude than bcqtfetnwlok
bmykjzwxm is a snake, levvgpr is a turtle, so bmykjzwxm is more likely to be rude than levvgpr
sypollc is a snake, sttka is a turtle, so sypollc is more likely to be rude than sttka
bnijujspjoj is a snake, drjqjnwrtjhs is a turtle, so bnijujspjoj is more likely to be rude than drjqjnwrtjhs
djxahj is a snake, kppacq is a turtle, so djxahj is more likely to be rude than kppacq
jgdbeh is a snake, bcqtfetnwlok is a turtle, so bcqtfetnwlok is less likely to be rude than jgdbeh
bmykjzwxm is a snake, levvgpr is a turtle, so levvgpr is less likely to be rude than bmykjzwxm
sypollc is a snake, sttka is a turtle, so sttka is less likely to be rude than sypollc
bnijujspjoj is a snake, drjqjnwrtjhs is a turtle, so drjqjnwrtjhs is less likely to be rude than bnijujspjoj
djxahj is a snake, kppacq is a turtle, so kppacq is less likely to be rude than djxahj
zsdwwk is a snake, ovtejdpqqopw is a turtle, so zsdwwk is not less likely to be rude than ovtejdpqqopw
bjlp is a snake, iymgutwxzlbp is a turtle, so bjlp is not less likely to be rude than iymgutwxzlbp
gdvbk is a snake, kwtymxfrot is a turtle, so gdvbk is not less likely to be rude than kwtymxfrot
mhms is a snake, pxlvdtflb is a turtle, so mhms is not less likely to be rude than pxlvdtflb
dijfjjbew is a snake, zyajpowkg is a turtle, so dijfjjbew is not less likely to be rude than zyajpowkg
ovtejdpqqopw is a snake, zsdwwk is a turtle, so zsdwwk is not more likely to be rude than ovtejdpqqopw
iymgutwxzlbp is a snake, bjlp is a turtle, so bjlp is not more likely to be rude than iymgutwxzlbp
kwtymxfrot is a snake, gdvbk is a turtle, so gdvbk is not more likely to be rude than kwtymxfrot
pxlvdtflb is a snake, mhms is a turtle, so mhms is not more likely to be rude than pxlvdtflb
zyajpowkg is a snake, dijfjjbew is a turtle, so dijfjjbew is not more likely to be rude than zyajpowkg
zrwi is a pig, fwulskmhrq is a hamster, so zrwi is less likely to wallow than fwulskmhrq
memjj is a pig, uhnyzxabme is a hamster, so memjj is less likely to wallow than uhnyzxabme
jey is a pig, gewoez is a hamster, so jey is less likely to wallow than gewoez
otgqsds is a pig, ulfbvgxh is a hamster, so otgqsds is less likely to wallow than ulfbvgxh
ocatpufchf is a pig, fmfqkkdflwv is a hamster, so ocatpufchf is less likely to wallow than fmfqkkdflwv
zrwi is a pig, fwulskmhrq is a hamster, so fwulskmhrq is less likely to wallow than zrwi
memjj is a pig, uhnyzxabme is a hamster, so uhnyzxabme is less likely to wallow than memjj
jey is a pig, gewoez is a hamster, so gewoez is less likely to wallow than jey
otgqsds is a pig, ulfbvgxh is a hamster, so ulfbvgxh is less likely to wallow than otgqsds
ocatpufchf is a pig, fmfqkkdflwv is a hamster, so fmfqkkdflwv is less likely to wallow than ocatpufchf
yzbik is a pig, mflbisv is a hamster, so yzbik is not less likely to wallow than mflbisv
qscwevjr is a pig, maljkvhfjh is a hamster, so qscwevjr is not less likely to wallow than maljkvhfjh
uogz is a pig, uycrmqqfzsnz is a hamster, so uogz is not less likely to wallow than uycrmqqfzsnz
lujhntnuwwls is a pig, hrsxrc is a hamster, so lujhntnuwwls is not less likely to wallow than hrsxrc
ydmxfpqg is a pig, ajnjwqdkpoqj is a hamster, so ydmxfpqg is not less likely to wallow than ajnjwqdkpoqj
mflbisv is a pig, yzbik is a hamster, so yzbik is not more likely to wallow than mflbisv
maljkvhfjh is a pig, qscwevjr is a hamster, so qscwevjr is not more likely to wallow than maljkvhfjh
uycrmqqfzsnz is a pig, uogz is a hamster, so uogz is not more likely to wallow than uycrmqqfzsnz
hrsxrc is a pig, lujhntnuwwls is a hamster, so lujhntnuwwls is not more likely to wallow than hrsxrc
ajnjwqdkpoqj is a pig, ydmxfpqg is a hamster, so ydmxfpqg is not more likely to wallow than ajnjwqdkpoqj
eyjrxzvrc is a bear, mrppyuheif is a deer, so eyjrxzvrc is more likely to climb a tree than mrppyuheif
yjvrvi is a bear, gvkzyfnpsl is a deer, so yjvrvi is more likely to climb a tree than gvkzyfnpsl
tptnwbqzl is a bear, wylowuqnd is a deer, so tptnwbqzl is more likely to climb a tree than wylowuqnd
izste is a bear, moyace is a deer, so izste is more likely to climb a tree than moyace
lrrdrtgw is a bear, eollfzfoxic is a deer, so lrrdrtgw is more likely to climb a tree than eollfzfoxic
eyjrxzvrc is a bear, mrppyuheif is a deer, so mrppyuheif is less likely to climb a tree than eyjrxzvrc
yjvrvi is a bear, gvkzyfnpsl is a deer, so gvkzyfnpsl is less likely to climb a tree than yjvrvi
tptnwbqzl is a bear, wylowuqnd is a deer, so wylowuqnd is less likely to climb a tree than tptnwbqzl
izste is a bear, moyace is a deer, so moyace is less likely to climb a tree than izste
lrrdrtgw is a bear, eollfzfoxic is a deer, so eollfzfoxic is less likely to climb a tree than lrrdrtgw
rojqnfvmo is a bear, douvgmrp is a deer, so rojqnfvmo is not less likely to climb a tree than douvgmrp
omde is a bear, mqic is a deer, so omde is not less likely to climb a tree than mqic
mmy is a bear, emkisbwjugnu is a deer, so mmy is not less likely to climb a tree than emkisbwjugnu
ncahennr is a bear, kywcup is a deer, so ncahennr is not less likely to climb a tree than kywcup
cemln is a bear, wyi is a deer, so cemln is not less likely to climb a tree than wyi
douvgmrp is a bear, rojqnfvmo is a deer, so rojqnfvmo is not more likely to climb a tree than douvgmrp
mqic is a bear, omde is a deer, so omde is not more likely to climb a tree than mqic
emkisbwjugnu is a bear, mmy is a deer, so mmy is not more likely to climb a tree than emkisbwjugnu
kywcup is a bear, ncahennr is a deer, so ncahennr is not more likely to climb a tree than kywcup
wyi is a bear, cemln is a deer, so cemln is not more likely to climb a tree than wyi
rnckrrnl is a bear, vlyilj is a squirrel, so rnckrrnl is more likely to be in the countryside than vlyilj
ntspsszizea is a bear, kjbvxmrft is a squirrel, so ntspsszizea is more likely to be in the countryside than kjbvxmrft
qwlpw is a bear, dfoyrkjc is a squirrel, so qwlpw is more likely to be in the countryside than dfoyrkjc
idaqhorewuxn is a bear, eyhdidbkws is a squirrel, so idaqhorewuxn is more likely to be in the countryside than eyhdidbkws
uodxocwgpte is a bear, gfinqwswtv is a squirrel, so uodxocwgpte is more likely to be in the countryside than gfinqwswtv
rnckrrnl is a bear, vlyilj is a squirrel, so vlyilj is more likely to be in the countryside than rnckrrnl
ntspsszizea is a bear, kjbvxmrft is a squirrel, so kjbvxmrft is more likely to be in the countryside than ntspsszizea
qwlpw is a bear, dfoyrkjc is a squirrel, so dfoyrkjc is more likely to be in the countryside than qwlpw
idaqhorewuxn is a bear, eyhdidbkws is a squirrel, so eyhdidbkws is more likely to be in the countryside than idaqhorewuxn
uodxocwgpte is a bear, gfinqwswtv is a squirrel, so gfinqwswtv is more likely to be in the countryside than uodxocwgpte
eemzy is a bear, gugndpb is a squirrel, so eemzy is not less likely to be in the countryside than gugndpb
uhqgkivd is a bear, ogrpfcq is a squirrel, so uhqgkivd is not less likely to be in the countryside than ogrpfcq
uxogbucgega is a bear, cpos is a squirrel, so uxogbucgega is not less likely to be in the countryside than cpos
fjuott is a bear, bbzmq is a squirrel, so fjuott is not less likely to be in the countryside than bbzmq
jwbzlh is a bear, fgv is a squirrel, so jwbzlh is not less likely to be in the countryside than fgv
gugndpb is a bear, eemzy is a squirrel, so eemzy is not more likely to be in the countryside than gugndpb
ogrpfcq is a bear, uhqgkivd is a squirrel, so uhqgkivd is not more likely to be in the countryside than ogrpfcq
cpos is a bear, uxogbucgega is a squirrel, so uxogbucgega is not more likely to be in the countryside than cpos
bbzmq is a bear, fjuott is a squirrel, so fjuott is not more likely to be in the countryside than bbzmq
fgv is a bear, jwbzlh is a squirrel, so jwbzlh is not more likely to be in the countryside than fgv
rhdcmrmkg is a fox, mgyejebz is a fly, so rhdcmrmkg is less likely to be in a box than mgyejebz
mmuxstta is a fox, hyijspkky is a fly, so mmuxstta is less likely to be in a box than hyijspkky
sxedubo is a fox, serkkxk is a fly, so sxedubo is less likely to be in a box than serkkxk
aubskyhyz is a fox, ztgny is a fly, so aubskyhyz is less likely to be in a box than ztgny
tvszuts is a fox, lawnmalz is a fly, so tvszuts is less likely to be in a box than lawnmalz
rhdcmrmkg is a fox, mgyejebz is a fly, so mgyejebz is more likely to be in a box than rhdcmrmkg
mmuxstta is a fox, hyijspkky is a fly, so hyijspkky is more likely to be in a box than mmuxstta
sxedubo is a fox, serkkxk is a fly, so serkkxk is more likely to be in a box than sxedubo
aubskyhyz is a fox, ztgny is a fly, so ztgny is more likely to be in a box than aubskyhyz
tvszuts is a fox, lawnmalz is a fly, so lawnmalz is more likely to be in a box than tvszuts
zkdpbieeq is a fox, dzknes is a fly, so zkdpbieeq is not less likely to be in a box than dzknes
lpzsgksnj is a fox, qsfbgqvq is a fly, so lpzsgksnj is not less likely to be in a box than qsfbgqvq
ojypabc is a fox, ifoleqwh is a fly, so ojypabc is not less likely to be in a box than ifoleqwh
mrsbowybvk is a fox, vnbfxzh is a fly, so mrsbowybvk is not less likely to be in a box than vnbfxzh
awqyw is a fox, zgeabhyeyvh is a fly, so awqyw is not less likely to be in a box than zgeabhyeyvh
dzknes is a fox, zkdpbieeq is a fly, so zkdpbieeq is not more likely to be in a box than dzknes
qsfbgqvq is a fox, lpzsgksnj is a fly, so lpzsgksnj is not more likely to be in a box than qsfbgqvq
ifoleqwh is a fox, ojypabc is a fly, so ojypabc is not more likely to be in a box than ifoleqwh
vnbfxzh is a fox, mrsbowybvk is a fly, so mrsbowybvk is not more likely to be in a box than vnbfxzh
zgeabhyeyvh is a fox, awqyw is a fly, so awqyw is not more likely to be in a box than zgeabhyeyvh
mnafmgrqsv is a kangaroo, raai is a giraffe, so mnafmgrqsv is more likely to jump than raai
nyiwucjmwt is a kangaroo, gnixnmsxijs is a giraffe, so nyiwucjmwt is more likely to jump than gnixnmsxijs
wcci is a kangaroo, rzjdm is a giraffe, so wcci is more likely to jump than rzjdm
sqtl is a kangaroo, agbbjtql is a giraffe, so sqtl is more likely to jump than agbbjtql
rifqjhoxascz is a kangaroo, onkojwfcsmo is a giraffe, so rifqjhoxascz is more likely to jump than onkojwfcsmo
mnafmgrqsv is a kangaroo, raai is a giraffe, so raai is less likely to jump than mnafmgrqsv
nyiwucjmwt is a kangaroo, gnixnmsxijs is a giraffe, so gnixnmsxijs is less likely to jump than nyiwucjmwt
wcci is a kangaroo, rzjdm is a giraffe, so rzjdm is less likely to jump than wcci
sqtl is a kangaroo, agbbjtql is a giraffe, so agbbjtql is less likely to jump than sqtl
rifqjhoxascz is a kangaroo, onkojwfcsmo is a giraffe, so onkojwfcsmo is less likely to jump than rifqjhoxascz
vheptdvgkmz is a kangaroo, dtcbhhqtqt is a giraffe, so vheptdvgkmz is not less likely to jump than dtcbhhqtqt
imj is a kangaroo, yqbsi is a giraffe, so imj is not less likely to jump than yqbsi
hhaybgxn is a kangaroo, bwxzhzsrovqj is a giraffe, so hhaybgxn is not less likely to jump than bwxzhzsrovqj
tcyi is a kangaroo, rtbds is a giraffe, so tcyi is not less likely to jump than rtbds
idws is a kangaroo, esncx is a giraffe, so idws is not less likely to jump than esncx
dtcbhhqtqt is a kangaroo, vheptdvgkmz is a giraffe, so vheptdvgkmz is not more likely to jump than dtcbhhqtqt
yqbsi is a kangaroo, imj is a giraffe, so imj is not more likely to jump than yqbsi
bwxzhzsrovqj is a kangaroo, hhaybgxn is a giraffe, so hhaybgxn is not more likely to jump than bwxzhzsrovqj
rtbds is a kangaroo, tcyi is a giraffe, so tcyi is not more likely to jump than rtbds
esncx is a kangaroo, idws is a giraffe, so idws is not more likely to jump than esncx
jnovncr is a spider, ujt is a kangaroo, so jnovncr is more likely to be in a web than ujt
tly is a spider, dlbqn is a kangaroo, so tly is more likely to be in a web than dlbqn
nhwex is a spider, wirpghzn is a kangaroo, so nhwex is more likely to be in a web than wirpghzn
gurpqph is a spider, paxwqa is a kangaroo, so gurpqph is more likely to be in a web than paxwqa
prprsjz is a spider, cehdpu is a kangaroo, so prprsjz is more likely to be in a web than cehdpu
jnovncr is a spider, ujt is a kangaroo, so ujt is less likely to be in a web than jnovncr
tly is a spider, dlbqn is a kangaroo, so dlbqn is less likely to be in a web than tly
nhwex is a spider, wirpghzn is a kangaroo, so wirpghzn is less likely to be in a web than nhwex
gurpqph is a spider, paxwqa is a kangaroo, so paxwqa is less likely to be in a web than gurpqph
prprsjz is a spider, cehdpu is a kangaroo, so cehdpu is less likely to be in a web than prprsjz
obl is a spider, zqyfzwvmo is a kangaroo, so obl is not less likely to be in a web than zqyfzwvmo
xuhhgeayua is a spider, xjpbngyhkvmp is a kangaroo, so xuhhgeayua is not less likely to be in a web than xjpbngyhkvmp
rbttkozrqsef is a spider, pndbpzkqv is a kangaroo, so rbttkozrqsef is not less likely to be in a web than pndbpzkqv
qcc is a spider, kvxl is a kangaroo, so qcc is not less likely to be in a web than kvxl
unmebnbpxnjt is a spider, bkhvsfmh is a kangaroo, so unmebnbpxnjt is not less likely to be in a web than bkhvsfmh
zqyfzwvmo is a spider, obl is a kangaroo, so obl is not more likely to be in a web than zqyfzwvmo
xjpbngyhkvmp is a spider, xuhhgeayua is a kangaroo, so xuhhgeayua is not more likely to be in a web than xjpbngyhkvmp
pndbpzkqv is a spider, rbttkozrqsef is a kangaroo, so rbttkozrqsef is not more likely to be in a web than pndbpzkqv
kvxl is a spider, qcc is a kangaroo, so qcc is not more likely to be in a web than kvxl
bkhvsfmh is a spider, unmebnbpxnjt is a kangaroo, so unmebnbpxnjt is not more likely to be in a web than bkhvsfmh
dcokeodt is a pig, puiylbr is an alligator, so dcokeodt is more likely to find truffles than puiylbr
ssiheagaxnv is a pig, ehlsudd is an alligator, so ssiheagaxnv is more likely to find truffles than ehlsudd
cllskixkwrsy is a pig, cpxdxeh is an alligator, so cllskixkwrsy is more likely to find truffles than cpxdxeh
rehlracrhl is a pig, mixcjcwkhv is an alligator, so rehlracrhl is more likely to find truffles than mixcjcwkhv
oasimwywky is a pig, pfkpployfe is an alligator, so oasimwywky is more likely to find truffles than pfkpployfe
dcokeodt is a pig, puiylbr is an alligator, so puiylbr is less likely to find truffles than dcokeodt
ssiheagaxnv is a pig, ehlsudd is an alligator, so ehlsudd is less likely to find truffles than ssiheagaxnv
cllskixkwrsy is a pig, cpxdxeh is an alligator, so cpxdxeh is less likely to find truffles than cllskixkwrsy
rehlracrhl is a pig, mixcjcwkhv is an alligator, so mixcjcwkhv is less likely to find truffles than rehlracrhl
oasimwywky is a pig, pfkpployfe is an alligator, so pfkpployfe is less likely to find truffles than oasimwywky
fpgpijmktqg is a pig, ofxdltvzswo is an alligator, so fpgpijmktqg is not less likely to find truffles than ofxdltvzswo
fbiiivoeaxw is a pig, pgccfcuwap is an alligator, so fbiiivoeaxw is not less likely to find truffles than pgccfcuwap
yfegm is a pig, wwjoesblga is an alligator, so yfegm is not less likely to find truffles than wwjoesblga
ovjqpkeon is a pig, rodzkgr is an alligator, so ovjqpkeon is not less likely to find truffles than rodzkgr
sdscomv is a pig, rautj is an alligator, so sdscomv is not less likely to find truffles than rautj
ofxdltvzswo is a pig, fpgpijmktqg is an alligator, so fpgpijmktqg is not more likely to find truffles than ofxdltvzswo
pgccfcuwap is a pig, fbiiivoeaxw is an alligator, so fbiiivoeaxw is not more likely to find truffles than pgccfcuwap
wwjoesblga is a pig, yfegm is an alligator, so yfegm is not more likely to find truffles than wwjoesblga
rodzkgr is a pig, ovjqpkeon is an alligator, so ovjqpkeon is not more likely to find truffles than rodzkgr
rautj is a pig, sdscomv is an alligator, so sdscomv is not more likely to find truffles than rautj
gtqfgjdwe is a bee, fhgtwdaig is a tiger, so gtqfgjdwe is more likely to be in the sky than fhgtwdaig
ezy is a bee, icykt is a tiger, so ezy is more likely to be in the sky than icykt
gkurulz is a bee, lvn is a tiger, so gkurulz is more likely to be in the sky than lvn
ojxmfxv is a bee, iuh is a tiger, so ojxmfxv is more likely to be in the sky than iuh
wjpph is a bee, wjqvwdq is a tiger, so wjpph is more likely to be in the sky than wjqvwdq
gtqfgjdwe is a bee, fhgtwdaig is a tiger, so fhgtwdaig is less likely to be in the sky than gtqfgjdwe
ezy is a bee, icykt is a tiger, so icykt is less likely to be in the sky than ezy
gkurulz is a bee, lvn is a tiger, so lvn is less likely to be in the sky than gkurulz
ojxmfxv is a bee, iuh is a tiger, so iuh is less likely to be in the sky than ojxmfxv
wjpph is a bee, wjqvwdq is a tiger, so wjqvwdq is less likely to be in the sky than wjpph
kyxnlldtpbyj is a bee, ofp is a tiger, so kyxnlldtpbyj is not less likely to be in the sky than ofp
tyi is a bee, lfwu is a tiger, so tyi is not less likely to be in the sky than lfwu
mlfp is a bee, jbmkbxcjycq is a tiger, so mlfp is not less likely to be in the sky than jbmkbxcjycq
yqcjodvm is a bee, ifhrmm is a tiger, so yqcjodvm is not less likely to be in the sky than ifhrmm
cpcxgntnoi is a bee, tmtfxzx is a tiger, so cpcxgntnoi is not less likely to be in the sky than tmtfxzx
ofp is a bee, kyxnlldtpbyj is a tiger, so kyxnlldtpbyj is not more likely to be in the sky than ofp
lfwu is a bee, tyi is a tiger, so tyi is not more likely to be in the sky than lfwu
jbmkbxcjycq is a bee, mlfp is a tiger, so mlfp is not more likely to be in the sky than jbmkbxcjycq
ifhrmm is a bee, yqcjodvm is a tiger, so yqcjodvm is not more likely to be in the sky than ifhrmm
tmtfxzx is a bee, cpcxgntnoi is a tiger, so cpcxgntnoi is not more likely to be in the sky than tmtfxzx
yyguhcg is a snake, gegozbkrvd is a dolphin, so yyguhcg is more likely to be in a field than gegozbkrvd
etv is a snake, vcuosnscap is a dolphin, so etv is more likely to be in a field than vcuosnscap
ngxxfcvz is a snake, rhzak is a dolphin, so ngxxfcvz is more likely to be in a field than rhzak
gvj is a snake, zvwytj is a dolphin, so gvj is more likely to be in a field than zvwytj
vnhbetizw is a snake, brisnxgupsad is a dolphin, so vnhbetizw is more likely to be in a field than brisnxgupsad
yyguhcg is a snake, gegozbkrvd is a dolphin, so gegozbkrvd is less likely to be in a field than yyguhcg
etv is a snake, vcuosnscap is a dolphin, so vcuosnscap is less likely to be in a field than etv
ngxxfcvz is a snake, rhzak is a dolphin, so rhzak is less likely to be in a field than ngxxfcvz
gvj is a snake, zvwytj is a dolphin, so zvwytj is less likely to be in a field than gvj
vnhbetizw is a snake, brisnxgupsad is a dolphin, so brisnxgupsad is less likely to be in a field than vnhbetizw
mehmmyt is a snake, orvuykdym is a dolphin, so mehmmyt is not more likely to be in a field than orvuykdym
wiliqigxyv is a snake, rupy is a dolphin, so wiliqigxyv is not more likely to be in a field than rupy
xfnw is a snake, yzqtrcupphom is a dolphin, so xfnw is not more likely to be in a field than yzqtrcupphom
hdwvjw is a snake, qzmhp is a dolphin, so hdwvjw is not more likely to be in a field than qzmhp
jyosag is a snake, yugvsxlnmxk is a dolphin, so jyosag is not more likely to be in a field than yugvsxlnmxk
orvuykdym is a snake, mehmmyt is a dolphin, so mehmmyt is not more likely to be in a field than orvuykdym
rupy is a snake, wiliqigxyv is a dolphin, so wiliqigxyv is not more likely to be in a field than rupy
yzqtrcupphom is a snake, xfnw is a dolphin, so xfnw is not more likely to be in a field than yzqtrcupphom
qzmhp is a snake, hdwvjw is a dolphin, so hdwvjw is not more likely to be in a field than qzmhp
yugvsxlnmxk is a snake, jyosag is a dolphin, so jyosag is not more likely to be in a field than yugvsxlnmxk
kofvvua is a cat, qthbkjtydzp is a cheetah, so kofvvua is more likely to be in my lap than qthbkjtydzp
sjw is a cat, wtxql is a cheetah, so sjw is more likely to be in my lap than wtxql
dedrbzg is a cat, swqayo is a cheetah, so dedrbzg is more likely to be in my lap than swqayo
jdjiomt is a cat, tcsgpuufyx is a cheetah, so jdjiomt is more likely to be in my lap than tcsgpuufyx
bchr is a cat, gxg is a cheetah, so bchr is more likely to be in my lap than gxg
kofvvua is a cat, qthbkjtydzp is a cheetah, so qthbkjtydzp is less likely to be in my lap than kofvvua
sjw is a cat, wtxql is a cheetah, so wtxql is less likely to be in my lap than sjw
dedrbzg is a cat, swqayo is a cheetah, so swqayo is less likely to be in my lap than dedrbzg
jdjiomt is a cat, tcsgpuufyx is a cheetah, so tcsgpuufyx is less likely to be in my lap than jdjiomt
bchr is a cat, gxg is a cheetah, so gxg is less likely to be in my lap than bchr
yeitdxpdra is a cat, wmbblcytz is a cheetah, so yeitdxpdra is not less likely to be in my lap than wmbblcytz
qcqyfr is a cat, vtmrd is a cheetah, so qcqyfr is not less likely to be in my lap than vtmrd
iwl is a cat, srxqpmkvzn is a cheetah, so iwl is not less likely to be in my lap than srxqpmkvzn
qhcszslitm is a cat, dbsgifm is a cheetah, so qhcszslitm is not less likely to be in my lap than dbsgifm
kpev is a cat, tkjduyprjx is a cheetah, so kpev is not less likely to be in my lap than tkjduyprjx
wmbblcytz is a cat, yeitdxpdra is a cheetah, so yeitdxpdra is not more likely to be in my lap than wmbblcytz
vtmrd is a cat, qcqyfr is a cheetah, so qcqyfr is not more likely to be in my lap than vtmrd
srxqpmkvzn is a cat, iwl is a cheetah, so iwl is not more likely to be in my lap than srxqpmkvzn
dbsgifm is a cat, qhcszslitm is a cheetah, so qhcszslitm is not more likely to be in my lap than dbsgifm
tkjduyprjx is a cat, kpev is a cheetah, so kpev is not more likely to be in my lap than tkjduyprjx
pilbqjhyt is a fly, xemc is a fish, so pilbqjhyt is more likely to fly around than xemc
rxokotom is a fly, sjkkzlgxbou is a fish, so rxokotom is more likely to fly around than sjkkzlgxbou
lspmelv is a fly, oxpvkkdgow is a fish, so lspmelv is more likely to fly around than oxpvkkdgow
avuhctln is a fly, axv is a fish, so avuhctln is more likely to fly around than axv
ufysu is a fly, tqvfkm is a fish, so ufysu is more likely to fly around than tqvfkm
pilbqjhyt is a fly, xemc is a fish, so xemc is less likely to fly around than pilbqjhyt
rxokotom is a fly, sjkkzlgxbou is a fish, so sjkkzlgxbou is less likely to fly around than rxokotom
lspmelv is a fly, oxpvkkdgow is a fish, so oxpvkkdgow is less likely to fly around than lspmelv
avuhctln is a fly, axv is a fish, so axv is less likely to fly around than avuhctln
ufysu is a fly, tqvfkm is a fish, so tqvfkm is less likely to fly around than ufysu
ptxolaboc is a fly, uog is a fish, so ptxolaboc is not less likely to fly around than uog
ytsmkhz is a fly, ihmsx is a fish, so ytsmkhz is not less likely to fly around than ihmsx
fkkkybqys is a fly, uuhvzck is a fish, so fkkkybqys is not less likely to fly around than uuhvzck
wldulxnu is a fly, ogz is a fish, so wldulxnu is not less likely to fly around than ogz
ntrdcyrzppob is a fly, dtd is a fish, so ntrdcyrzppob is not less likely to fly around than dtd
uog is a fly, ptxolaboc is a fish, so ptxolaboc is not more likely to fly around than uog
ihmsx is a fly, ytsmkhz is a fish, so ytsmkhz is not more likely to fly around than ihmsx
uuhvzck is a fly, fkkkybqys is a fish, so fkkkybqys is not more likely to fly around than uuhvzck
ogz is a fly, wldulxnu is a fish, so wldulxnu is not more likely to fly around than ogz
dtd is a fly, ntrdcyrzppob is a fish, so ntrdcyrzppob is not more likely to fly around than dtd
gfpyuz is a turtle, raxvz is a frog, so gfpyuz is more likely to live in water than raxvz
teqnhmx is a turtle, dfuwrepe is a frog, so teqnhmx is more likely to live in water than dfuwrepe
jtwllldrdl is a turtle, pgctkg is a frog, so jtwllldrdl is more likely to live in water than pgctkg
qiy is a turtle, pctjwhrl is a frog, so qiy is more likely to live in water than pctjwhrl
fmrbj is a turtle, lmwty is a frog, so fmrbj is more likely to live in water than lmwty
gfpyuz is a turtle, raxvz is a frog, so raxvz is less likely to live in water than gfpyuz
teqnhmx is a turtle, dfuwrepe is a frog, so dfuwrepe is less likely to live in water than teqnhmx
jtwllldrdl is a turtle, pgctkg is a frog, so pgctkg is less likely to live in water than jtwllldrdl
qiy is a turtle, pctjwhrl is a frog, so pctjwhrl is less likely to live in water than qiy
fmrbj is a turtle, lmwty is a frog, so lmwty is less likely to live in water than fmrbj
adwgnnxavz is a turtle, wjrhldia is a frog, so adwgnnxavz is not less likely to live in water than wjrhldia
jyhyd is a turtle, iommwwbdar is a frog, so jyhyd is not less likely to live in water than iommwwbdar
soolmewfv is a turtle, ykqowwdosiuf is a frog, so soolmewfv is not less likely to live in water than ykqowwdosiuf
lawzythlhlln is a turtle, jhxgosiivd is a frog, so lawzythlhlln is not less likely to live in water than jhxgosiivd
txdoloe is a turtle, bxjeshsrma is a frog, so txdoloe is not less likely to live in water than bxjeshsrma
wjrhldia is a turtle, adwgnnxavz is a frog, so adwgnnxavz is not more likely to live in water than wjrhldia
iommwwbdar is a turtle, jyhyd is a frog, so jyhyd is not more likely to live in water than iommwwbdar
ykqowwdosiuf is a turtle, soolmewfv is a frog, so soolmewfv is not more likely to live in water than ykqowwdosiuf
jhxgosiivd is a turtle, lawzythlhlln is a frog, so lawzythlhlln is not more likely to live in water than jhxgosiivd
bxjeshsrma is a turtle, txdoloe is a frog, so txdoloe is not more likely to live in water than bxjeshsrma
oheqdfja is a chicken, fbs is a cat, so oheqdfja is more likely to become a food than fbs
tunfhl is a chicken, tpaw is a cat, so tunfhl is more likely to become a food than tpaw
ouywkel is a chicken, mtkpiziujqb is a cat, so ouywkel is more likely to become a food than mtkpiziujqb
lassmhmsw is a chicken, ngelupct is a cat, so lassmhmsw is more likely to become a food than ngelupct
amyglyx is a chicken, zxbhyyp is a cat, so amyglyx is more likely to become a food than zxbhyyp
oheqdfja is a chicken, fbs is a cat, so fbs is less likely to become a food than oheqdfja
tunfhl is a chicken, tpaw is a cat, so tpaw is less likely to become a food than tunfhl
ouywkel is a chicken, mtkpiziujqb is a cat, so mtkpiziujqb is less likely to become a food than ouywkel
lassmhmsw is a chicken, ngelupct is a cat, so ngelupct is less likely to become a food than lassmhmsw
amyglyx is a chicken, zxbhyyp is a cat, so zxbhyyp is less likely to become a food than amyglyx
vbnui is a chicken, efmnlobglx is a cat, so vbnui is not less likely to become a food than efmnlobglx
hogxy is a chicken, cjaylqnomld is a cat, so hogxy is not less likely to become a food than cjaylqnomld
piktoaty is a chicken, pbhjuaeutczv is a cat, so piktoaty is not less likely to become a food than pbhjuaeutczv
hiucuxq is a chicken, yzlpyxufehc is a cat, so hiucuxq is not less likely to become a food than yzlpyxufehc
hrnymojnjw is a chicken, hrmgbuxnke is a cat, so hrnymojnjw is not less likely to become a food than hrmgbuxnke
efmnlobglx is a chicken, vbnui is a cat, so vbnui is not more likely to become a food than efmnlobglx
cjaylqnomld is a chicken, hogxy is a cat, so hogxy is not more likely to become a food than cjaylqnomld
pbhjuaeutczv is a chicken, piktoaty is a cat, so piktoaty is not more likely to become a food than pbhjuaeutczv
yzlpyxufehc is a chicken, hiucuxq is a cat, so hiucuxq is not more likely to become a food than yzlpyxufehc
hrmgbuxnke is a chicken, hrnymojnjw is a cat, so hrnymojnjw is not more likely to become a food than hrmgbuxnke
lvdybw is a spider, isxwgv is a ant, so lvdybw is more likely to be on the floor than isxwgv
poni is a spider, irgijgcbttci is a ant, so poni is more likely to be on the floor than irgijgcbttci
wbrvjbhpiznv is a spider, fmfigeua is a ant, so wbrvjbhpiznv is more likely to be on the floor than fmfigeua
vhtdszcmxb is a spider, qcblulkxtgap is a ant, so vhtdszcmxb is more likely to be on the floor than qcblulkxtgap
ggrbngbslo is a spider, fyhl is a ant, so ggrbngbslo is more likely to be on the floor than fyhl
lvdybw is a spider, isxwgv is an ant, so isxwgv is more likely to be on the floor than lvdybw
poni is a spider, irgijgcbttci is an ant, so irgijgcbttci is more likely to be on the floor than poni
wbrvjbhpiznv is a spider, fmfigeua is an ant, so fmfigeua is more likely to be on the floor than wbrvjbhpiznv
vhtdszcmxb is a spider, qcblulkxtgap is an ant, so qcblulkxtgap is more likely to be on the floor than vhtdszcmxb
ggrbngbslo is a spider, fyhl is an ant, so fyhl is more likely to be on the floor than ggrbngbslo
wmlfrrdeo is a spider, nlv is an ant, so wmlfrrdeo is not more likely to be on the floor than nlv
bvzejw is a spider, zkjo is an ant, so bvzejw is not more likely to be on the floor than zkjo
xlhiw is a spider, imcugoq is an ant, so xlhiw is not more likely to be on the floor than imcugoq
zafuyfre is a spider, dlv is an ant, so zafuyfre is not more likely to be on the floor than dlv
uid is a spider, gtjep is an ant, so uid is not more likely to be on the floor than gtjep
nlv is a spider, wmlfrrdeo is an ant, so wmlfrrdeo is not more likely to be on the floor than nlv
zkjo is a spider, bvzejw is an ant, so bvzejw is not more likely to be on the floor than zkjo
imcugoq is a spider, xlhiw is an ant, so xlhiw is not more likely to be on the floor than imcugoq
dlv is a spider, zafuyfre is an ant, so zafuyfre is not more likely to be on the floor than dlv
gtjep is a spider, uid is an ant, so uid is not more likely to be on the floor than gtjep
gmwhxzuarvnx is a rabbit, czultvkttb is a seal, so gmwhxzuarvnx is more likely to spring over a bush than czultvkttb
halrddwfdp is a rabbit, nsad is a seal, so halrddwfdp is more likely to spring over a bush than nsad
nappuekewpy is a rabbit, boojstuuyv is a seal, so nappuekewpy is more likely to spring over a bush than boojstuuyv
bhnxfui is a rabbit, hbfwkkf is a seal, so bhnxfui is more likely to spring over a bush than hbfwkkf
tcgjv is a rabbit, okjogpxfrr is a seal, so tcgjv is more likely to spring over a bush than okjogpxfrr
gmwhxzuarvnx is a rabbit, czultvkttb is a seal, so czultvkttb is less likely to spring over a bush than gmwhxzuarvnx
halrddwfdp is a rabbit, nsad is a seal, so nsad is less likely to spring over a bush than halrddwfdp
nappuekewpy is a rabbit, boojstuuyv is a seal, so boojstuuyv is less likely to spring over a bush than nappuekewpy
bhnxfui is a rabbit, hbfwkkf is a seal, so hbfwkkf is less likely to spring over a bush than bhnxfui
tcgjv is a rabbit, okjogpxfrr is a seal, so okjogpxfrr is less likely to spring over a bush than tcgjv
uoun is a rabbit, kbpyrkyjefk is a seal, so uoun is not less likely to spring over a bush than kbpyrkyjefk
laytwwfvzt is a rabbit, yqtxwexbujt is a seal, so laytwwfvzt is not less likely to spring over a bush than yqtxwexbujt
gifkrvq is a rabbit, vybofyeevw is a seal, so gifkrvq is not less likely to spring over a bush than vybofyeevw
afyveohpt is a rabbit, egbsbsrfcnd is a seal, so afyveohpt is not less likely to spring over a bush than egbsbsrfcnd
hhixg is a rabbit, qrkuebivhrsm is a seal, so hhixg is not less likely to spring over a bush than qrkuebivhrsm
kbpyrkyjefk is a rabbit, uoun is a seal, so uoun is not more likely to spring over a bush than kbpyrkyjefk
yqtxwexbujt is a rabbit, laytwwfvzt is a seal, so laytwwfvzt is not more likely to spring over a bush than yqtxwexbujt
vybofyeevw is a rabbit, gifkrvq is a seal, so gifkrvq is not more likely to spring over a bush than vybofyeevw
egbsbsrfcnd is a rabbit, afyveohpt is a seal, so afyveohpt is not more likely to spring over a bush than egbsbsrfcnd
qrkuebivhrsm is a rabbit, hhixg is a seal, so hhixg is not more likely to spring over a bush than qrkuebivhrsm
zujndjgdbddm is a elephant, mtfxihweg is a rat, so zujndjgdbddm is more likely to lift logs from the ground than mtfxihweg
mzmgkxe is a elephant, bwomxkkeb is a rat, so mzmgkxe is more likely to lift logs from the ground than bwomxkkeb
qlru is a elephant, lbjlppgwr is a rat, so qlru is more likely to lift logs from the ground than lbjlppgwr
smr is a elephant, mjil is a rat, so smr is more likely to lift logs from the ground than mjil
mpmljgrso is a elephant, tor is a rat, so mpmljgrso is more likely to lift logs from the ground than tor
zujndjgdbddm is a elephant, mtfxihweg is a rat, so mtfxihweg is less likely to lift logs from the ground than zujndjgdbddm
mzmgkxe is a elephant, bwomxkkeb is a rat, so bwomxkkeb is less likely to lift logs from the ground than mzmgkxe
qlru is a elephant, lbjlppgwr is a rat, so lbjlppgwr is less likely to lift logs from the ground than qlru
smr is a elephant, mjil is a rat, so mjil is less likely to lift logs from the ground than smr
mpmljgrso is a elephant, tor is a rat, so tor is less likely to lift logs from the ground than mpmljgrso
tltcjci is a elephant, ycadtcz is a rat, so tltcjci is not less likely to lift logs from the ground than ycadtcz
xcogzhnm is a elephant, xwoxhawypgmv is a rat, so xcogzhnm is not less likely to lift logs from the ground than xwoxhawypgmv
yuxoqtqscrs is a elephant, xigpiasijdog is a rat, so yuxoqtqscrs is not less likely to lift logs from the ground than xigpiasijdog
qxtgttux is a elephant, rvbzms is a rat, so qxtgttux is not less likely to lift logs from the ground than rvbzms
ceu is a elephant, dkrepcvuviw is a rat, so ceu is not less likely to lift logs from the ground than dkrepcvuviw
ycadtcz is a elephant, tltcjci is a rat, so tltcjci is not more likely to lift logs from the ground than ycadtcz
xwoxhawypgmv is a elephant, xcogzhnm is a rat, so xcogzhnm is not more likely to lift logs from the ground than xwoxhawypgmv
xigpiasijdog is a elephant, yuxoqtqscrs is a rat, so yuxoqtqscrs is not more likely to lift logs from the ground than xigpiasijdog
rvbzms is a elephant, qxtgttux is a rat, so qxtgttux is not more likely to lift logs from the ground than rvbzms
dkrepcvuviw is a elephant, ceu is a rat, so ceu is not more likely to lift logs from the ground than dkrepcvuviw
bes is a tiger, qyjnrzcqklgr is a ant, so bes is more likely to hunt for food than qyjnrzcqklgr
vzyxjwloyi is a tiger, nwgiv is a ant, so vzyxjwloyi is more likely to hunt for food than nwgiv
yvorrfhlrcgb is a tiger, bnxxinjapza is a ant, so yvorrfhlrcgb is more likely to hunt for food than bnxxinjapza
tiodtx is a tiger, pqiehhqxmpcz is a ant, so tiodtx is more likely to hunt for food than pqiehhqxmpcz
ifdjnnih is a tiger, oxprgli is a ant, so ifdjnnih is more likely to hunt for food than oxprgli
bes is a tiger, qyjnrzcqklgr is a ant, so qyjnrzcqklgr is less likely to hunt for food than bes
vzyxjwloyi is a tiger, nwgiv is a ant, so nwgiv is less likely to hunt for food than vzyxjwloyi
yvorrfhlrcgb is a tiger, bnxxinjapza is a ant, so bnxxinjapza is less likely to hunt for food than yvorrfhlrcgb
tiodtx is a tiger, pqiehhqxmpcz is a ant, so pqiehhqxmpcz is less likely to hunt for food than tiodtx
ifdjnnih is a tiger, oxprgli is a ant, so oxprgli is less likely to hunt for food than ifdjnnih
fkfo is a tiger, mcnytcnzfk is a ant, so fkfo is not less likely to hunt for food than mcnytcnzfk
gzflubpdglwc is a tiger, zcdapkbqz is a ant, so gzflubpdglwc is not less likely to hunt for food than zcdapkbqz
xek is a tiger, waytwsy is a ant, so xek is not less likely to hunt for food than waytwsy
mshxkixo is a tiger, vzpez is a ant, so mshxkixo is not less likely to hunt for food than vzpez
oahw is a tiger, aaqmfzr is a ant, so oahw is not less likely to hunt for food than aaqmfzr
mcnytcnzfk is a tiger, fkfo is a ant, so fkfo is not more likely to hunt for food than mcnytcnzfk
zcdapkbqz is a tiger, gzflubpdglwc is a ant, so gzflubpdglwc is not more likely to hunt for food than zcdapkbqz
waytwsy is a tiger, xek is a ant, so xek is not more likely to hunt for food than waytwsy
vzpez is a tiger, mshxkixo is a ant, so mshxkixo is not more likely to hunt for food than vzpez
aaqmfzr is a tiger, oahw is a ant, so oahw is not more likely to hunt for food than aaqmfzr
vurdgp is a fish, zyhkmhledy is a eagle, so vurdgp is more likely to find the food than zyhkmhledy
zfk is a fish, qayqkkitrr is a eagle, so zfk is more likely to find the food than qayqkkitrr
pmie is a fish, pmggkjfuadpm is a eagle, so pmie is more likely to find the food than pmggkjfuadpm
rwwhy is a fish, irecmdcfivr is a eagle, so rwwhy is more likely to find the food than irecmdcfivr
nssq is a fish, xwmfipuofdd is a eagle, so nssq is more likely to find the food than xwmfipuofdd
vurdgp is a fish, zyhkmhledy is a eagle, so zyhkmhledy is less likely to find the food than vurdgp
zfk is a fish, qayqkkitrr is a eagle, so qayqkkitrr is less likely to find the food than zfk
pmie is a fish, pmggkjfuadpm is a eagle, so pmggkjfuadpm is less likely to find the food than pmie
rwwhy is a fish, irecmdcfivr is a eagle, so irecmdcfivr is less likely to find the food than rwwhy
nssq is a fish, xwmfipuofdd is a eagle, so xwmfipuofdd is less likely to find the food than nssq
fesdn is a fish, aqo is a eagle, so fesdn is not less likely to find the food than aqo
dhosb is a fish, uacgmpvuwe is a eagle, so dhosb is not less likely to find the food than uacgmpvuwe
geqmmrxsvnkx is a fish, vruavvwnfg is a eagle, so geqmmrxsvnkx is not less likely to find the food than vruavvwnfg
uzrevd is a fish, twleaaapad is a eagle, so uzrevd is not less likely to find the food than twleaaapad
fqghatgp is a fish, huuqxlyfof is a eagle, so fqghatgp is not less likely to find the food than huuqxlyfof
aqo is a fish, fesdn is a eagle, so fesdn is not more likely to find the food than aqo
uacgmpvuwe is a fish, dhosb is a eagle, so dhosb is not more likely to find the food than uacgmpvuwe
vruavvwnfg is a fish, geqmmrxsvnkx is a eagle, so geqmmrxsvnkx is not more likely to find the food than vruavvwnfg
twleaaapad is a fish, uzrevd is a eagle, so uzrevd is not more likely to find the food than twleaaapad
huuqxlyfof is a fish, fqghatgp is a eagle, so fqghatgp is not more likely to find the food than huuqxlyfof
aelzy is a goat, ibttdnitx is a cat, so aelzy is more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than ibttdnitx
kfy is a goat, hvcecdaz is a cat, so kfy is more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than hvcecdaz
avvrhmtavdr is a goat, dkokhjjkb is a cat, so avvrhmtavdr is more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than dkokhjjkb
fqemayki is a goat, nfmepqc is a cat, so fqemayki is more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than nfmepqc
bejatuo is a goat, afnmijo is a cat, so bejatuo is more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than afnmijo
aelzy is a goat, ibttdnitx is a cat, so ibttdnitx is less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than aelzy
kfy is a goat, hvcecdaz is a cat, so hvcecdaz is less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than kfy
avvrhmtavdr is a goat, dkokhjjkb is a cat, so dkokhjjkb is less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than avvrhmtavdr
fqemayki is a goat, nfmepqc is a cat, so nfmepqc is less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than fqemayki
bejatuo is a goat, afnmijo is a cat, so afnmijo is less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than bejatuo
mhvvjhpdgczu is a goat, vvnxbk is a cat, so mhvvjhpdgczu is not less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than vvnxbk
egccrx is a goat, nww is a cat, so egccrx is not less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than nww
itrxqdundwo is a goat, pkil is a cat, so itrxqdundwo is not less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than pkil
shgkunjfftd is a goat, hhjkugh is a cat, so shgkunjfftd is not less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than hhjkugh
upejew is a goat, cwcupsaghac is a cat, so upejew is not less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than cwcupsaghac
vvnxbk is a goat, mhvvjhpdgczu is a cat, so mhvvjhpdgczu is not more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than vvnxbk
nww is a goat, egccrx is a cat, so egccrx is not more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than nww
pkil is a goat, itrxqdundwo is a cat, so itrxqdundwo is not more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than pkil
hhjkugh is a goat, shgkunjfftd is a cat, so shgkunjfftd is not more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than hhjkugh
cwcupsaghac is a goat, upejew is a cat, so upejew is not more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than cwcupsaghac
fnrjpqk is a pig, lrpcua is a giraffe, so fnrjpqk is more likely to lie down than lrpcua
uiyfhjferpbm is a pig, pul is a giraffe, so uiyfhjferpbm is more likely to lie down than pul
mdfsphzfha is a pig, itkbadaxzuh is a giraffe, so mdfsphzfha is more likely to lie down than itkbadaxzuh
yicdgdwxt is a pig, uultuyveojn is a giraffe, so yicdgdwxt is more likely to lie down than uultuyveojn
uagcndbpb is a pig, lkgysakmhvxw is a giraffe, so uagcndbpb is more likely to lie down than lkgysakmhvxw
fnrjpqk is a pig, lrpcua is a giraffe, so lrpcua is less likely to lie down than fnrjpqk
uiyfhjferpbm is a pig, pul is a giraffe, so pul is less likely to lie down than uiyfhjferpbm
mdfsphzfha is a pig, itkbadaxzuh is a giraffe, so itkbadaxzuh is less likely to lie down than mdfsphzfha
yicdgdwxt is a pig, uultuyveojn is a giraffe, so uultuyveojn is less likely to lie down than yicdgdwxt
uagcndbpb is a pig, lkgysakmhvxw is a giraffe, so lkgysakmhvxw is less likely to lie down than uagcndbpb
joipcnj is a pig, xiswazc is a giraffe, so joipcnj is not less likely to lie down than xiswazc
kqj is a pig, qwvhbkfxhhsj is a giraffe, so kqj is not less likely to lie down than qwvhbkfxhhsj
refzdqglit is a pig, cyontoxnptth is a giraffe, so refzdqglit is not less likely to lie down than cyontoxnptth
uvb is a pig, mqfclyocbdog is a giraffe, so uvb is not less likely to lie down than mqfclyocbdog
wcxhnx is a pig, ovlaffh is a giraffe, so wcxhnx is not less likely to lie down than ovlaffh
xiswazc is a pig, joipcnj is a giraffe, so joipcnj is not more likely to lie down than xiswazc
qwvhbkfxhhsj is a pig, kqj is a giraffe, so kqj is not more likely to lie down than qwvhbkfxhhsj
cyontoxnptth is a pig, refzdqglit is a giraffe, so refzdqglit is not more likely to lie down than cyontoxnptth
mqfclyocbdog is a pig, uvb is a giraffe, so uvb is not more likely to lie down than mqfclyocbdog
ovlaffh is a pig, wcxhnx is a giraffe, so wcxhnx is not more likely to lie down than ovlaffh
njdmcucejd is a chicken, mbpuub is a snake, so njdmcucejd is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than mbpuub
wuczmw is a chicken, qeelbmewo is a snake, so wuczmw is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than qeelbmewo
zwelffccygq is a chicken, kmixmfsswsu is a snake, so zwelffccygq is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than kmixmfsswsu
hnqzvov is a chicken, chwhcmcwfzge is a snake, so hnqzvov is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than chwhcmcwfzge
jcxlqhdo is a chicken, fvy is a snake, so jcxlqhdo is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than fvy
njdmcucejd is a chicken, mbpuub is a snake, so mbpuub is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than njdmcucejd
wuczmw is a chicken, qeelbmewo is a snake, so qeelbmewo is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than wuczmw
zwelffccygq is a chicken, kmixmfsswsu is a snake, so kmixmfsswsu is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than zwelffccygq
hnqzvov is a chicken, chwhcmcwfzge is a snake, so chwhcmcwfzge is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than hnqzvov
jcxlqhdo is a chicken, fvy is a snake, so fvy is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than jcxlqhdo
tqbhsojjl is a chicken, frggtgaepykf is a snake, so tqbhsojjl is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than frggtgaepykf
xknq is a chicken, lmjhne is a snake, so xknq is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than lmjhne
bdxfftzxr is a chicken, doucrdxvmkvm is a snake, so bdxfftzxr is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than doucrdxvmkvm
dtgolvqhd is a chicken, jqtqh is a snake, so dtgolvqhd is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than jqtqh
yedbg is a chicken, uadbk is a snake, so yedbg is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than uadbk
frggtgaepykf is a chicken, tqbhsojjl is a snake, so tqbhsojjl is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than frggtgaepykf
lmjhne is a chicken, xknq is a snake, so xknq is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than lmjhne
doucrdxvmkvm is a chicken, bdxfftzxr is a snake, so bdxfftzxr is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than doucrdxvmkvm
jqtqh is a chicken, dtgolvqhd is a snake, so dtgolvqhd is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than jqtqh
uadbk is a chicken, yedbg is a snake, so yedbg is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than uadbk
iviakzcljr is a cat, vqptpkc is a ant, so iviakzcljr is more likely to be at a vet than vqptpkc
cqrnfnh is a cat, ccqennhb is a ant, so cqrnfnh is more likely to be at a vet than ccqennhb
ntz is a cat, yultxvl is a ant, so ntz is more likely to be at a vet than yultxvl
dacjhqk is a cat, zaybppfxbday is a ant, so dacjhqk is more likely to be at a vet than zaybppfxbday
kiyogxoot is a cat, pnvvvwbbky is a ant, so kiyogxoot is more likely to be at a vet than pnvvvwbbky
iviakzcljr is a cat, vqptpkc is an ant, so vqptpkc is less likely to be at a vet than iviakzcljr
cqrnfnh is a cat, ccqennhb is an ant, so ccqennhb is less likely to be at a vet than cqrnfnh
ntz is a cat, yultxvl is an ant, so yultxvl is less likely to be at a vet than ntz
dacjhqk is a cat, zaybppfxbday is an ant, so zaybppfxbday is less likely to be at a vet than dacjhqk
kiyogxoot is a cat, pnvvvwbbky is an ant, so pnvvvwbbky is less likely to be at a vet than kiyogxoot
rmx is a cat, nebwtqqdrbg is an ant, so rmx is not less likely to be at a vet than nebwtqqdrbg
uwcfjhq is a cat, qecedpigozh is an ant, so uwcfjhq is not less likely to be at a vet than qecedpigozh
wzeycmr is a cat, lupxdneqmjl is an ant, so wzeycmr is not less likely to be at a vet than lupxdneqmjl
cnkqtqr is a cat, fzfgtxuo is an ant, so cnkqtqr is not less likely to be at a vet than fzfgtxuo
nldgzdgmx is a cat, fyd is an ant, so nldgzdgmx is not less likely to be at a vet than fyd
nebwtqqdrbg is a cat, rmx is an ant, so rmx is not more likely to be at a vet than nebwtqqdrbg
qecedpigozh is a cat, uwcfjhq is an ant, so uwcfjhq is not more likely to be at a vet than qecedpigozh
lupxdneqmjl is a cat, wzeycmr is an ant, so wzeycmr is not more likely to be at a vet than lupxdneqmjl
fzfgtxuo is a cat, cnkqtqr is an ant, so cnkqtqr is not more likely to be at a vet than fzfgtxuo
fyd is a cat, nldgzdgmx is an ant, so nldgzdgmx is not more likely to be at a vet than fyd
caiegshdr is a bear, rweudezmr is a shark, so caiegshdr is more likely to mother a cub than rweudezmr
qmfazu is a bear, bka is a shark, so qmfazu is more likely to mother a cub than bka
hptdi is a bear, iwcyclttdxgx is a shark, so hptdi is more likely to mother a cub than iwcyclttdxgx
ygctho is a bear, eydxcmgej is a shark, so ygctho is more likely to mother a cub than eydxcmgej
yfmluwycjeyf is a bear, vfilneeefusi is a shark, so yfmluwycjeyf is more likely to mother a cub than vfilneeefusi
caiegshdr is a bear, rweudezmr is a shark, so rweudezmr is less likely to mother a cub than caiegshdr
qmfazu is a bear, bka is a shark, so bka is less likely to mother a cub than qmfazu
hptdi is a bear, iwcyclttdxgx is a shark, so iwcyclttdxgx is less likely to mother a cub than hptdi
ygctho is a bear, eydxcmgej is a shark, so eydxcmgej is less likely to mother a cub than ygctho
yfmluwycjeyf is a bear, vfilneeefusi is a shark, so vfilneeefusi is less likely to mother a cub than yfmluwycjeyf
tizjhje is a bear, tmjzeqfjo is a shark, so tizjhje is not less likely to mother a cub than tmjzeqfjo
batrmipnqrxt is a bear, oivked is a shark, so batrmipnqrxt is not less likely to mother a cub than oivked
vplkdrfvg is a bear, etiweowkymva is a shark, so vplkdrfvg is not less likely to mother a cub than etiweowkymva
sarp is a bear, mizgtprioatr is a shark, so sarp is not less likely to mother a cub than mizgtprioatr
ipanryxpvah is a bear, bvqkcof is a shark, so ipanryxpvah is not less likely to mother a cub than bvqkcof
tmjzeqfjo is a bear, tizjhje is a shark, so tizjhje is not more likely to mother a cub than tmjzeqfjo
oivked is a bear, batrmipnqrxt is a shark, so batrmipnqrxt is not more likely to mother a cub than oivked
etiweowkymva is a bear, vplkdrfvg is a shark, so vplkdrfvg is not more likely to mother a cub than etiweowkymva
mizgtprioatr is a bear, sarp is a shark, so sarp is not more likely to mother a cub than mizgtprioatr
bvqkcof is a bear, ipanryxpvah is a shark, so ipanryxpvah is not more likely to mother a cub than bvqkcof
tsloeh is a kangaroo, gnfxuaonyjhq is a goat, so tsloeh is more likely to be jumping high than gnfxuaonyjhq
eygxribxxb is a kangaroo, vofgxh is a goat, so eygxribxxb is more likely to be jumping high than vofgxh
opefyynpbqgy is a kangaroo, dxugfwfzaa is a goat, so opefyynpbqgy is more likely to be jumping high than dxugfwfzaa
tkovwtvs is a kangaroo, rhkdevxzrjvb is a goat, so tkovwtvs is more likely to be jumping high than rhkdevxzrjvb
dhjryf is a kangaroo, vghrnufecw is a goat, so dhjryf is more likely to be jumping high than vghrnufecw
tsloeh is a kangaroo, gnfxuaonyjhq is a goat, so gnfxuaonyjhq is less likely to be jumping high than tsloeh
eygxribxxb is a kangaroo, vofgxh is a goat, so vofgxh is less likely to be jumping high than eygxribxxb
opefyynpbqgy is a kangaroo, dxugfwfzaa is a goat, so dxugfwfzaa is less likely to be jumping high than opefyynpbqgy
tkovwtvs is a kangaroo, rhkdevxzrjvb is a goat, so rhkdevxzrjvb is less likely to be jumping high than tkovwtvs
dhjryf is a kangaroo, vghrnufecw is a goat, so vghrnufecw is less likely to be jumping high than dhjryf
lhpgxmcvp is a kangaroo, rkmzirt is a goat, so lhpgxmcvp is not less likely to be jumping high than rkmzirt
liujrwyr is a kangaroo, kgxcizqlquqm is a goat, so liujrwyr is not less likely to be jumping high than kgxcizqlquqm
krukcmwill is a kangaroo, hqedv is a goat, so krukcmwill is not less likely to be jumping high than hqedv
vodpb is a kangaroo, smsl is a goat, so vodpb is not less likely to be jumping high than smsl
xdpf is a kangaroo, keti is a goat, so xdpf is not less likely to be jumping high than keti
rkmzirt is a kangaroo, lhpgxmcvp is a goat, so lhpgxmcvp is not more likely to be jumping high than rkmzirt
kgxcizqlquqm is a kangaroo, liujrwyr is a goat, so liujrwyr is not more likely to be jumping high than kgxcizqlquqm
hqedv is a kangaroo, krukcmwill is a goat, so krukcmwill is not more likely to be jumping high than hqedv
smsl is a kangaroo, vodpb is a goat, so vodpb is not more likely to be jumping high than smsl
keti is a kangaroo, xdpf is a goat, so xdpf is not more likely to be jumping high than keti
fibydzqnn is a seal, oxuxde is a turtle, so fibydzqnn is more likely to be in a zoo than oxuxde
qokwdgcsp is a seal, xvsohhqjazd is a turtle, so qokwdgcsp is more likely to be in a zoo than xvsohhqjazd
fqkugqlptj is a seal, sfkznfpm is a turtle, so fqkugqlptj is more likely to be in a zoo than sfkznfpm
zkbwvhhhzqv is a seal, xkhjjwxbowj is a turtle, so zkbwvhhhzqv is more likely to be in a zoo than xkhjjwxbowj
uwoty is a seal, exumzoeuv is a turtle, so uwoty is more likely to be in a zoo than exumzoeuv
fibydzqnn is a seal, oxuxde is a turtle, so oxuxde is more likely to be in a zoo than fibydzqnn
qokwdgcsp is a seal, xvsohhqjazd is a turtle, so xvsohhqjazd is more likely to be in a zoo than qokwdgcsp
fqkugqlptj is a seal, sfkznfpm is a turtle, so sfkznfpm is more likely to be in a zoo than fqkugqlptj
zkbwvhhhzqv is a seal, xkhjjwxbowj is a turtle, so xkhjjwxbowj is more likely to be in a zoo than zkbwvhhhzqv
uwoty is a seal, exumzoeuv is a turtle, so exumzoeuv is more likely to be in a zoo than uwoty
lusjr is a seal, uwvh is a turtle, so lusjr is not less likely to be in a zoo than uwvh
riyygfj is a seal, wehqsxsgedp is a turtle, so riyygfj is not less likely to be in a zoo than wehqsxsgedp
pmspbvys is a seal, xgwvbzsylpvr is a turtle, so pmspbvys is not less likely to be in a zoo than xgwvbzsylpvr
nnge is a seal, xbmflhg is a turtle, so nnge is not less likely to be in a zoo than xbmflhg
tokhsczfi is a seal, zrufn is a turtle, so tokhsczfi is not less likely to be in a zoo than zrufn
uwvh is a seal, lusjr is a turtle, so lusjr is not more likely to be in a zoo than uwvh
wehqsxsgedp is a seal, riyygfj is a turtle, so riyygfj is not more likely to be in a zoo than wehqsxsgedp
xgwvbzsylpvr is a seal, pmspbvys is a turtle, so pmspbvys is not more likely to be in a zoo than xgwvbzsylpvr
xbmflhg is a seal, nnge is a turtle, so nnge is not more likely to be in a zoo than xbmflhg
zrufn is a seal, tokhsczfi is a turtle, so tokhsczfi is not more likely to be in a zoo than zrufn
cxoprppz is a bear, hbvqmftbnp is a zebra, so cxoprppz is more likely to mother her cubs than hbvqmftbnp
wtcdqjqnx is a bear, xwrzpkgkgri is a zebra, so wtcdqjqnx is more likely to mother her cubs than xwrzpkgkgri
xaysyphom is a bear, bay is a zebra, so xaysyphom is more likely to mother her cubs than bay
woidacoxsx is a bear, ajsvcwx is a zebra, so woidacoxsx is more likely to mother her cubs than ajsvcwx
xnjphbbemsl is a bear, djdgbvvmncm is a zebra, so xnjphbbemsl is more likely to mother her cubs than djdgbvvmncm
cxoprppz is a bear, hbvqmftbnp is a zebra, so hbvqmftbnp is less likely to mother her cubs than cxoprppz
wtcdqjqnx is a bear, xwrzpkgkgri is a zebra, so xwrzpkgkgri is less likely to mother her cubs than wtcdqjqnx
xaysyphom is a bear, bay is a zebra, so bay is less likely to mother her cubs than xaysyphom
woidacoxsx is a bear, ajsvcwx is a zebra, so ajsvcwx is less likely to mother her cubs than woidacoxsx
xnjphbbemsl is a bear, djdgbvvmncm is a zebra, so djdgbvvmncm is less likely to mother her cubs than xnjphbbemsl
ezcxasmso is a bear, heubjdnewu is a zebra, so ezcxasmso is not less likely to mother her cubs than heubjdnewu
urrkd is a bear, xxjvjk is a zebra, so urrkd is not less likely to mother her cubs than xxjvjk
kdg is a bear, pte is a zebra, so kdg is not less likely to mother her cubs than pte
gedjyuatniwd is a bear, rvaevwx is a zebra, so gedjyuatniwd is not less likely to mother her cubs than rvaevwx
wijtcergq is a bear, jnst is a zebra, so wijtcergq is not less likely to mother her cubs than jnst
heubjdnewu is a bear, ezcxasmso is a zebra, so ezcxasmso is not more likely to mother her cubs than heubjdnewu
xxjvjk is a bear, urrkd is a zebra, so urrkd is not more likely to mother her cubs than xxjvjk
pte is a bear, kdg is a zebra, so kdg is not more likely to mother her cubs than pte
rvaevwx is a bear, gedjyuatniwd is a zebra, so gedjyuatniwd is not more likely to mother her cubs than rvaevwx
jnst is a bear, wijtcergq is a zebra, so wijtcergq is not more likely to mother her cubs than jnst
njervb is a dog, jwf is a scorpion, so njervb is more likely to be on the rug than jwf
xrsiysqqj is a dog, qygyfupqk is a scorpion, so xrsiysqqj is more likely to be on the rug than qygyfupqk
gloch is a dog, zfydhelb is a scorpion, so gloch is more likely to be on the rug than zfydhelb
ztqotqpc is a dog, wmwpog is a scorpion, so ztqotqpc is more likely to be on the rug than wmwpog
yyaaun is a dog, vytzojv is a scorpion, so yyaaun is more likely to be on the rug than vytzojv
njervb is a dog, jwf is a scorpion, so jwf is less likely to be on the rug than njervb
xrsiysqqj is a dog, qygyfupqk is a scorpion, so qygyfupqk is less likely to be on the rug than xrsiysqqj
gloch is a dog, zfydhelb is a scorpion, so zfydhelb is less likely to be on the rug than gloch
ztqotqpc is a dog, wmwpog is a scorpion, so wmwpog is less likely to be on the rug than ztqotqpc
yyaaun is a dog, vytzojv is a scorpion, so vytzojv is less likely to be on the rug than yyaaun
ldgbmodra is a dog, qvmfgfmxq is a scorpion, so ldgbmodra is not more likely to be on the rug than qvmfgfmxq
fpayq is a dog, bbrx is a scorpion, so fpayq is not more likely to be on the rug than bbrx
vmilkvku is a dog, mbzz is a scorpion, so vmilkvku is not more likely to be on the rug than mbzz
owbr is a dog, yelrubaiqnx is a scorpion, so owbr is not more likely to be on the rug than yelrubaiqnx
rnjgzidglhm is a dog, qjhjoz is a scorpion, so rnjgzidglhm is not more likely to be on the rug than qjhjoz
qvmfgfmxq is a dog, ldgbmodra is a scorpion, so ldgbmodra is not more likely to be on the rug than qvmfgfmxq
bbrx is a dog, fpayq is a scorpion, so fpayq is not more likely to be on the rug than bbrx
mbzz is a dog, vmilkvku is a scorpion, so vmilkvku is not more likely to be on the rug than mbzz
yelrubaiqnx is a dog, owbr is a scorpion, so owbr is not more likely to be on the rug than yelrubaiqnx
qjhjoz is a dog, rnjgzidglhm is a scorpion, so rnjgzidglhm is not more likely to be on the rug than qjhjoz
bfbu is a rat, szzpkete is a duck, so bfbu is more likely to be in a subway tunnel than szzpkete
micznxyfvvso is a rat, inptbskbt is a duck, so micznxyfvvso is more likely to be in a subway tunnel than inptbskbt
clp is a rat, vlfbupjje is a duck, so clp is more likely to be in a subway tunnel than vlfbupjje
jppwopxrhmk is a rat, hiszill is a duck, so jppwopxrhmk is more likely to be in a subway tunnel than hiszill
imnzblgsfl is a rat, ffutoczldydp is a duck, so imnzblgsfl is more likely to be in a subway tunnel than ffutoczldydp
bfbu is a rat, szzpkete is a duck, so szzpkete is less likely to be in a subway tunnel than bfbu
micznxyfvvso is a rat, inptbskbt is a duck, so inptbskbt is less likely to be in a subway tunnel than micznxyfvvso
clp is a rat, vlfbupjje is a duck, so vlfbupjje is less likely to be in a subway tunnel than clp
jppwopxrhmk is a rat, hiszill is a duck, so hiszill is less likely to be in a subway tunnel than jppwopxrhmk
imnzblgsfl is a rat, ffutoczldydp is a duck, so ffutoczldydp is less likely to be in a subway tunnel than imnzblgsfl
feukqdcxr is a rat, choy is a duck, so feukqdcxr is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than choy
xkkerf is a rat, bomydmiynd is a duck, so xkkerf is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than bomydmiynd
nvxjucfu is a rat, gsnt is a duck, so nvxjucfu is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than gsnt
meaowdw is a rat, cxqmwbep is a duck, so meaowdw is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than cxqmwbep
pmnd is a rat, yqw is a duck, so pmnd is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than yqw
choy is a rat, feukqdcxr is a duck, so feukqdcxr is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than choy
bomydmiynd is a rat, xkkerf is a duck, so xkkerf is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than bomydmiynd
gsnt is a rat, nvxjucfu is a duck, so nvxjucfu is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than gsnt
cxqmwbep is a rat, meaowdw is a duck, so meaowdw is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than cxqmwbep
yqw is a rat, pmnd is a duck, so pmnd is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than yqw
dwx is a monkey, aurstaw is a horse, so dwx is less likely to turn on a light switch than aurstaw
llcymlhqsq is a monkey, swvmp is a horse, so llcymlhqsq is less likely to turn on a light switch than swvmp
qjeedwcmrbpt is a monkey, gcl is a horse, so qjeedwcmrbpt is less likely to turn on a light switch than gcl
ulnrpllh is a monkey, qziviugzdga is a horse, so ulnrpllh is less likely to turn on a light switch than qziviugzdga
rkoct is a monkey, rdjzzpxasp is a horse, so rkoct is less likely to turn on a light switch than rdjzzpxasp
dwx is a monkey, aurstaw is a horse, so aurstaw is less likely to turn on a light switch than dwx
llcymlhqsq is a monkey, swvmp is a horse, so swvmp is less likely to turn on a light switch than llcymlhqsq
qjeedwcmrbpt is a monkey, gcl is a horse, so gcl is less likely to turn on a light switch than qjeedwcmrbpt
ulnrpllh is a monkey, qziviugzdga is a horse, so qziviugzdga is less likely to turn on a light switch than ulnrpllh
rkoct is a monkey, rdjzzpxasp is a horse, so rdjzzpxasp is less likely to turn on a light switch than rkoct
auiicfelxx is a monkey, tkksztxoaemq is a horse, so auiicfelxx is not less likely to turn on a light switch than tkksztxoaemq
cqsvfi is a monkey, hogiiqjbrpma is a horse, so cqsvfi is not less likely to turn on a light switch than hogiiqjbrpma
mgqwrx is a monkey, tvaegnaywek is a horse, so mgqwrx is not less likely to turn on a light switch than tvaegnaywek
vkbmycu is a monkey, zfcw is a horse, so vkbmycu is not less likely to turn on a light switch than zfcw
nuevcyuf is a monkey, gwslluartfl is a horse, so nuevcyuf is not less likely to turn on a light switch than gwslluartfl
tkksztxoaemq is a monkey, auiicfelxx is a horse, so auiicfelxx is not more likely to turn on a light switch than tkksztxoaemq
hogiiqjbrpma is a monkey, cqsvfi is a horse, so cqsvfi is not more likely to turn on a light switch than hogiiqjbrpma
tvaegnaywek is a monkey, mgqwrx is a horse, so mgqwrx is not more likely to turn on a light switch than tvaegnaywek
zfcw is a monkey, vkbmycu is a horse, so vkbmycu is not more likely to turn on a light switch than zfcw
gwslluartfl is a monkey, nuevcyuf is a horse, so nuevcyuf is not more likely to turn on a light switch than gwslluartfl
snhlmy is a dog, xfi is a turtle, so snhlmy is more likely to sense danger than xfi
tgteotubty is a dog, oscaz is a turtle, so tgteotubty is more likely to sense danger than oscaz
pvyjhdft is a dog, dfwrmlkdwzd is a turtle, so pvyjhdft is more likely to sense danger than dfwrmlkdwzd
pqzusz is a dog, wwywmsudjz is a turtle, so pqzusz is more likely to sense danger than wwywmsudjz
iokamcv is a dog, wkf is a turtle, so iokamcv is more likely to sense danger than wkf
snhlmy is a dog, xfi is a turtle, so xfi is less likely to sense danger than snhlmy
tgteotubty is a dog, oscaz is a turtle, so oscaz is less likely to sense danger than tgteotubty
pvyjhdft is a dog, dfwrmlkdwzd is a turtle, so dfwrmlkdwzd is less likely to sense danger than pvyjhdft
pqzusz is a dog, wwywmsudjz is a turtle, so wwywmsudjz is less likely to sense danger than pqzusz
iokamcv is a dog, wkf is a turtle, so wkf is less likely to sense danger than iokamcv
ktzycdu is a dog, qzn is a turtle, so ktzycdu is not less likely to sense danger than qzn
htyjqundfnbc is a dog, ysx is a turtle, so htyjqundfnbc is not less likely to sense danger than ysx
arqpltnjhsk is a dog, yivomi is a turtle, so arqpltnjhsk is not less likely to sense danger than yivomi
kytv is a dog, szkhgkns is a turtle, so kytv is not less likely to sense danger than szkhgkns
ahotxx is a dog, fywgvxbetl is a turtle, so ahotxx is not less likely to sense danger than fywgvxbetl
qzn is a dog, ktzycdu is a turtle, so ktzycdu is not more likely to sense danger than qzn
ysx is a dog, htyjqundfnbc is a turtle, so htyjqundfnbc is not more likely to sense danger than ysx
yivomi is a dog, arqpltnjhsk is a turtle, so arqpltnjhsk is not more likely to sense danger than yivomi
szkhgkns is a dog, kytv is a turtle, so kytv is not more likely to sense danger than szkhgkns
fywgvxbetl is a dog, ahotxx is a turtle, so ahotxx is not more likely to sense danger than fywgvxbetl
bcgfpbzzst is a cat, ayshzdzpxp is a lobster, so bcgfpbzzst is more likely to be in your way than ayshzdzpxp
wjsohqtwxee is a cat, jozworpgvaac is a lobster, so wjsohqtwxee is more likely to be in your way than jozworpgvaac
orddjq is a cat, zugh is a lobster, so orddjq is more likely to be in your way than zugh
dnrhhhhwp is a cat, lrjfvcbpwpeo is a lobster, so dnrhhhhwp is more likely to be in your way than lrjfvcbpwpeo
lwqkfzne is a cat, het is a lobster, so lwqkfzne is more likely to be in your way than het
bcgfpbzzst is a cat, ayshzdzpxp is a lobster, so ayshzdzpxp is less likely to be in your way than bcgfpbzzst
wjsohqtwxee is a cat, jozworpgvaac is a lobster, so jozworpgvaac is less likely to be in your way than wjsohqtwxee
orddjq is a cat, zugh is a lobster, so zugh is less likely to be in your way than orddjq
dnrhhhhwp is a cat, lrjfvcbpwpeo is a lobster, so lrjfvcbpwpeo is less likely to be in your way than dnrhhhhwp
lwqkfzne is a cat, het is a lobster, so het is less likely to be in your way than lwqkfzne
whb is a cat, ifesxhyf is a lobster, so whb is not less likely to be in your way than ifesxhyf
fkkmvxyhcs is a cat, zvzj is a lobster, so fkkmvxyhcs is not less likely to be in your way than zvzj
rkrlkjpedbpe is a cat, myvnf is a lobster, so rkrlkjpedbpe is not less likely to be in your way than myvnf
kvjnnmpalwh is a cat, fsmteydsqg is a lobster, so kvjnnmpalwh is not less likely to be in your way than fsmteydsqg
rzjjqazfbvz is a cat, unegv is a lobster, so rzjjqazfbvz is not less likely to be in your way than unegv
ifesxhyf is a cat, whb is a lobster, so whb is not more likely to be in your way than ifesxhyf
zvzj is a cat, fkkmvxyhcs is a lobster, so fkkmvxyhcs is not more likely to be in your way than zvzj
myvnf is a cat, rkrlkjpedbpe is a lobster, so rkrlkjpedbpe is not more likely to be in your way than myvnf
fsmteydsqg is a cat, kvjnnmpalwh is a lobster, so kvjnnmpalwh is not more likely to be in your way than fsmteydsqg
unegv is a cat, rzjjqazfbvz is a lobster, so rzjjqazfbvz is not more likely to be in your way than unegv
zmdmsjqfmol is a spider, kjvhfjfzdtp is a monkey, so zmdmsjqfmol is more likely to inject venom than kjvhfjfzdtp
fkizryrcen is a spider, xgdzkqkzsk is a monkey, so fkizryrcen is more likely to inject venom than xgdzkqkzsk
luexemml is a spider, keovpb is a monkey, so luexemml is more likely to inject venom than keovpb
ejwftb is a spider, bhxlvkjvyrw is a monkey, so ejwftb is more likely to inject venom than bhxlvkjvyrw
aiue is a spider, hawwdqapoph is a monkey, so aiue is more likely to inject venom than hawwdqapoph
zmdmsjqfmol is a spider, kjvhfjfzdtp is a monkey, so kjvhfjfzdtp is less likely to inject venom than zmdmsjqfmol
fkizryrcen is a spider, xgdzkqkzsk is a monkey, so xgdzkqkzsk is less likely to inject venom than fkizryrcen
luexemml is a spider, keovpb is a monkey, so keovpb is less likely to inject venom than luexemml
ejwftb is a spider, bhxlvkjvyrw is a monkey, so bhxlvkjvyrw is less likely to inject venom than ejwftb
aiue is a spider, hawwdqapoph is a monkey, so hawwdqapoph is less likely to inject venom than aiue
anjyeb is a spider, jtruwwqldb is a monkey, so anjyeb is not more likely to inject venom than jtruwwqldb
nlxk is a spider, wvopqwsqlfhr is a monkey, so nlxk is not more likely to inject venom than wvopqwsqlfhr
bcitp is a spider, uwozj is a monkey, so bcitp is not more likely to inject venom than uwozj
gbfiw is a spider, adhmjjil is a monkey, so gbfiw is not more likely to inject venom than adhmjjil
ptz is a spider, rorpemescor is a monkey, so ptz is not more likely to inject venom than rorpemescor
jtruwwqldb is a spider, anjyeb is a monkey, so anjyeb is not more likely to inject venom than jtruwwqldb
wvopqwsqlfhr is a spider, nlxk is a monkey, so nlxk is not more likely to inject venom than wvopqwsqlfhr
uwozj is a spider, bcitp is a monkey, so bcitp is not more likely to inject venom than uwozj
adhmjjil is a spider, gbfiw is a monkey, so gbfiw is not more likely to inject venom than adhmjjil
rorpemescor is a spider, ptz is a monkey, so ptz is not more likely to inject venom than rorpemescor
uhqbjuwi is a hamster, jdnsbpgo is a octopus, so uhqbjuwi is more likely to burrow than jdnsbpgo
yqhd is a hamster, dncqg is a octopus, so yqhd is more likely to burrow than dncqg
ngags is a hamster, iyrm is a octopus, so ngags is more likely to burrow than iyrm
xprxfuj is a hamster, fiauddtsw is a octopus, so xprxfuj is more likely to burrow than fiauddtsw
xknypo is a hamster, csvbtnyuo is a octopus, so xknypo is more likely to burrow than csvbtnyuo
uhqbjuwi is a hamster, jdnsbpgo is a octopus, so jdnsbpgo is less likely to burrow than uhqbjuwi
yqhd is a hamster, dncqg is a octopus, so dncqg is less likely to burrow than yqhd
ngags is a hamster, iyrm is a octopus, so iyrm is less likely to burrow than ngags
xprxfuj is a hamster, fiauddtsw is a octopus, so fiauddtsw is less likely to burrow than xprxfuj
xknypo is a hamster, csvbtnyuo is a octopus, so csvbtnyuo is less likely to burrow than xknypo
nmbcu is a hamster, fsxmgs is a octopus, so nmbcu is not less likely to burrow than fsxmgs
oksr is a hamster, ifpfk is a octopus, so oksr is not less likely to burrow than ifpfk
ijwbawmau is a hamster, zhkcdilaj is a octopus, so ijwbawmau is not less likely to burrow than zhkcdilaj
unwpjaoutv is a hamster, jlgst is a octopus, so unwpjaoutv is not less likely to burrow than jlgst
ogbw is a hamster, sbupsls is a octopus, so ogbw is not less likely to burrow than sbupsls
fsxmgs is a hamster, nmbcu is a octopus, so nmbcu is not more likely to burrow than fsxmgs
ifpfk is a hamster, oksr is a octopus, so oksr is not more likely to burrow than ifpfk
zhkcdilaj is a hamster, ijwbawmau is a octopus, so ijwbawmau is not more likely to burrow than zhkcdilaj
jlgst is a hamster, unwpjaoutv is a octopus, so unwpjaoutv is not more likely to burrow than jlgst
sbupsls is a hamster, ogbw is a octopus, so ogbw is not more likely to burrow than sbupsls
vquohj is a dog, gmewbouy is a fox, so vquohj is less likely to run than gmewbouy
epwsnwypw is a dog, yovfg is a fox, so epwsnwypw is less likely to run than yovfg
smd is a dog, cqzpjj is a fox, so smd is less likely to run than cqzpjj
askb is a dog, hntfss is a fox, so askb is less likely to run than hntfss
ycvxognvilrp is a dog, cbortqrftk is a fox, so ycvxognvilrp is less likely to run than cbortqrftk
vquohj is a dog, gmewbouy is a fox, so gmewbouy is less likely to run than vquohj
epwsnwypw is a dog, yovfg is a fox, so yovfg is less likely to run than epwsnwypw
smd is a dog, cqzpjj is a fox, so cqzpjj is less likely to run than smd
askb is a dog, hntfss is a fox, so hntfss is less likely to run than askb
ycvxognvilrp is a dog, cbortqrftk is a fox, so cbortqrftk is less likely to run than ycvxognvilrp
izcalsqyljl is a dog, uoyt is a fox, so izcalsqyljl is not less likely to run than uoyt
wfbe is a dog, ove is a fox, so wfbe is not less likely to run than ove
lyoa is a dog, ravoxrf is a fox, so lyoa is not less likely to run than ravoxrf
qflrve is a dog, ffsfcpcu is a fox, so qflrve is not less likely to run than ffsfcpcu
wwkeo is a dog, ioaxuxxba is a fox, so wwkeo is not less likely to run than ioaxuxxba
uoyt is a dog, izcalsqyljl is a fox, so izcalsqyljl is not more likely to run than uoyt
ove is a dog, wfbe is a fox, so wfbe is not more likely to run than ove
ravoxrf is a dog, lyoa is a fox, so lyoa is not more likely to run than ravoxrf
ffsfcpcu is a dog, qflrve is a fox, so qflrve is not more likely to run than ffsfcpcu
ioaxuxxba is a dog, wwkeo is a fox, so wwkeo is not more likely to run than ioaxuxxba
zifpqr is a turtle, zkjczjkln is a snake, so zifpqr is likely to live a longer time than zkjczjkln
hddyallz is a turtle, flzkwhashxdh is a snake, so hddyallz is likely to live a longer time than flzkwhashxdh
xokexmv is a turtle, mjtwtjqdrqrc is a snake, so xokexmv is likely to live a longer time than mjtwtjqdrqrc
gzhcnrmcja is a turtle, zbfwuxqq is a snake, so gzhcnrmcja is likely to live a longer time than zbfwuxqq
cgr is a turtle, pvumk is a snake, so cgr is likely to live a longer time than pvumk
zifpqr is a turtle, zkjczjkln is a snake, so zkjczjkln is less likely to live a long time than zifpqr
hddyallz is a turtle, flzkwhashxdh is a snake, so flzkwhashxdh is less likely to live a long time than hddyallz
xokexmv is a turtle, mjtwtjqdrqrc is a snake, so mjtwtjqdrqrc is less likely to live a long time than xokexmv
gzhcnrmcja is a turtle, zbfwuxqq is a snake, so zbfwuxqq is less likely to live a long time than gzhcnrmcja
cgr is a turtle, pvumk is a snake, so pvumk is less likely to live a long time than cgr
unfvfvs is a turtle, aod is a snake, so unfvfvs is not less likely to live a long time than aod
iphdfabkp is a turtle, jajmdqocb is a snake, so iphdfabkp is not less likely to live a long time than jajmdqocb
swyumpwhy is a turtle, yor is a snake, so swyumpwhy is not less likely to live a long time than yor
fsw is a turtle, golvpyn is a snake, so fsw is not less likely to live a long time than golvpyn
aesf is a turtle, cda is a snake, so aesf is not less likely to live a long time than cda
aod is a turtle, unfvfvs is a snake, so unfvfvs is not more likely to live a long time than aod
jajmdqocb is a turtle, iphdfabkp is a snake, so iphdfabkp is not more likely to live a long time than jajmdqocb
yor is a turtle, swyumpwhy is a snake, so swyumpwhy is not more likely to live a long time than yor
golvpyn is a turtle, fsw is a snake, so fsw is not more likely to live a long time than golvpyn
cda is a turtle, aesf is a snake, so aesf is not more likely to live a long time than cda
cqmvsgjlq is a sheep, caiupelfnh is a fly, so cqmvsgjlq is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than caiupelfnh
neluhq is a sheep, aasdde is a fly, so neluhq is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than aasdde
cckhcsuy is a sheep, rbhkpolpj is a fly, so cckhcsuy is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than rbhkpolpj
iujjuqrx is a sheep, mft is a fly, so iujjuqrx is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than mft
ersvtjazrhk is a sheep, uvemzspgn is a fly, so ersvtjazrhk is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than uvemzspgn
cqmvsgjlq is a sheep, caiupelfnh is a fly, so caiupelfnh is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than cqmvsgjlq
neluhq is a sheep, aasdde is a fly, so aasdde is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than neluhq
cckhcsuy is a sheep, rbhkpolpj is a fly, so rbhkpolpj is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than cckhcsuy
iujjuqrx is a sheep, mft is a fly, so mft is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than iujjuqrx
ersvtjazrhk is a sheep, uvemzspgn is a fly, so uvemzspgn is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than ersvtjazrhk
gvcc is a sheep, ivlummv is a fly, so gvcc is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than ivlummv
ahqplojdcji is a sheep, mpuysxzu is a fly, so ahqplojdcji is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than mpuysxzu
qrk is a sheep, wuqldowgzla is a fly, so qrk is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than wuqldowgzla
obps is a sheep, kplqysos is a fly, so obps is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than kplqysos
vdxoohbardm is a sheep, xonendmka is a fly, so vdxoohbardm is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than xonendmka
ivlummv is a sheep, gvcc is a fly, so gvcc is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than ivlummv
mpuysxzu is a sheep, ahqplojdcji is a fly, so ahqplojdcji is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than mpuysxzu
wuqldowgzla is a sheep, qrk is a fly, so qrk is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than wuqldowgzla
kplqysos is a sheep, obps is a fly, so obps is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than kplqysos
xonendmka is a sheep, vdxoohbardm is a fly, so vdxoohbardm is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than xonendmka
daqrv is a bird, issr is a rabbit, so daqrv is more likely to be in a cage than issr
ubqcuy is a bird, qkeolbttpg is a rabbit, so ubqcuy is more likely to be in a cage than qkeolbttpg
ryfdzcmahkty is a bird, bwjxceykec is a rabbit, so ryfdzcmahkty is more likely to be in a cage than bwjxceykec
bbjpybiwvv is a bird, flcsluica is a rabbit, so bbjpybiwvv is more likely to be in a cage than flcsluica
yplfvjanqab is a bird, frecqgkfeqa is a rabbit, so yplfvjanqab is more likely to be in a cage than frecqgkfeqa
daqrv is a bird, issr is a rabbit, so issr is less likely to be in a cage than daqrv
ubqcuy is a bird, qkeolbttpg is a rabbit, so qkeolbttpg is less likely to be in a cage than ubqcuy
ryfdzcmahkty is a bird, bwjxceykec is a rabbit, so bwjxceykec is less likely to be in a cage than ryfdzcmahkty
bbjpybiwvv is a bird, flcsluica is a rabbit, so flcsluica is less likely to be in a cage than bbjpybiwvv
yplfvjanqab is a bird, frecqgkfeqa is a rabbit, so frecqgkfeqa is less likely to be in a cage than yplfvjanqab
wwym is a bird, titreyzkhnns is a rabbit, so wwym is not less likely to be in a cage than titreyzkhnns
ubikuwgn is a bird, khngo is a rabbit, so ubikuwgn is not less likely to be in a cage than khngo
wuwslbfki is a bird, npdd is a rabbit, so wuwslbfki is not less likely to be in a cage than npdd
jon is a bird, mcj is a rabbit, so jon is not less likely to be in a cage than mcj
kggalymbot is a bird, cjwjzicrnvw is a rabbit, so kggalymbot is not less likely to be in a cage than cjwjzicrnvw
titreyzkhnns is a bird, wwym is a rabbit, so wwym is not more likely to be in a cage than titreyzkhnns
khngo is a bird, ubikuwgn is a rabbit, so ubikuwgn is not more likely to be in a cage than khngo
npdd is a bird, wuwslbfki is a rabbit, so wuwslbfki is not more likely to be in a cage than npdd
mcj is a bird, jon is a rabbit, so jon is not more likely to be in a cage than mcj
cjwjzicrnvw is a bird, kggalymbot is a rabbit, so kggalymbot is not more likely to be in a cage than cjwjzicrnvw
qonwicsp is a ant, kbshpllsecr is a cat, so qonwicsp is more likely to be on the carpet than kbshpllsecr
svhnhdbmq is a ant, iuawzahxmrk is a cat, so svhnhdbmq is more likely to be on the carpet than iuawzahxmrk
fuyb is a ant, zfiq is a cat, so fuyb is more likely to be on the carpet than zfiq
kymhizyj is a ant, xpbeqoobyw is a cat, so kymhizyj is more likely to be on the carpet than xpbeqoobyw
ozlwmdasuqmr is a ant, julaxuqw is a cat, so ozlwmdasuqmr is more likely to be on the carpet than julaxuqw
qonwicsp is a ant, kbshpllsecr is a cat, so kbshpllsecr is less likely to be on the carpet than qonwicsp
svhnhdbmq is a ant, iuawzahxmrk is a cat, so iuawzahxmrk is less likely to be on the carpet than svhnhdbmq
fuyb is a ant, zfiq is a cat, so zfiq is less likely to be on the carpet than fuyb
kymhizyj is a ant, xpbeqoobyw is a cat, so xpbeqoobyw is less likely to be on the carpet than kymhizyj
ozlwmdasuqmr is a ant, julaxuqw is a cat, so julaxuqw is less likely to be on the carpet than ozlwmdasuqmr
igxer is a ant, exscund is a cat, so igxer is not less likely to be on the carpet than exscund
pcgeeyrkezan is a ant, egg is a cat, so pcgeeyrkezan is not less likely to be on the carpet than egg
howsrqfgf is a ant, apncifz is a cat, so howsrqfgf is not less likely to be on the carpet than apncifz
wfbugpfl is a ant, hcnasl is a cat, so wfbugpfl is not less likely to be on the carpet than hcnasl
viqebsppatum is a ant, wam is a cat, so viqebsppatum is not less likely to be on the carpet than wam
exscund is a ant, igxer is a cat, so igxer is not more likely to be on the carpet than exscund
egg is a ant, pcgeeyrkezan is a cat, so pcgeeyrkezan is not more likely to be on the carpet than egg
apncifz is a ant, howsrqfgf is a cat, so howsrqfgf is not more likely to be on the carpet than apncifz
hcnasl is a ant, wfbugpfl is a cat, so wfbugpfl is not more likely to be on the carpet than hcnasl
wam is a ant, viqebsppatum is a cat, so viqebsppatum is not more likely to be on the carpet than wam
khw is a bear, tintiq is a frog, so khw is more likely to eat a salmon than tintiq
xet is a bear, fiywxgn is a frog, so xet is more likely to eat a salmon than fiywxgn
sawjnw is a bear, yrrggktezl is a frog, so sawjnw is more likely to eat a salmon than yrrggktezl
bxtwuix is a bear, amhvwdq is a frog, so bxtwuix is more likely to eat a salmon than amhvwdq
zfghwt is a bear, zijee is a frog, so zfghwt is more likely to eat a salmon than zijee
khw is a bear, tintiq is a frog, so tintiq is less likely to eat a salmon than khw
xet is a bear, fiywxgn is a frog, so fiywxgn is less likely to eat a salmon than xet
sawjnw is a bear, yrrggktezl is a frog, so yrrggktezl is less likely to eat a salmon than sawjnw
bxtwuix is a bear, amhvwdq is a frog, so amhvwdq is less likely to eat a salmon than bxtwuix
zfghwt is a bear, zijee is a frog, so zijee is less likely to eat a salmon than zfghwt
rckojewu is a bear, wihwti is a frog, so rckojewu is not less likely to eat a salmon than wihwti
oorn is a bear, hvrrglzjz is a frog, so oorn is not less likely to eat a salmon than hvrrglzjz
ryeussmdbdvi is a bear, wprvtoakodu is a frog, so ryeussmdbdvi is not less likely to eat a salmon than wprvtoakodu
ofzagkj is a bear, oquzhgnol is a frog, so ofzagkj is not less likely to eat a salmon than oquzhgnol
pttczdgett is a bear, kiiu is a frog, so pttczdgett is not less likely to eat a salmon than kiiu
wihwti is a bear, rckojewu is a frog, so rckojewu is not more likely to eat a salmon than wihwti
hvrrglzjz is a bear, oorn is a frog, so oorn is not more likely to eat a salmon than hvrrglzjz
wprvtoakodu is a bear, ryeussmdbdvi is a frog, so ryeussmdbdvi is not more likely to eat a salmon than wprvtoakodu
oquzhgnol is a bear, ofzagkj is a frog, so ofzagkj is not more likely to eat a salmon than oquzhgnol
kiiu is a bear, pttczdgett is a frog, so pttczdgett is not more likely to eat a salmon than kiiu
tsedf is a horse, aluuhfeylj is a alligator, so tsedf is more likely to drink water than aluuhfeylj
bxxcdwja is a horse, paree is a alligator, so bxxcdwja is more likely to drink water than paree
upbjc is a horse, rpsfijqae is a alligator, so upbjc is more likely to drink water than rpsfijqae
hovvdael is a horse, vahnhtqkqnnk is a alligator, so hovvdael is more likely to drink water than vahnhtqkqnnk
vusvdpbqdnsa is a horse, vplbvev is a alligator, so vusvdpbqdnsa is more likely to drink water than vplbvev
tsedf is a horse, aluuhfeylj is a alligator, so aluuhfeylj is less likely to drink water than tsedf
bxxcdwja is a horse, paree is a alligator, so paree is less likely to drink water than bxxcdwja
upbjc is a horse, rpsfijqae is a alligator, so rpsfijqae is less likely to drink water than upbjc
hovvdael is a horse, vahnhtqkqnnk is a alligator, so vahnhtqkqnnk is less likely to drink water than hovvdael
vusvdpbqdnsa is a horse, vplbvev is a alligator, so vplbvev is less likely to drink water than vusvdpbqdnsa
rsoj is a horse, btskf is a alligator, so rsoj is not less likely to drink water than btskf
vwww is a horse, jozngoouuqsx is a alligator, so vwww is not less likely to drink water than jozngoouuqsx
link is a horse, eqzwwxyatp is a alligator, so link is not less likely to drink water than eqzwwxyatp
pvft is a horse, etufkkgkhii is a alligator, so pvft is not less likely to drink water than etufkkgkhii
estfoor is a horse, yxsznheo is a alligator, so estfoor is not less likely to drink water than yxsznheo
btskf is a horse, rsoj is an alligator, so rsoj is not less likely to drink water than btskf
jozngoouuqsx is a horse, vwww is an alligator, so vwww is not less likely to drink water than jozngoouuqsx
eqzwwxyatp is a horse, link is an alligator, so link is not less likely to drink water than eqzwwxyatp
etufkkgkhii is a horse, pvft is an alligator, so pvft is not less likely to drink water than etufkkgkhii
yxsznheo is a horse, estfoor is an alligator, so estfoor is not less likely to drink water than yxsznheo
bdhrzevmiy is a cheetah, ubqgbcrszq is a owl, so bdhrzevmiy is more likely to catch a gazelle than ubqgbcrszq
enecziuutbp is a cheetah, cwuvfogc is a owl, so enecziuutbp is more likely to catch a gazelle than cwuvfogc
uqrcvljezx is a cheetah, gedozblyo is a owl, so uqrcvljezx is more likely to catch a gazelle than gedozblyo
oncotn is a cheetah, ecflxhrekio is a owl, so oncotn is more likely to catch a gazelle than ecflxhrekio
grvcturgfqny is a cheetah, qjfjhwmw is a owl, so grvcturgfqny is more likely to catch a gazelle than qjfjhwmw
bdhrzevmiy is a cheetah, ubqgbcrszq is a owl, so ubqgbcrszq is less likely to catch a gazelle than bdhrzevmiy
enecziuutbp is a cheetah, cwuvfogc is a owl, so cwuvfogc is less likely to catch a gazelle than enecziuutbp
uqrcvljezx is a cheetah, gedozblyo is a owl, so gedozblyo is less likely to catch a gazelle than uqrcvljezx
oncotn is a cheetah, ecflxhrekio is a owl, so ecflxhrekio is less likely to catch a gazelle than oncotn
grvcturgfqny is a cheetah, qjfjhwmw is a owl, so qjfjhwmw is less likely to catch a gazelle than grvcturgfqny
oorro is a cheetah, uxzecch is a owl, so oorro is not less likely to catch a gazelle than uxzecch
infuvcwdk is a cheetah, yzaxlrv is a owl, so infuvcwdk is not less likely to catch a gazelle than yzaxlrv
wjctxnuns is a cheetah, kiuihzrimvs is a owl, so wjctxnuns is not less likely to catch a gazelle than kiuihzrimvs
olrxaztsrkjf is a cheetah, fpkbfj is a owl, so olrxaztsrkjf is not less likely to catch a gazelle than fpkbfj
cohdjbdfww is a cheetah, gmw is a owl, so cohdjbdfww is not less likely to catch a gazelle than gmw
uxzecch is a cheetah, oorro is a owl, so oorro is not more likely to catch a gazelle than uxzecch
yzaxlrv is a cheetah, infuvcwdk is a owl, so infuvcwdk is not more likely to catch a gazelle than yzaxlrv
kiuihzrimvs is a cheetah, wjctxnuns is a owl, so wjctxnuns is not more likely to catch a gazelle than kiuihzrimvs
fpkbfj is a cheetah, olrxaztsrkjf is a owl, so olrxaztsrkjf is not more likely to catch a gazelle than fpkbfj
gmw is a cheetah, cohdjbdfww is a owl, so cohdjbdfww is not more likely to catch a gazelle than gmw
lphnulkpjbd is a fox, dlrxmctngi is a giraffe, so lphnulkpjbd is more likely to kill chickens than dlrxmctngi
ftyccovh is a fox, exurqnb is a giraffe, so ftyccovh is more likely to kill chickens than exurqnb
wcjtqtrp is a fox, zib is a giraffe, so wcjtqtrp is more likely to kill chickens than zib
aahsu is a fox, iohmnilwufn is a giraffe, so aahsu is more likely to kill chickens than iohmnilwufn
tiwnqyp is a fox, toetcvu is a giraffe, so tiwnqyp is more likely to kill chickens than toetcvu
lphnulkpjbd is a fox, dlrxmctngi is a giraffe, so dlrxmctngi is less likely to kill chickens than lphnulkpjbd
ftyccovh is a fox, exurqnb is a giraffe, so exurqnb is less likely to kill chickens than ftyccovh
wcjtqtrp is a fox, zib is a giraffe, so zib is less likely to kill chickens than wcjtqtrp
aahsu is a fox, iohmnilwufn is a giraffe, so iohmnilwufn is less likely to kill chickens than aahsu
tiwnqyp is a fox, toetcvu is a giraffe, so toetcvu is less likely to kill chickens than tiwnqyp
tatjo is a fox, aezvprbgow is a giraffe, so tatjo is not less likely to kill chickens than aezvprbgow
kqzo is a fox, aopfqmgl is a giraffe, so kqzo is not less likely to kill chickens than aopfqmgl
hiaxsco is a fox, hywwg is a giraffe, so hiaxsco is not less likely to kill chickens than hywwg
bwnrpy is a fox, ehyxpiaxojc is a giraffe, so bwnrpy is not less likely to kill chickens than ehyxpiaxojc
zvcpyr is a fox, wic is a giraffe, so zvcpyr is not less likely to kill chickens than wic
aezvprbgow is a fox, tatjo is a giraffe, so tatjo is not more likely to kill chickens than aezvprbgow
aopfqmgl is a fox, kqzo is a giraffe, so kqzo is not more likely to kill chickens than aopfqmgl
hywwg is a fox, hiaxsco is a giraffe, so hiaxsco is not more likely to kill chickens than hywwg
ehyxpiaxojc is a fox, bwnrpy is a giraffe, so bwnrpy is not more likely to kill chickens than ehyxpiaxojc
wic is a fox, zvcpyr is a giraffe, so zvcpyr is not more likely to kill chickens than wic
nfanrs is a rat, sxmugsppcgrt is a fox, so nfanrs is more likely to be a pet than sxmugsppcgrt
oufkpeslnm is a rat, hxhhdbsx is a fox, so oufkpeslnm is more likely to be a pet than hxhhdbsx
mdhd is a rat, jgdnosqr is a fox, so mdhd is more likely to be a pet than jgdnosqr
qcyjnhwvxilz is a rat, tihyz is a fox, so qcyjnhwvxilz is more likely to be a pet than tihyz
hmnchrzpw is a rat, tkh is a fox, so hmnchrzpw is more likely to be a pet than tkh
nfanrs is a rat, sxmugsppcgrt is a fox, so sxmugsppcgrt is less likely to be a pet than nfanrs
oufkpeslnm is a rat, hxhhdbsx is a fox, so hxhhdbsx is less likely to be a pet than oufkpeslnm
mdhd is a rat, jgdnosqr is a fox, so jgdnosqr is less likely to be a pet than mdhd
qcyjnhwvxilz is a rat, tihyz is a fox, so tihyz is less likely to be a pet than qcyjnhwvxilz
hmnchrzpw is a rat, tkh is a fox, so tkh is less likely to be a pet than hmnchrzpw
zahrqd is a rat, phqs is a fox, so zahrqd is not more likely to be a pet than phqs
yhiesdvrw is a rat, dfjrqmxggv is a fox, so yhiesdvrw is not more likely to be a pet than dfjrqmxggv
ibmov is a rat, rxnad is a fox, so ibmov is not more likely to be a pet than rxnad
kgpssrrep is a rat, wbmercqsetor is a fox, so kgpssrrep is not more likely to be a pet than wbmercqsetor
hrplmxsqgw is a rat, vcjcp is a fox, so hrplmxsqgw is not more likely to be a pet than vcjcp
phqs is a rat, zahrqd is a fox, so zahrqd is not more likely to be a pet than phqs
dfjrqmxggv is a rat, yhiesdvrw is a fox, so yhiesdvrw is not more likely to be a pet than dfjrqmxggv
rxnad is a rat, ibmov is a fox, so ibmov is not more likely to be a pet than rxnad
wbmercqsetor is a rat, kgpssrrep is a fox, so kgpssrrep is not more likely to be a pet than wbmercqsetor
vcjcp is a rat, hrplmxsqgw is a fox, so hrplmxsqgw is not more likely to be a pet than vcjcp
dprpfeu is a deer, unonqat is a scorpion, so dprpfeu is more likely to be in the countryside than unonqat
adpv is a deer, xaqwqbgwpqw is a scorpion, so adpv is more likely to be in the countryside than xaqwqbgwpqw
aazjlaqzdgvv is a deer, fokvspwbptca is a scorpion, so aazjlaqzdgvv is more likely to be in the countryside than fokvspwbptca
gdkec is a deer, vdrlnb is a scorpion, so gdkec is more likely to be in the countryside than vdrlnb
qkalvxexuj is a deer, wrdz is a scorpion, so qkalvxexuj is more likely to be in the countryside than wrdz
dprpfeu is a deer, unonqat is a scorpion, so unonqat is less likely to be in the countryside than dprpfeu
adpv is a deer, xaqwqbgwpqw is a scorpion, so xaqwqbgwpqw is less likely to be in the countryside than adpv
aazjlaqzdgvv is a deer, fokvspwbptca is a scorpion, so fokvspwbptca is less likely to be in the countryside than aazjlaqzdgvv
gdkec is a deer, vdrlnb is a scorpion, so vdrlnb is less likely to be in the countryside than gdkec
qkalvxexuj is a deer, wrdz is a scorpion, so wrdz is less likely to be in the countryside than qkalvxexuj
ikljzy is a deer, djqlufyjiwij is a scorpion, so ikljzy is not less likely to be in the countryside than djqlufyjiwij
umszxpsncevn is a deer, ptgdxyflrq is a scorpion, so umszxpsncevn is not less likely to be in the countryside than ptgdxyflrq
zbvde is a deer, ledxuet is a scorpion, so zbvde is not less likely to be in the countryside than ledxuet
pbk is a deer, smubjaecuas is a scorpion, so pbk is not less likely to be in the countryside than smubjaecuas
kurv is a deer, evwgzs is a scorpion, so kurv is not less likely to be in the countryside than evwgzs
djqlufyjiwij is a deer, ikljzy is a scorpion, so ikljzy is not more likely to be in the countryside than djqlufyjiwij
ptgdxyflrq is a deer, umszxpsncevn is a scorpion, so umszxpsncevn is not more likely to be in the countryside than ptgdxyflrq
ledxuet is a deer, zbvde is a scorpion, so zbvde is not more likely to be in the countryside than ledxuet
smubjaecuas is a deer, pbk is a scorpion, so pbk is not more likely to be in the countryside than smubjaecuas
evwgzs is a deer, kurv is a scorpion, so kurv is not more likely to be in the countryside than evwgzs
gse is a tiger, zqljhqmcrg is a turtle, so gse is more likely to spring from the bush than zqljhqmcrg
bjzvq is a tiger, frcglffhnwdt is a turtle, so bjzvq is more likely to spring from the bush than frcglffhnwdt
dwmp is a tiger, oompnvtbh is a turtle, so dwmp is more likely to spring from the bush than oompnvtbh
gkieafrao is a tiger, lmvljej is a turtle, so gkieafrao is more likely to spring from the bush than lmvljej
pgecccyjy is a tiger, hzgmuuhcqmys is a turtle, so pgecccyjy is more likely to spring from the bush than hzgmuuhcqmys
gse is a tiger, zqljhqmcrg is a turtle, so zqljhqmcrg is less likely to spring from the bush than gse
bjzvq is a tiger, frcglffhnwdt is a turtle, so frcglffhnwdt is less likely to spring from the bush than bjzvq
dwmp is a tiger, oompnvtbh is a turtle, so oompnvtbh is less likely to spring from the bush than dwmp
gkieafrao is a tiger, lmvljej is a turtle, so lmvljej is less likely to spring from the bush than gkieafrao
pgecccyjy is a tiger, hzgmuuhcqmys is a turtle, so hzgmuuhcqmys is less likely to spring from the bush than pgecccyjy
hbrudf is a tiger, xuii is a turtle, so hbrudf is not less likely to spring from the bush than xuii
msslkfafgq is a tiger, ittvauhoiifb is a turtle, so msslkfafgq is not less likely to spring from the bush than ittvauhoiifb
bcre is a tiger, uwitdxam is a turtle, so bcre is not less likely to spring from the bush than uwitdxam
enhivum is a tiger, jytgmdw is a turtle, so enhivum is not less likely to spring from the bush than jytgmdw
arbwihmeyebl is a tiger, sbeed is a turtle, so arbwihmeyebl is not less likely to spring from the bush than sbeed
xuii is a tiger, hbrudf is a turtle, so hbrudf does not spring from the bush more than xuii
ittvauhoiifb is a tiger, msslkfafgq is a turtle, so msslkfafgq does not spring from the bush more than ittvauhoiifb
uwitdxam is a tiger, bcre is a turtle, so bcre does not spring from the bush more than uwitdxam
jytgmdw is a tiger, enhivum is a turtle, so enhivum does not spring from the bush more than jytgmdw
sbeed is a tiger, arbwihmeyebl is a turtle, so arbwihmeyebl does not spring from the bush more than sbeed
twxg is a cow, igxjz is a duck, so twxg is more likely to supply humans with milk than igxjz
amqy is a cow, unyq is a duck, so amqy is more likely to supply humans with milk than unyq
rcfsdhtr is a cow, vpvddu is a duck, so rcfsdhtr is more likely to supply humans with milk than vpvddu
izkooqttshk is a cow, xcvbzrfo is a duck, so izkooqttshk is more likely to supply humans with milk than xcvbzrfo
zvetzya is a cow, mfjxvfp is a duck, so zvetzya is more likely to supply humans with milk than mfjxvfp
twxg is a cow, igxjz is a duck, so igxjz is less likely to supply humans with milk than twxg
amqy is a cow, unyq is a duck, so unyq is less likely to supply humans with milk than amqy
rcfsdhtr is a cow, vpvddu is a duck, so vpvddu is less likely to supply humans with milk than rcfsdhtr
izkooqttshk is a cow, xcvbzrfo is a duck, so xcvbzrfo is less likely to supply humans with milk than izkooqttshk
zvetzya is a cow, mfjxvfp is a duck, so mfjxvfp is less likely to supply humans with milk than zvetzya
sljytrehob is a cow, ccgdbskm is a duck, so sljytrehob is not less likely to supply humans with milk than ccgdbskm
mnxesmtas is a cow, bmmagcnbwxsk is a duck, so mnxesmtas is not less likely to supply humans with milk than bmmagcnbwxsk
ucwoas is a cow, cdmiqfyn is a duck, so ucwoas is not less likely to supply humans with milk than cdmiqfyn
xkgnp is a cow, kabkrcybsx is a duck, so xkgnp is not less likely to supply humans with milk than kabkrcybsx
cqpkaud is a cow, oddiydfcuj is a duck, so cqpkaud is not less likely to supply humans with milk than oddiydfcuj
ccgdbskm is a cow, sljytrehob is a duck, so sljytrehob is not more likely to supply humans with milk than ccgdbskm
bmmagcnbwxsk is a cow, mnxesmtas is a duck, so mnxesmtas is not more likely to supply humans with milk than bmmagcnbwxsk
cdmiqfyn is a cow, ucwoas is a duck, so ucwoas is not more likely to supply humans with milk than cdmiqfyn
kabkrcybsx is a cow, xkgnp is a duck, so xkgnp is not more likely to supply humans with milk than kabkrcybsx
oddiydfcuj is a cow, cqpkaud is a duck, so cqpkaud is not more likely to supply humans with milk than oddiydfcuj
lcmzpo is a fish, cotdqyqrubas is a hamster, so lcmzpo is more likely to attempt to fly than cotdqyqrubas
weijbbfcxx is a fish, nsags is a hamster, so weijbbfcxx is more likely to attempt to fly than nsags
vfx is a fish, kmvr is a hamster, so vfx is more likely to attempt to fly than kmvr
uaf is a fish, nylc is a hamster, so uaf is more likely to attempt to fly than nylc
ovrkjpiwnl is a fish, iloqbofskyo is a hamster, so ovrkjpiwnl is more likely to attempt to fly than iloqbofskyo
lcmzpo is a fish, cotdqyqrubas is a hamster, so cotdqyqrubas is more likely to attempt to fly than lcmzpo
weijbbfcxx is a fish, nsags is a hamster, so nsags is more likely to attempt to fly than weijbbfcxx
vfx is a fish, kmvr is a hamster, so kmvr is more likely to attempt to fly than vfx
uaf is a fish, nylc is a hamster, so nylc is more likely to attempt to fly than uaf
ovrkjpiwnl is a fish, iloqbofskyo is a hamster, so iloqbofskyo is more likely to attempt to fly than ovrkjpiwnl
jquv is a fish, nlmxoaak is a hamster, so jquv is not less likely to attempt to fly than nlmxoaak
bqsmkehyv is a fish, hnojnbuawi is a hamster, so bqsmkehyv is not less likely to attempt to fly than hnojnbuawi
jae is a fish, jlhvjaicfs is a hamster, so jae is not less likely to attempt to fly than jlhvjaicfs
hbmwjgt is a fish, iqaizdemp is a hamster, so hbmwjgt is not less likely to attempt to fly than iqaizdemp
zkfiw is a fish, vpigbhc is a hamster, so zkfiw is not less likely to attempt to fly than vpigbhc
nlmxoaak is a fish, jquv is a hamster, so jquv is not more likely to attempt to fly than nlmxoaak
hnojnbuawi is a fish, bqsmkehyv is a hamster, so bqsmkehyv is not more likely to attempt to fly than hnojnbuawi
jlhvjaicfs is a fish, jae is a hamster, so jae is not more likely to attempt to fly than jlhvjaicfs
iqaizdemp is a fish, hbmwjgt is a hamster, so hbmwjgt is not more likely to attempt to fly than iqaizdemp
vpigbhc is a fish, zkfiw is a hamster, so zkfiw is not more likely to attempt to fly than vpigbhc
bgwwb is a bird, tfx is a lobster, so bgwwb is more likely to sing a song than tfx
suifhbxkn is a bird, pyiwgubixwt is a lobster, so suifhbxkn is more likely to sing a song than pyiwgubixwt
roonuebtp is a bird, nrxdbev is a lobster, so roonuebtp is more likely to sing a song than nrxdbev
ebfsrjdvce is a bird, gdamw is a lobster, so ebfsrjdvce is more likely to sing a song than gdamw
nkiyr is a bird, ckvjqkzs is a lobster, so nkiyr is more likely to sing a song than ckvjqkzs
bgwwb is a bird, tfx is a lobster, so tfx is less likely to sing a song than bgwwb
suifhbxkn is a bird, pyiwgubixwt is a lobster, so pyiwgubixwt is less likely to sing a song than suifhbxkn
roonuebtp is a bird, nrxdbev is a lobster, so nrxdbev is less likely to sing a song than roonuebtp
ebfsrjdvce is a bird, gdamw is a lobster, so gdamw is less likely to sing a song than ebfsrjdvce
nkiyr is a bird, ckvjqkzs is a lobster, so ckvjqkzs is less likely to sing a song than nkiyr
jihruoky is a bird, ewr is a lobster, so jihruoky is not less likely to sing a song than ewr
bnhmq is a bird, nyacdmcl is a lobster, so bnhmq is not less likely to sing a song than nyacdmcl
rpigr is a bird, wpzfnx is a lobster, so rpigr is not less likely to sing a song than wpzfnx
kijwcx is a bird, yrfqyj is a lobster, so kijwcx is not less likely to sing a song than yrfqyj
yftfq is a bird, engncj is a lobster, so yftfq is not less likely to sing a song than engncj
ewr is a bird, jihruoky is a lobster, so jihruoky is not more likely to sing a song than ewr
nyacdmcl is a bird, bnhmq is a lobster, so bnhmq is not more likely to sing a song than nyacdmcl
wpzfnx is a bird, rpigr is a lobster, so rpigr is not more likely to sing a song than wpzfnx
yrfqyj is a bird, kijwcx is a lobster, so kijwcx is not more likely to sing a song than yrfqyj
engncj is a bird, yftfq is a lobster, so yftfq is not more likely to sing a song than engncj
sqkghoqchl is a fish, rujyzrtisvsb is a bear, so sqkghoqchl is more likely to live underwater than rujyzrtisvsb
djqout is a fish, pglbr is a bear, so djqout is more likely to live underwater than pglbr
lfzugxorcklw is a fish, ntjlqong is a bear, so lfzugxorcklw is more likely to live underwater than ntjlqong
vhp is a fish, lqlaelvuqu is a bear, so vhp is more likely to live underwater than lqlaelvuqu
hzdi is a fish, expswvp is a bear, so hzdi is more likely to live underwater than expswvp
sqkghoqchl is a fish, rujyzrtisvsb is a bear, so rujyzrtisvsb is less likely to live underwater than sqkghoqchl
djqout is a fish, pglbr is a bear, so pglbr is less likely to live underwater than djqout
lfzugxorcklw is a fish, ntjlqong is a bear, so ntjlqong is less likely to live underwater than lfzugxorcklw
vhp is a fish, lqlaelvuqu is a bear, so lqlaelvuqu is less likely to live underwater than vhp
hzdi is a fish, expswvp is a bear, so expswvp is less likely to live underwater than hzdi
ilvtudrjxf is a fish, hhjiloviba is a bear, so ilvtudrjxf is not less likely to live underwater than hhjiloviba
coh is a fish, juufz is a bear, so coh is not less likely to live underwater than juufz
jsarbkg is a fish, ucuuipmppyvy is a bear, so jsarbkg is not less likely to live underwater than ucuuipmppyvy
ugpqsbtkbp is a fish, khcibnqwbc is a bear, so ugpqsbtkbp is not less likely to live underwater than khcibnqwbc
szvrei is a fish, lxuga is a bear, so szvrei is not less likely to live underwater than lxuga
hhjiloviba is a fish, ilvtudrjxf is a bear, so ilvtudrjxf is not more likely to live underwater than hhjiloviba
juufz is a fish, coh is a bear, so coh is not more likely to live underwater than juufz
ucuuipmppyvy is a fish, jsarbkg is a bear, so jsarbkg is not more likely to live underwater than ucuuipmppyvy
khcibnqwbc is a fish, ugpqsbtkbp is a bear, so ugpqsbtkbp is not more likely to live underwater than khcibnqwbc
lxuga is a fish, szvrei is a bear, so szvrei is not more likely to live underwater than lxuga
wnsrdx is a snake, lltcg is a fish, so wnsrdx is more likely to eat an egg than lltcg
ysgy is a snake, esbsx is a fish, so ysgy is more likely to eat an egg than esbsx
wwph is a snake, cqgdhcui is a fish, so wwph is more likely to eat an egg than cqgdhcui
elrjhayp is a snake, tgb is a fish, so elrjhayp is more likely to eat an egg than tgb
xqxzpea is a snake, ketkftgtgqdl is a fish, so xqxzpea is more likely to eat an egg than ketkftgtgqdl
wnsrdx is a snake, lltcg is a fish, so lltcg is less likely to eat an egg than wnsrdx
ysgy is a snake, esbsx is a fish, so esbsx is less likely to eat an egg than ysgy
wwph is a snake, cqgdhcui is a fish, so cqgdhcui is less likely to eat an egg than wwph
elrjhayp is a snake, tgb is a fish, so tgb is less likely to eat an egg than elrjhayp
xqxzpea is a snake, ketkftgtgqdl is a fish, so ketkftgtgqdl is less likely to eat an egg than xqxzpea
brwouzkizegz is a snake, rqqutzhczgm is a fish, so brwouzkizegz is not less likely to eat an egg than rqqutzhczgm
dopw is a snake, qnk is a fish, so dopw is not less likely to eat an egg than qnk
aif is a snake, srw is a fish, so aif is not less likely to eat an egg than srw
thgavsse is a snake, gjvujzrezz is a fish, so thgavsse is not less likely to eat an egg than gjvujzrezz
zhngiqkhv is a snake, zorrqn is a fish, so zhngiqkhv is not less likely to eat an egg than zorrqn
rqqutzhczgm is a snake, brwouzkizegz is a fish, so brwouzkizegz is not more likely to eat an egg than rqqutzhczgm
qnk is a snake, dopw is a fish, so dopw is not more likely to eat an egg than qnk
srw is a snake, aif is a fish, so aif is not more likely to eat an egg than srw
gjvujzrezz is a snake, thgavsse is a fish, so thgavsse is not more likely to eat an egg than gjvujzrezz
zorrqn is a snake, zhngiqkhv is a fish, so zhngiqkhv is not more likely to eat an egg than zorrqn
bke is a eagle, pjjizdczpx is a chicken, so bke is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than pjjizdczpx
dsqgkych is a eagle, bbe is a chicken, so dsqgkych is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than bbe
gzjwoj is a eagle, jjeqfhls is a chicken, so gzjwoj is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than jjeqfhls
zzbhhcuul is a eagle, rmxcab is a chicken, so zzbhhcuul is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than rmxcab
ujf is a eagle, rajtkgmif is a chicken, so ujf is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than rajtkgmif
bke is a eagle, pjjizdczpx is a chicken, so pjjizdczpx is less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than bke
dsqgkych is a eagle, bbe is a chicken, so bbe is less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than dsqgkych
gzjwoj is a eagle, jjeqfhls is a chicken, so jjeqfhls is less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than gzjwoj
zzbhhcuul is a eagle, rmxcab is a chicken, so rmxcab is less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than zzbhhcuul
ujf is a eagle, rajtkgmif is a chicken, so rajtkgmif is less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than ujf
qvdqsuhmfvc is a eagle, eqx is a chicken, so qvdqsuhmfvc is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than eqx
zudlktidobz is a eagle, tbwzywtwiadh is a chicken, so zudlktidobz is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than tbwzywtwiadh
ilghqfpizarf is a eagle, elduzwqf is a chicken, so ilghqfpizarf is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than elduzwqf
oha is a eagle, qxynivel is a chicken, so oha is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than qxynivel
ljyu is a eagle, zylassi is a chicken, so ljyu is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than zylassi
eqx is a eagle, qvdqsuhmfvc is a chicken, so qvdqsuhmfvc is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than eqx
tbwzywtwiadh is a eagle, zudlktidobz is a chicken, so zudlktidobz is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than tbwzywtwiadh
elduzwqf is a eagle, ilghqfpizarf is a chicken, so ilghqfpizarf is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than elduzwqf
qxynivel is a eagle, oha is a chicken, so oha is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than qxynivel
zylassi is a eagle, ljyu is a chicken, so ljyu is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than zylassi
chf is a shark, limy is a alligator, so chf is more likely to be in the ocean than limy
tbgalnrqb is a shark, azzinvswqm is a alligator, so tbgalnrqb is more likely to be in the ocean than azzinvswqm
xbrf is a shark, ndjcazuoczyx is a alligator, so xbrf is more likely to be in the ocean than ndjcazuoczyx
cohmniwxkxuv is a shark, aplmjiibzrga is a alligator, so cohmniwxkxuv is more likely to be in the ocean than aplmjiibzrga
xsvvifihfotl is a shark, hxfgsxnca is a alligator, so xsvvifihfotl is more likely to be in the ocean than hxfgsxnca
chf is a shark, limy is a alligator, so limy is less likely to be in the ocean than chf
tbgalnrqb is a shark, azzinvswqm is a alligator, so azzinvswqm is less likely to be in the ocean than tbgalnrqb
xbrf is a shark, ndjcazuoczyx is a alligator, so ndjcazuoczyx is less likely to be in the ocean than xbrf
cohmniwxkxuv is a shark, aplmjiibzrga is a alligator, so aplmjiibzrga is less likely to be in the ocean than cohmniwxkxuv
xsvvifihfotl is a shark, hxfgsxnca is a alligator, so hxfgsxnca is less likely to be in the ocean than xsvvifihfotl
gcussljpjm is a shark, tkktop is a alligator, so gcussljpjm is not less likely to be in the ocean than tkktop
badfdoj is a shark, lgv is a alligator, so badfdoj is not less likely to be in the ocean than lgv
tijspzgiuhym is a shark, lffgz is a alligator, so tijspzgiuhym is not less likely to be in the ocean than lffgz
jyy is a shark, ski is a alligator, so jyy is not less likely to be in the ocean than ski
bgbkkrjzhkim is a shark, ckrwfqtlkb is a alligator, so bgbkkrjzhkim is not less likely to be in the ocean than ckrwfqtlkb
tkktop is a shark, gcussljpjm is a alligator, so gcussljpjm is not more likely to be in the ocean than tkktop
lgv is a shark, badfdoj is a alligator, so badfdoj is not more likely to be in the ocean than lgv
lffgz is a shark, tijspzgiuhym is a alligator, so tijspzgiuhym is not more likely to be in the ocean than lffgz
ski is a shark, jyy is a alligator, so jyy is not more likely to be in the ocean than ski
ckrwfqtlkb is a shark, bgbkkrjzhkim is a alligator, so bgbkkrjzhkim is not more likely to be in the ocean than ckrwfqtlkb
vdnxkexrmwm is a duck, fnftsfjx is a chicken, so vdnxkexrmwm is more likely to mother her ducklings than fnftsfjx
abtpqn is a duck, lrydkhbxkxx is a chicken, so abtpqn is more likely to mother her ducklings than lrydkhbxkxx
htfu is a duck, wgulfb is a chicken, so htfu is more likely to mother her ducklings than wgulfb
leuslvloh is a duck, pmidrgbuo is a chicken, so leuslvloh is more likely to mother her ducklings than pmidrgbuo
xbrxrk is a duck, tljdf is a chicken, so xbrxrk is more likely to mother her ducklings than tljdf
vdnxkexrmwm is a duck, fnftsfjx is a chicken, so fnftsfjx is less likely to mother her ducklings than vdnxkexrmwm
abtpqn is a duck, lrydkhbxkxx is a chicken, so lrydkhbxkxx is less likely to mother her ducklings than abtpqn
htfu is a duck, wgulfb is a chicken, so wgulfb is less likely to mother her ducklings than htfu
leuslvloh is a duck, pmidrgbuo is a chicken, so pmidrgbuo is less likely to mother her ducklings than leuslvloh
xbrxrk is a duck, tljdf is a chicken, so tljdf is less likely to mother her ducklings than xbrxrk
qpybvayz is a duck, qwcrq is a chicken, so qpybvayz is not less likely to mother her ducklings than qwcrq
rmmrzctmne is a duck, zkuegko is a chicken, so rmmrzctmne is not less likely to mother her ducklings than zkuegko
yndcmjjyhsg is a duck, uqi is a chicken, so yndcmjjyhsg is not less likely to mother her ducklings than uqi
xgjkaeesj is a duck, xqczcd is a chicken, so xgjkaeesj is not less likely to mother her ducklings than xqczcd
tsajbll is a duck, jaifvjwnlrh is a chicken, so tsajbll is not less likely to mother her ducklings than jaifvjwnlrh
qwcrq is a duck, qpybvayz is a chicken, so qpybvayz is not more likely to mother her ducklings than qwcrq
zkuegko is a duck, rmmrzctmne is a chicken, so rmmrzctmne is not more likely to mother her ducklings than zkuegko
uqi is a duck, yndcmjjyhsg is a chicken, so yndcmjjyhsg is not more likely to mother her ducklings than uqi
xqczcd is a duck, xgjkaeesj is a chicken, so xgjkaeesj is not more likely to mother her ducklings than xqczcd
jaifvjwnlrh is a duck, tsajbll is a chicken, so tsajbll is not more likely to mother her ducklings than jaifvjwnlrh
wfv is a bee, jfolbar is a wolf, so wfv is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than jfolbar
ilzlb is a bee, jqhypaqp is a wolf, so ilzlb is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than jqhypaqp
menuncfk is a bee, nnl is a wolf, so menuncfk is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than nnl
uvjfebytliy is a bee, oqzilz is a wolf, so uvjfebytliy is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than oqzilz
lpeg is a bee, jekdlgqocjog is a wolf, so lpeg is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than jekdlgqocjog
wfv is a bee, jfolbar is a wolf, so jfolbar is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than wfv
ilzlb is a bee, jqhypaqp is a wolf, so jqhypaqp is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ilzlb
menuncfk is a bee, nnl is a wolf, so nnl is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than menuncfk
uvjfebytliy is a bee, oqzilz is a wolf, so oqzilz is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than uvjfebytliy
lpeg is a bee, jekdlgqocjog is a wolf, so jekdlgqocjog is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than lpeg
nzdi is a bee, ebztjdcrwhm is a wolf, so nzdi is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ebztjdcrwhm
hffym is a bee, mufggmo is a wolf, so hffym is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than mufggmo
gyxflwahapl is a bee, ceama is a wolf, so gyxflwahapl is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ceama
vzggtcvagk is a bee, oihocfgykndi is a wolf, so vzggtcvagk is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than oihocfgykndi
bvof is a bee, ukwtih is a wolf, so bvof is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ukwtih
ebztjdcrwhm is a bee, nzdi is a wolf, so nzdi is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ebztjdcrwhm
mufggmo is a bee, hffym is a wolf, so hffym is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than mufggmo
ceama is a bee, gyxflwahapl is a wolf, so gyxflwahapl is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ceama
oihocfgykndi is a bee, vzggtcvagk is a wolf, so vzggtcvagk is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than oihocfgykndi
ukwtih is a bee, bvof is a wolf, so bvof is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ukwtih
jzampss is a pig, ptfzaswwjqa is a cow, so jzampss is more likely to be in a pen than ptfzaswwjqa
vajbaxues is a pig, zzyahmreuym is a cow, so vajbaxues is more likely to be in a pen than zzyahmreuym
inejk is a pig, avdnnb is a cow, so inejk is more likely to be in a pen than avdnnb
clqofsauc is a pig, bbcyduiwy is a cow, so clqofsauc is more likely to be in a pen than bbcyduiwy
xmhufghuiijl is a pig, ghgwzrnphxds is a cow, so xmhufghuiijl is more likely to be in a pen than ghgwzrnphxds
jzampss is a pig, ptfzaswwjqa is a cow, so ptfzaswwjqa is less likely to be in a pen than jzampss
vajbaxues is a pig, zzyahmreuym is a cow, so zzyahmreuym is less likely to be in a pen than vajbaxues
inejk is a pig, avdnnb is a cow, so avdnnb is less likely to be in a pen than inejk
clqofsauc is a pig, bbcyduiwy is a cow, so bbcyduiwy is less likely to be in a pen than clqofsauc
xmhufghuiijl is a pig, ghgwzrnphxds is a cow, so ghgwzrnphxds is less likely to be in a pen than xmhufghuiijl
ldbemgdkq is a pig, wwqjwrjdfd is a cow, so ldbemgdkq is not less likely to be in a pen than wwqjwrjdfd
wqphfxyx is a pig, bvcixj is a cow, so wqphfxyx is not less likely to be in a pen than bvcixj
enoscjreshe is a pig, ekfifkekl is a cow, so enoscjreshe is not less likely to be in a pen than ekfifkekl
sgks is a pig, lbpgp is a cow, so sgks is not less likely to be in a pen than lbpgp
xxme is a pig, hjjojoxpank is a cow, so xxme is not less likely to be in a pen than hjjojoxpank
wwqjwrjdfd is a pig, ldbemgdkq is a cow, so ldbemgdkq is not more likely to be in a pen than wwqjwrjdfd
bvcixj is a pig, wqphfxyx is a cow, so wqphfxyx is not more likely to be in a pen than bvcixj
ekfifkekl is a pig, enoscjreshe is a cow, so enoscjreshe is not more likely to be in a pen than ekfifkekl
lbpgp is a pig, sgks is a cow, so sgks is not more likely to be in a pen than lbpgp
hjjojoxpank is a pig, xxme is a cow, so xxme is not more likely to be in a pen than hjjojoxpank
llmym is a lion, qjxabtcz is a ant, so llmym is more likely to roar than qjxabtcz
nazhzc is a lion, aeyna is a ant, so nazhzc is more likely to roar than aeyna
tsqjjlbuk is a lion, psbd is a ant, so tsqjjlbuk is more likely to roar than psbd
kfj is a lion, ivxqtxmtom is a ant, so kfj is more likely to roar than ivxqtxmtom
sjrlaq is a lion, ulijvmx is a ant, so sjrlaq is more likely to roar than ulijvmx
llmym is a lion, qjxabtcz is an ant, so qjxabtcz is less likely to roar than llmym
nazhzc is a lion, aeyna is an ant, so aeyna is less likely to roar than nazhzc
tsqjjlbuk is a lion, psbd is an ant, so psbd is less likely to roar than tsqjjlbuk
kfj is a lion, ivxqtxmtom is an ant, so ivxqtxmtom is less likely to roar than kfj
sjrlaq is a lion, ulijvmx is an ant, so ulijvmx is less likely to roar than sjrlaq
hcnmj is a lion, szd is an ant, so hcnmj is not less likely to roar than szd
avwnyshhvp is a lion, wvez is an ant, so avwnyshhvp is not less likely to roar than wvez
eulb is a lion, okotzrw is an ant, so eulb is not less likely to roar than okotzrw
vaivu is a lion, yknrajoioku is an ant, so vaivu is not less likely to roar than yknrajoioku
rmb is a lion, srfykzrs is an ant, so rmb is not less likely to roar than srfykzrs
szd is a lion, hcnmj is an ant, so hcnmj is not more likely to roar than szd
wvez is a lion, avwnyshhvp is an ant, so avwnyshhvp is not more likely to roar than wvez
okotzrw is a lion, eulb is an ant, so eulb is not more likely to roar than okotzrw
yknrajoioku is a lion, vaivu is an ant, so vaivu is not more likely to roar than yknrajoioku
srfykzrs is a lion, rmb is an ant, so rmb is not more likely to roar than srfykzrs
jpu is a goat, fbnbgbpwsx is a eagle, so jpu is more likely to jump a fence than fbnbgbpwsx
hqspwkt is a goat, ndlnmixiydp is a eagle, so hqspwkt is more likely to jump a fence than ndlnmixiydp
xsxyhd is a goat, zfuthrrjfao is a eagle, so xsxyhd is more likely to jump a fence than zfuthrrjfao
pjyvjmu is a goat, yabgc is a eagle, so pjyvjmu is more likely to jump a fence than yabgc
vsien is a goat, ltnkahbtuvqz is a eagle, so vsien is more likely to jump a fence than ltnkahbtuvqz
jpu is a goat, fbnbgbpwsx is a eagle, so fbnbgbpwsx is less likely to jump a fence than jpu
hqspwkt is a goat, ndlnmixiydp is a eagle, so ndlnmixiydp is less likely to jump a fence than hqspwkt
xsxyhd is a goat, zfuthrrjfao is a eagle, so zfuthrrjfao is less likely to jump a fence than xsxyhd
pjyvjmu is a goat, yabgc is a eagle, so yabgc is less likely to jump a fence than pjyvjmu
vsien is a goat, ltnkahbtuvqz is a eagle, so ltnkahbtuvqz is less likely to jump a fence than vsien
fste is a goat, lsfwgkdf is a eagle, so fste is not less likely to jump a fence than lsfwgkdf
ejarpoebdotq is a goat, lbchnibmlnzc is a eagle, so ejarpoebdotq is not less likely to jump a fence than lbchnibmlnzc
jdl is a goat, vhvdvht is a eagle, so jdl is not less likely to jump a fence than vhvdvht
kapzgwgno is a goat, ymqdlgug is a eagle, so kapzgwgno is not less likely to jump a fence than ymqdlgug
aobqgvkseor is a goat, fitcradrvb is a eagle, so aobqgvkseor is not less likely to jump a fence than fitcradrvb
lsfwgkdf is a goat, fste is a eagle, so fste is not more likely to jump a fence than lsfwgkdf
lbchnibmlnzc is a goat, ejarpoebdotq is a eagle, so ejarpoebdotq is not more likely to jump a fence than lbchnibmlnzc
vhvdvht is a goat, jdl is a eagle, so jdl is not more likely to jump a fence than vhvdvht
ymqdlgug is a goat, kapzgwgno is a eagle, so kapzgwgno is not more likely to jump a fence than ymqdlgug
fitcradrvb is a goat, aobqgvkseor is a eagle, so aobqgvkseor is not more likely to jump a fence than fitcradrvb
lytadjksbant is a dog, vqfpfeoz is a hamster, so lytadjksbant is less likely to be on the table than vqfpfeoz
cncwushjpp is a dog, oainefz is a hamster, so cncwushjpp is less likely to be on the table than oainefz
apjyxo is a dog, kqxpsse is a hamster, so apjyxo is less likely to be on the table than kqxpsse
lgxbchjmiweh is a dog, kwfctskjr is a hamster, so lgxbchjmiweh is less likely to be on the table than kwfctskjr
are is a dog, gkalywl is a hamster, so are is less likely to be on the table than gkalywl
lytadjksbant is a dog, vqfpfeoz is a hamster, so vqfpfeoz is more likely to be on the table than lytadjksbant
cncwushjpp is a dog, oainefz is a hamster, so oainefz is more likely to be on the table than cncwushjpp
apjyxo is a dog, kqxpsse is a hamster, so kqxpsse is more likely to be on the table than apjyxo
lgxbchjmiweh is a dog, kwfctskjr is a hamster, so kwfctskjr is more likely to be on the table than lgxbchjmiweh
are is a dog, gkalywl is a hamster, so gkalywl is more likely to be on the table than are
fyawnfix is a dog, idj is a hamster, so fyawnfix is not more likely to be on the table than idj
ygnwfrhayddt is a dog, eovmvkcz is a hamster, so ygnwfrhayddt is not more likely to be on the table than eovmvkcz
uqbtti is a dog, dmkmfk is a hamster, so uqbtti is not more likely to be on the table than dmkmfk
eki is a dog, tuavexw is a hamster, so eki is not more likely to be on the table than tuavexw
nqy is a dog, ldercxg is a hamster, so nqy is not more likely to be on the table than ldercxg
idj is a dog, fyawnfix is a hamster, so fyawnfix is not less likely to be on the table than idj
eovmvkcz is a dog, ygnwfrhayddt is a hamster, so ygnwfrhayddt is not less likely to be on the table than eovmvkcz
dmkmfk is a dog, uqbtti is a hamster, so uqbtti is not less likely to be on the table than dmkmfk
tuavexw is a dog, eki is a hamster, so eki is not less likely to be on the table than tuavexw
ldercxg is a dog, nqy is a hamster, so nqy is not less likely to be on the table than ldercxg
bdbrcgqwnpy is a fish, abysuj is a bird, so bdbrcgqwnpy is more likely to be on the market than abysuj
erysfhda is a fish, muzey is a bird, so erysfhda is more likely to be on the market than muzey
kzbyt is a fish, hnuzcgwiqykg is a bird, so kzbyt is more likely to be on the market than hnuzcgwiqykg
linq is a fish, wpmbpsqyysbx is a bird, so linq is more likely to be on the market than wpmbpsqyysbx
laznp is a fish, aqlfoh is a bird, so laznp is more likely to be on the market than aqlfoh
bdbrcgqwnpy is a fish, abysuj is a bird, so abysuj is less likely to be on the market than bdbrcgqwnpy
erysfhda is a fish, muzey is a bird, so muzey is less likely to be on the market than erysfhda
kzbyt is a fish, hnuzcgwiqykg is a bird, so hnuzcgwiqykg is less likely to be on the market than kzbyt
linq is a fish, wpmbpsqyysbx is a bird, so wpmbpsqyysbx is less likely to be on the market than linq
laznp is a fish, aqlfoh is a bird, so aqlfoh is less likely to be on the market than laznp
qyoa is a fish, gpijydgiecfp is a bird, so qyoa is not less likely to be on the market than gpijydgiecfp
ieecjffxhts is a fish, teaxjk is a bird, so ieecjffxhts is not less likely to be on the market than teaxjk
orwmoyzqy is a fish, cgtx is a bird, so orwmoyzqy is not less likely to be on the market than cgtx
fincjbgr is a fish, cczdpnpwrkj is a bird, so fincjbgr is not less likely to be on the market than cczdpnpwrkj
thpbxe is a fish, yqsbn is a bird, so thpbxe is not less likely to be on the market than yqsbn
gpijydgiecfp is a fish, qyoa is a bird, so qyoa is not more likely to be on the market than gpijydgiecfp
teaxjk is a fish, ieecjffxhts is a bird, so ieecjffxhts is not more likely to be on the market than teaxjk
cgtx is a fish, orwmoyzqy is a bird, so orwmoyzqy is not more likely to be on the market than cgtx
cczdpnpwrkj is a fish, fincjbgr is a bird, so fincjbgr is not more likely to be on the market than cczdpnpwrkj
yqsbn is a fish, thpbxe is a bird, so thpbxe is not more likely to be on the market than yqsbn
tmvabcbmfsqr is a bird, jjcswaedl is a shark, so tmvabcbmfsqr is more likely to be in a tree than jjcswaedl
ehzjmccvnjmn is a bird, cnntbxyz is a shark, so ehzjmccvnjmn is more likely to be in a tree than cnntbxyz
fhdram is a bird, uarqs is a shark, so fhdram is more likely to be in a tree than uarqs
xnkz is a bird, tevvocemihe is a shark, so xnkz is more likely to be in a tree than tevvocemihe
griad is a bird, rtatfi is a shark, so griad is more likely to be in a tree than rtatfi
tmvabcbmfsqr is a bird, jjcswaedl is a shark, so jjcswaedl is more likely to be in a tree than tmvabcbmfsqr
ehzjmccvnjmn is a bird, cnntbxyz is a shark, so cnntbxyz is more likely to be in a tree than ehzjmccvnjmn
fhdram is a bird, uarqs is a shark, so uarqs is more likely to be in a tree than fhdram
xnkz is a bird, tevvocemihe is a shark, so tevvocemihe is more likely to be in a tree than xnkz
griad is a bird, rtatfi is a shark, so rtatfi is more likely to be in a tree than griad
tobbhxaxjvmn is a bird, vhbspcz is a shark, so tobbhxaxjvmn is not less likely to be in a tree than vhbspcz
kyemhm is a bird, wajr is a shark, so kyemhm is not less likely to be in a tree than wajr
ftatfzduqms is a bird, uaqsign is a shark, so ftatfzduqms is not less likely to be in a tree than uaqsign
aidhtopzlhj is a bird, btk is a shark, so aidhtopzlhj is not less likely to be in a tree than btk
iqnzfbtvx is a bird, qjnffirhwmiq is a shark, so iqnzfbtvx is not less likely to be in a tree than qjnffirhwmiq
vhbspcz is a bird, tobbhxaxjvmn is a shark, so tobbhxaxjvmn is not more likely to be in a tree than vhbspcz
wajr is a bird, kyemhm is a shark, so kyemhm is not more likely to be in a tree than wajr
uaqsign is a bird, ftatfzduqms is a shark, so ftatfzduqms is not more likely to be in a tree than uaqsign
btk is a bird, aidhtopzlhj is a shark, so aidhtopzlhj is not more likely to be in a tree than btk
qjnffirhwmiq is a bird, iqnzfbtvx is a shark, so iqnzfbtvx is not more likely to be in a tree than qjnffirhwmiq
pysrxtzgo is a bee, hbcej is a fly, so pysrxtzgo is more likely to be in an apiary than hbcej
bixtrxmmpv is a bee, rpqmkeuz is a fly, so bixtrxmmpv is more likely to be in an apiary than rpqmkeuz
usdgprhivymk is a bee, hkgd is a fly, so usdgprhivymk is more likely to be in an apiary than hkgd
eck is a bee, yekdy is a fly, so eck is more likely to be in an apiary than yekdy
samisjkquul is a bee, tfxolv is a fly, so samisjkquul is more likely to be in an apiary than tfxolv
pysrxtzgo is a bee, hbcej is a fly, so hbcej is less likely to be in an apiary than pysrxtzgo
bixtrxmmpv is a bee, rpqmkeuz is a fly, so rpqmkeuz is less likely to be in an apiary than bixtrxmmpv
usdgprhivymk is a bee, hkgd is a fly, so hkgd is less likely to be in an apiary than usdgprhivymk
eck is a bee, yekdy is a fly, so yekdy is less likely to be in an apiary than eck
samisjkquul is a bee, tfxolv is a fly, so tfxolv is less likely to be in an apiary than samisjkquul
bontpowjlbr is a bee, kwpicvd is a fly, so bontpowjlbr is not less likely to be in an apiary than kwpicvd
cmxvucdjjhwz is a bee, upllk is a fly, so cmxvucdjjhwz is not less likely to be in an apiary than upllk
wpcrjctttptp is a bee, gqeyanemuqb is a fly, so wpcrjctttptp is not less likely to be in an apiary than gqeyanemuqb
uoq is a bee, jqaktr is a fly, so uoq is not less likely to be in an apiary than jqaktr
jokqueeb is a bee, kpm is a fly, so jokqueeb is not less likely to be in an apiary than kpm
kwpicvd is a bee, bontpowjlbr is a fly, so bontpowjlbr is not more likely to be in an apiary than kwpicvd
upllk is a bee, cmxvucdjjhwz is a fly, so cmxvucdjjhwz is not more likely to be in an apiary than upllk
gqeyanemuqb is a bee, wpcrjctttptp is a fly, so wpcrjctttptp is not more likely to be in an apiary than gqeyanemuqb
jqaktr is a bee, uoq is a fly, so uoq is not more likely to be in an apiary than jqaktr
kpm is a bee, jokqueeb is a fly, so jokqueeb is not more likely to be in an apiary than kpm
bfbipfoflsrk is a sheep, htbzb is a fly, so bfbipfoflsrk is more likely to live in a field than htbzb
tufivqopoad is a sheep, lkmjej is a fly, so tufivqopoad is more likely to live in a field than lkmjej
ham is a sheep, ktgj is a fly, so ham is more likely to live in a field than ktgj
urwwwofxf is a sheep, wvrrdfydq is a fly, so urwwwofxf is more likely to live in a field than wvrrdfydq
irb is a sheep, jpwiyeps is a fly, so irb is more likely to live in a field than jpwiyeps
bfbipfoflsrk is a sheep, htbzb is a fly, so htbzb is less likely to live in a field than bfbipfoflsrk
tufivqopoad is a sheep, lkmjej is a fly, so lkmjej is less likely to live in a field than tufivqopoad
ham is a sheep, ktgj is a fly, so ktgj is less likely to live in a field than ham
urwwwofxf is a sheep, wvrrdfydq is a fly, so wvrrdfydq is less likely to live in a field than urwwwofxf
irb is a sheep, jpwiyeps is a fly, so jpwiyeps is less likely to live in a field than irb
rujbszj is a sheep, gwduyjlezymw is a fly, so rujbszj is not less likely to live in a field than gwduyjlezymw
hrgtjiobdpb is a sheep, xgnfisxga is a fly, so hrgtjiobdpb is not less likely to live in a field than xgnfisxga
jhoz is a sheep, rlin is a fly, so jhoz is not less likely to live in a field than rlin
orjyuomhl is a sheep, zoucztlauht is a fly, so orjyuomhl is not less likely to live in a field than zoucztlauht
gslgtjrrtpuj is a sheep, rsqs is a fly, so gslgtjrrtpuj is not less likely to live in a field than rsqs
gwduyjlezymw is a sheep, rujbszj is a fly, so rujbszj is not more likely to live in a field than gwduyjlezymw
xgnfisxga is a sheep, hrgtjiobdpb is a fly, so hrgtjiobdpb is not more likely to live in a field than xgnfisxga
rlin is a sheep, jhoz is a fly, so jhoz is not more likely to live in a field than rlin
zoucztlauht is a sheep, orjyuomhl is a fly, so orjyuomhl is not more likely to live in a field than zoucztlauht
rsqs is a sheep, gslgtjrrtpuj is a fly, so gslgtjrrtpuj is not more likely to live in a field than rsqs
wagqoyz is a kangaroo, rfk is a rat, so wagqoyz is more likely to jump high than rfk
snr is a kangaroo, nrxganwta is a rat, so snr is more likely to jump high than nrxganwta
psdezcwtiagb is a kangaroo, acaetdf is a rat, so psdezcwtiagb is more likely to jump high than acaetdf
lpya is a kangaroo, vekzncbwrd is a rat, so lpya is more likely to jump high than vekzncbwrd
xwled is a kangaroo, tqjrdejmoe is a rat, so xwled is more likely to jump high than tqjrdejmoe
wagqoyz is a kangaroo, rfk is a rat, so rfk is less likely to jump high than wagqoyz
snr is a kangaroo, nrxganwta is a rat, so nrxganwta is less likely to jump high than snr
psdezcwtiagb is a kangaroo, acaetdf is a rat, so acaetdf is less likely to jump high than psdezcwtiagb
lpya is a kangaroo, vekzncbwrd is a rat, so vekzncbwrd is less likely to jump high than lpya
xwled is a kangaroo, tqjrdejmoe is a rat, so tqjrdejmoe is less likely to jump high than xwled
itakj is a kangaroo, pmierwsb is a rat, so itakj is not less likely to jump high than pmierwsb
qavosnag is a kangaroo, iqtadnhaa is a rat, so qavosnag is not less likely to jump high than iqtadnhaa
honxefsnircw is a kangaroo, byzgqs is a rat, so honxefsnircw is not less likely to jump high than byzgqs
ozprkopgtge is a kangaroo, saw is a rat, so ozprkopgtge is not less likely to jump high than saw
bcfjkwu is a kangaroo, nhxqslylc is a rat, so bcfjkwu is not less likely to jump high than nhxqslylc
pmierwsb is a kangaroo, itakj is a rat, so itakj is not more likely to jump high than pmierwsb
iqtadnhaa is a kangaroo, qavosnag is a rat, so qavosnag is not more likely to jump high than iqtadnhaa
byzgqs is a kangaroo, honxefsnircw is a rat, so honxefsnircw is not more likely to jump high than byzgqs
saw is a kangaroo, ozprkopgtge is a rat, so ozprkopgtge is not more likely to jump high than saw
nhxqslylc is a kangaroo, bcfjkwu is a rat, so bcfjkwu is not more likely to jump high than nhxqslylc
tgmzgn is a cow, jobsccmmytj is a dolphin, so tgmzgn is more likely to be in a butcher shop than jobsccmmytj
ajusnt is a cow, jwssmpotev is a dolphin, so ajusnt is more likely to be in a butcher shop than jwssmpotev
kegprsqxusg is a cow, xogmytnpigan is a dolphin, so kegprsqxusg is more likely to be in a butcher shop than xogmytnpigan
bamxqolmkqxq is a cow, apy is a dolphin, so bamxqolmkqxq is more likely to be in a butcher shop than apy
kdjatzjci is a cow, wtxvrk is a dolphin, so kdjatzjci is more likely to be in a butcher shop than wtxvrk
tgmzgn is a cow, jobsccmmytj is a dolphin, so jobsccmmytj is less likely to be in a butcher shop than tgmzgn
ajusnt is a cow, jwssmpotev is a dolphin, so jwssmpotev is less likely to be in a butcher shop than ajusnt
kegprsqxusg is a cow, xogmytnpigan is a dolphin, so xogmytnpigan is less likely to be in a butcher shop than kegprsqxusg
bamxqolmkqxq is a cow, apy is a dolphin, so apy is less likely to be in a butcher shop than bamxqolmkqxq
kdjatzjci is a cow, wtxvrk is a dolphin, so wtxvrk is less likely to be in a butcher shop than kdjatzjci
keq is a cow, qxhah is a dolphin, so keq is not less likely to be in a butcher shop than qxhah
jxjoxes is a cow, ilyluijn is a dolphin, so jxjoxes is not less likely to be in a butcher shop than ilyluijn
sdivkccy is a cow, qgka is a dolphin, so sdivkccy is not less likely to be in a butcher shop than qgka
nxuphhhxace is a cow, xnm is a dolphin, so nxuphhhxace is not less likely to be in a butcher shop than xnm
qrfnbbqcwov is a cow, niyhujzid is a dolphin, so qrfnbbqcwov is not less likely to be in a butcher shop than niyhujzid
qxhah is a cow, keq is a dolphin, so keq is not more likely to be in a butcher shop than qxhah
ilyluijn is a cow, jxjoxes is a dolphin, so jxjoxes is not more likely to be in a butcher shop than ilyluijn
qgka is a cow, sdivkccy is a dolphin, so sdivkccy is not more likely to be in a butcher shop than qgka
xnm is a cow, nxuphhhxace is a dolphin, so nxuphhhxace is not more likely to be in a butcher shop than xnm
niyhujzid is a cow, qrfnbbqcwov is a dolphin, so qrfnbbqcwov is not more likely to be in a butcher shop than niyhujzid
eaqfeb is a duck, yrgtqjtoqn is a snail, so eaqfeb is more likely to be in wetland areas than yrgtqjtoqn
hhuoptcgems is a duck, skouweeecovi is a snail, so hhuoptcgems is more likely to be in wetland areas than skouweeecovi
xfwihxicldi is a duck, vpxjk is a snail, so xfwihxicldi is more likely to be in wetland areas than vpxjk
meuo is a duck, thujkulimil is a snail, so meuo is more likely to be in wetland areas than thujkulimil
byfwqi is a duck, nnflh is a snail, so byfwqi is more likely to be in wetland areas than nnflh
eaqfeb is a duck, yrgtqjtoqn is a snail, so yrgtqjtoqn is more likely to be in wetland areas than eaqfeb
hhuoptcgems is a duck, skouweeecovi is a snail, so skouweeecovi is more likely to be in wetland areas than hhuoptcgems
xfwihxicldi is a duck, vpxjk is a snail, so vpxjk is more likely to be in wetland areas than xfwihxicldi
meuo is a duck, thujkulimil is a snail, so thujkulimil is more likely to be in wetland areas than meuo
byfwqi is a duck, nnflh is a snail, so nnflh is more likely to be in wetland areas than byfwqi
momeenjne is a duck, ina is a snail, so momeenjne is not less likely to be in wetland areas than ina
zzuca is a duck, pceyslu is a snail, so zzuca is not less likely to be in wetland areas than pceyslu
ixukcbuch is a duck, nbtw is a snail, so ixukcbuch is not less likely to be in wetland areas than nbtw
giyl is a duck, vlwkvqcpbh is a snail, so giyl is not less likely to be in wetland areas than vlwkvqcpbh
xbmwzkrfnwgk is a duck, ndcfjiidp is a snail, so xbmwzkrfnwgk is not less likely to be in wetland areas than ndcfjiidp
ina is a duck, momeenjne is a snail, so momeenjne is not more likely to be in wetland areas than ina
pceyslu is a duck, zzuca is a snail, so zzuca is not more likely to be in wetland areas than pceyslu
nbtw is a duck, ixukcbuch is a snail, so ixukcbuch is not more likely to be in wetland areas than nbtw
vlwkvqcpbh is a duck, giyl is a snail, so giyl is not more likely to be in wetland areas than vlwkvqcpbh
ndcfjiidp is a duck, xbmwzkrfnwgk is a snail, so xbmwzkrfnwgk is not more likely to be in wetland areas than ndcfjiidp
ixfkbidilxx is a cow, cdpcsdql is a sheep, so ixfkbidilxx is more likely to produce methane gas than cdpcsdql
cszpkj is a cow, fdavgec is a sheep, so cszpkj is more likely to produce methane gas than fdavgec
remdud is a cow, ejudl is a sheep, so remdud is more likely to produce methane gas than ejudl
pysbgzfnis is a cow, ljdujaahjb is a sheep, so pysbgzfnis is more likely to produce methane gas than ljdujaahjb
bfnmfqcmzrc is a cow, zdrgohya is a sheep, so bfnmfqcmzrc is more likely to produce methane gas than zdrgohya
ixfkbidilxx is a cow, cdpcsdql is a sheep, so cdpcsdql is less likely to produce methane gas than ixfkbidilxx
cszpkj is a cow, fdavgec is a sheep, so fdavgec is less likely to produce methane gas than cszpkj
remdud is a cow, ejudl is a sheep, so ejudl is less likely to produce methane gas than remdud
pysbgzfnis is a cow, ljdujaahjb is a sheep, so ljdujaahjb is less likely to produce methane gas than pysbgzfnis
bfnmfqcmzrc is a cow, zdrgohya is a sheep, so zdrgohya is less likely to produce methane gas than bfnmfqcmzrc
laia is a cow, nccjujvkmap is a sheep, so laia is not more likely to produce methane gas than nccjujvkmap
ejsh is a cow, ejnonmzvaud is a sheep, so ejsh is not more likely to produce methane gas than ejnonmzvaud
apwwiqx is a cow, ryxwybltj is a sheep, so apwwiqx is not more likely to produce methane gas than ryxwybltj
cwqe is a cow, blyhzqer is a sheep, so cwqe is not more likely to produce methane gas than blyhzqer
tekad is a cow, sajuhwinl is a sheep, so tekad is not more likely to produce methane gas than sajuhwinl
nccjujvkmap is a cow, laia is a sheep, so laia is not more likely to produce methane gas than nccjujvkmap
ejnonmzvaud is a cow, ejsh is a sheep, so ejsh is not more likely to produce methane gas than ejnonmzvaud
ryxwybltj is a cow, apwwiqx is a sheep, so apwwiqx is not more likely to produce methane gas than ryxwybltj
blyhzqer is a cow, cwqe is a sheep, so cwqe is not more likely to produce methane gas than blyhzqer
sajuhwinl is a cow, tekad is a sheep, so tekad is not more likely to produce methane gas than sajuhwinl
omyasqsqfjhd is a fox, nwvrwxlcwi is a turtle, so omyasqsqfjhd is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than nwvrwxlcwi
wdf is a fox, vmigrrdwuk is a turtle, so wdf is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than vmigrrdwuk
yxaokrwb is a fox, dmsk is a turtle, so yxaokrwb is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than dmsk
tdahqnlx is a fox, emlomqspi is a turtle, so tdahqnlx is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than emlomqspi
azzdmytjzaym is a fox, wtfyajffw is a turtle, so azzdmytjzaym is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than wtfyajffw
omyasqsqfjhd is a fox, nwvrwxlcwi is a turtle, so nwvrwxlcwi is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than omyasqsqfjhd
wdf is a fox, vmigrrdwuk is a turtle, so vmigrrdwuk is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than wdf
yxaokrwb is a fox, dmsk is a turtle, so dmsk is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than yxaokrwb
tdahqnlx is a fox, emlomqspi is a turtle, so emlomqspi is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than tdahqnlx
azzdmytjzaym is a fox, wtfyajffw is a turtle, so wtfyajffw is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than azzdmytjzaym
oxcwz is a fox, pxgifug is a turtle, so oxcwz is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than pxgifug
mldfw is a fox, rveip is a turtle, so mldfw is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than rveip
lca is a fox, gikztfxrjbw is a turtle, so lca is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than gikztfxrjbw
cggosqfmcqjw is a fox, zahs is a turtle, so cggosqfmcqjw is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than zahs
gqocvjuhhxe is a fox, zqdgalffirei is a turtle, so gqocvjuhhxe is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than zqdgalffirei
pxgifug is a fox, oxcwz is a turtle, so oxcwz is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than pxgifug
rveip is a fox, mldfw is a turtle, so mldfw is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than rveip
gikztfxrjbw is a fox, lca is a turtle, so lca is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than gikztfxrjbw
zahs is a fox, cggosqfmcqjw is a turtle, so cggosqfmcqjw is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than zahs
zqdgalffirei is a fox, gqocvjuhhxe is a turtle, so gqocvjuhhxe is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than zqdgalffirei
usoxs is a squirrel, etcxwbwgwog is a snake, so usoxs is more likely to gather acorns than etcxwbwgwog
yngz is a squirrel, hygnwxrid is a snake, so yngz is more likely to gather acorns than hygnwxrid
qbomlqurg is a squirrel, itcgfqesjrio is a snake, so qbomlqurg is more likely to gather acorns than itcgfqesjrio
krhozxjc is a squirrel, iweepaxd is a snake, so krhozxjc is more likely to gather acorns than iweepaxd
hsnh is a squirrel, pkgay is a snake, so hsnh is more likely to gather acorns than pkgay
usoxs is a squirrel, etcxwbwgwog is a snake, so etcxwbwgwog is less likely to gather acorns than usoxs
yngz is a squirrel, hygnwxrid is a snake, so hygnwxrid is less likely to gather acorns than yngz
qbomlqurg is a squirrel, itcgfqesjrio is a snake, so itcgfqesjrio is less likely to gather acorns than qbomlqurg
krhozxjc is a squirrel, iweepaxd is a snake, so iweepaxd is less likely to gather acorns than krhozxjc
hsnh is a squirrel, pkgay is a snake, so pkgay is less likely to gather acorns than hsnh
nsxdxifftsq is a squirrel, wtqrqwmpson is a snake, so nsxdxifftsq is not less likely to gather acorns than wtqrqwmpson
foxjkevanor is a squirrel, tepqrtbyhm is a snake, so foxjkevanor is not less likely to gather acorns than tepqrtbyhm
jygly is a squirrel, xgz is a snake, so jygly is not less likely to gather acorns than xgz
ojfpij is a squirrel, aprqhw is a snake, so ojfpij is not less likely to gather acorns than aprqhw
vmrttjlo is a squirrel, cngb is a snake, so vmrttjlo is not less likely to gather acorns than cngb
wtqrqwmpson is a squirrel, nsxdxifftsq is a snake, so nsxdxifftsq is not more likely to gather acorns than wtqrqwmpson
tepqrtbyhm is a squirrel, foxjkevanor is a snake, so foxjkevanor is not more likely to gather acorns than tepqrtbyhm
xgz is a squirrel, jygly is a snake, so jygly is not more likely to gather acorns than xgz
aprqhw is a squirrel, ojfpij is a snake, so ojfpij is not more likely to gather acorns than aprqhw
cngb is a squirrel, vmrttjlo is a snake, so vmrttjlo is not more likely to gather acorns than cngb
mxzqhwfij is a goat, woktvcwwol is a tiger, so mxzqhwfij is more likely to be in the barn than woktvcwwol
opqlfenc is a goat, dzzrb is a tiger, so opqlfenc is more likely to be in the barn than dzzrb
wsqkxdc is a goat, wuwnscvrq is a tiger, so wsqkxdc is more likely to be in the barn than wuwnscvrq
dvclzqc is a goat, dduwqojjz is a tiger, so dvclzqc is more likely to be in the barn than dduwqojjz
edmepcqr is a goat, ekdqdgtdx is a tiger, so edmepcqr is more likely to be in the barn than ekdqdgtdx
mxzqhwfij is a goat, woktvcwwol is a tiger, so woktvcwwol is less likely to be in the barn than mxzqhwfij
opqlfenc is a goat, dzzrb is a tiger, so dzzrb is less likely to be in the barn than opqlfenc
wsqkxdc is a goat, wuwnscvrq is a tiger, so wuwnscvrq is less likely to be in the barn than wsqkxdc
dvclzqc is a goat, dduwqojjz is a tiger, so dduwqojjz is less likely to be in the barn than dvclzqc
edmepcqr is a goat, ekdqdgtdx is a tiger, so ekdqdgtdx is less likely to be in the barn than edmepcqr
fsgmlposkhc is a goat, sdcqk is a tiger, so fsgmlposkhc is not less likely to be in the barn than sdcqk
sngu is a goat, qifx is a tiger, so sngu is not less likely to be in the barn than qifx
caklritj is a goat, ydzfznfpyhv is a tiger, so caklritj is not less likely to be in the barn than ydzfznfpyhv
flsjhmk is a goat, wqggdegqhpy is a tiger, so flsjhmk is not less likely to be in the barn than wqggdegqhpy
emjblsuwigkc is a goat, kueto is a tiger, so emjblsuwigkc is not less likely to be in the barn than kueto
sdcqk is a goat, fsgmlposkhc is a tiger, so fsgmlposkhc is not more likely to be in the barn than sdcqk
qifx is a goat, sngu is a tiger, so sngu is not more likely to be in the barn than qifx
ydzfznfpyhv is a goat, caklritj is a tiger, so caklritj is not more likely to be in the barn than ydzfznfpyhv
wqggdegqhpy is a goat, flsjhmk is a tiger, so flsjhmk is not more likely to be in the barn than wqggdegqhpy
kueto is a goat, emjblsuwigkc is a tiger, so emjblsuwigkc is not more likely to be in the barn than kueto
idibqbf is a cow, qjspdinvjol is a rat, so idibqbf is more low by mooing than qjspdinvjol
urja is a cow, yiybq is a rat, so urja is more low by mooing than yiybq
gjryedfqfkgg is a cow, ihosfkpuov is a rat, so gjryedfqfkgg is more low by mooing than ihosfkpuov
wevmjevxzt is a cow, qnnrobnyqvhh is a rat, so wevmjevxzt is more low by mooing than qnnrobnyqvhh
xuk is a cow, kovrctjgmxa is a rat, so xuk is more low by mooing than kovrctjgmxa
idibqbf is a cow, qjspdinvjol is a rat, so qjspdinvjol is less low by mooing than idibqbf
urja is a cow, yiybq is a rat, so yiybq is less low by mooing than urja
gjryedfqfkgg is a cow, ihosfkpuov is a rat, so ihosfkpuov is less low by mooing than gjryedfqfkgg
wevmjevxzt is a cow, qnnrobnyqvhh is a rat, so qnnrobnyqvhh is less low by mooing than wevmjevxzt
xuk is a cow, kovrctjgmxa is a rat, so kovrctjgmxa is less low by mooing than xuk
tsnotfx is a cow, jmjilfyyi is a rat, so tsnotfx is not less low by mooing than jmjilfyyi
tllew is a cow, gklo is a rat, so tllew is not less low by mooing than gklo
ynup is a cow, ssxejosk is a rat, so ynup is not less low by mooing than ssxejosk
atqknw is a cow, ibj is a rat, so atqknw is not less low by mooing than ibj
deeb is a cow, qyjpv is a rat, so deeb is not less low by mooing than qyjpv
jmjilfyyi is a cow, tsnotfx is a rat, so tsnotfx is not more low by mooing than jmjilfyyi
gklo is a cow, tllew is a rat, so tllew is not more low by mooing than gklo
ssxejosk is a cow, ynup is a rat, so ynup is not more low by mooing than ssxejosk
ibj is a cow, atqknw is a rat, so atqknw is not more low by mooing than ibj
qyjpv is a cow, deeb is a rat, so deeb is not more low by mooing than qyjpv
umjydtdtw is a fly, hxdgpzvwpdj is a squirrel, so umjydtdtw is more likely to fly around than hxdgpzvwpdj
ncauwlhzxpf is a fly, hbatmysulftq is a squirrel, so ncauwlhzxpf is more likely to fly around than hbatmysulftq
smu is a fly, ttqdnrprdssw is a squirrel, so smu is more likely to fly around than ttqdnrprdssw
iesorhrvos is a fly, nglimq is a squirrel, so iesorhrvos is more likely to fly around than nglimq
jtkfqed is a fly, dxsjgqptrbh is a squirrel, so jtkfqed is more likely to fly around than dxsjgqptrbh
umjydtdtw is a fly, hxdgpzvwpdj is a squirrel, so hxdgpzvwpdj is less likely to fly around than umjydtdtw
ncauwlhzxpf is a fly, hbatmysulftq is a squirrel, so hbatmysulftq is less likely to fly around than ncauwlhzxpf
smu is a fly, ttqdnrprdssw is a squirrel, so ttqdnrprdssw is less likely to fly around than smu
iesorhrvos is a fly, nglimq is a squirrel, so nglimq is less likely to fly around than iesorhrvos
jtkfqed is a fly, dxsjgqptrbh is a squirrel, so dxsjgqptrbh is less likely to fly around than jtkfqed
fltdh is a fly, eustdfci is a squirrel, so fltdh is not less likely to fly around than eustdfci
hol is a fly, hbay is a squirrel, so hol is not less likely to fly around than hbay
lkzfltcz is a fly, ygtxyjezjk is a squirrel, so lkzfltcz is not less likely to fly around than ygtxyjezjk
fynvzuh is a fly, yjbgsvlyn is a squirrel, so fynvzuh is not less likely to fly around than yjbgsvlyn
xookrmvp is a fly, cruuugp is a squirrel, so xookrmvp is not less likely to fly around than cruuugp
eustdfci is a fly, fltdh is a squirrel, so fltdh is not more likely to fly around than eustdfci
hbay is a fly, hol is a squirrel, so hol is not more likely to fly around than hbay
ygtxyjezjk is a fly, lkzfltcz is a squirrel, so lkzfltcz is not more likely to fly around than ygtxyjezjk
yjbgsvlyn is a fly, fynvzuh is a squirrel, so fynvzuh is not more likely to fly around than yjbgsvlyn
cruuugp is a fly, xookrmvp is a squirrel, so xookrmvp is not more likely to fly around than cruuugp
vhkquoc is a bee, ndkj is a pig, so vhkquoc is more likely to be in the sky than ndkj
hjiiwk is a bee, drlclrztxqy is a pig, so hjiiwk is more likely to be in the sky than drlclrztxqy
mqpls is a bee, jmc is a pig, so mqpls is more likely to be in the sky than jmc
fsra is a bee, jubsizqnwe is a pig, so fsra is more likely to be in the sky than jubsizqnwe
rjh is a bee, uydz is a pig, so rjh is more likely to be in the sky than uydz
vhkquoc is a bee, ndkj is a pig, so ndkj is less likely to be in the sky than vhkquoc
hjiiwk is a bee, drlclrztxqy is a pig, so drlclrztxqy is less likely to be in the sky than hjiiwk
mqpls is a bee, jmc is a pig, so jmc is less likely to be in the sky than mqpls
fsra is a bee, jubsizqnwe is a pig, so jubsizqnwe is less likely to be in the sky than fsra
rjh is a bee, uydz is a pig, so uydz is less likely to be in the sky than rjh
rvwckml is a bee, otuukpqnpe is a pig, so rvwckml is not less likely to be in the sky than otuukpqnpe
jlqakdzguj is a bee, mufaochydi is a pig, so jlqakdzguj is not less likely to be in the sky than mufaochydi
zzso is a bee, bezicls is a pig, so zzso is not less likely to be in the sky than bezicls
rqfnpf is a bee, qkgolokalkod is a pig, so rqfnpf is not less likely to be in the sky than qkgolokalkod
vzrxxlx is a bee, uhctwswhfy is a pig, so vzrxxlx is not less likely to be in the sky than uhctwswhfy
otuukpqnpe is a bee, rvwckml is a pig, so rvwckml is not more likely to be in the sky than otuukpqnpe
mufaochydi is a bee, jlqakdzguj is a pig, so jlqakdzguj is not more likely to be in the sky than mufaochydi
bezicls is a bee, zzso is a pig, so zzso is not more likely to be in the sky than bezicls
qkgolokalkod is a bee, rqfnpf is a pig, so rqfnpf is not more likely to be in the sky than qkgolokalkod
uhctwswhfy is a bee, vzrxxlx is a pig, so vzrxxlx is not more likely to be in the sky than uhctwswhfy
juedm is a owl, zkvtmlqhft is a eagle, so juedm is more likely to see at night than zkvtmlqhft
coucrjstuezx is a owl, anwbqby is a eagle, so coucrjstuezx is more likely to see at night than anwbqby
sqktoufpuj is a owl, eeftraxli is a eagle, so sqktoufpuj is more likely to see at night than eeftraxli
xgsqod is a owl, wblqloreggd is a eagle, so xgsqod is more likely to see at night than wblqloreggd
zkepun is a owl, byyu is a eagle, so zkepun is more likely to see at night than byyu
juedm is a owl, zkvtmlqhft is a eagle, so zkvtmlqhft is less likely to see at night than juedm
coucrjstuezx is a owl, anwbqby is a eagle, so anwbqby is less likely to see at night than coucrjstuezx
sqktoufpuj is a owl, eeftraxli is a eagle, so eeftraxli is less likely to see at night than sqktoufpuj
xgsqod is a owl, wblqloreggd is a eagle, so wblqloreggd is less likely to see at night than xgsqod
zkepun is a owl, byyu is a eagle, so byyu is less likely to see at night than zkepun
djgfyudggi is a owl, jdcz is a eagle, so djgfyudggi is not less likely to see at night than jdcz
gexk is a owl, tcxhsfvtv is a eagle, so gexk is not less likely to see at night than tcxhsfvtv
totkej is a owl, imk is a eagle, so totkej is not less likely to see at night than imk
qmqxcgzad is a owl, fbozdwxdkrfy is a eagle, so qmqxcgzad is not less likely to see at night than fbozdwxdkrfy
ecewz is a owl, xefbxk is a eagle, so ecewz is not less likely to see at night than xefbxk
jdcz is a owl, djgfyudggi is a eagle, so djgfyudggi is not more likely to see at night than jdcz
tcxhsfvtv is a owl, gexk is a eagle, so gexk is not more likely to see at night than tcxhsfvtv
imk is a owl, totkej is a eagle, so totkej is not more likely to see at night than imk
fbozdwxdkrfy is a owl, qmqxcgzad is a eagle, so qmqxcgzad is not more likely to see at night than fbozdwxdkrfy
xefbxk is a owl, ecewz is a eagle, so ecewz is not more likely to see at night than xefbxk
rxbyeiitiog is a cow, kgqgdwe is a cat, so rxbyeiitiog is more likely to be in a paddock than kgqgdwe
rqirswo is a cow, gwqfslz is a cat, so rqirswo is more likely to be in a paddock than gwqfslz
cpvrgdn is a cow, jmdywoo is a cat, so cpvrgdn is more likely to be in a paddock than jmdywoo
uodjyc is a cow, gafpcqgl is a cat, so uodjyc is more likely to be in a paddock than gafpcqgl
oqgjpn is a cow, zjlymlltvbp is a cat, so oqgjpn is more likely to be in a paddock than zjlymlltvbp
rxbyeiitiog is a cow, kgqgdwe is a cat, so kgqgdwe is less likely to be in a paddock than rxbyeiitiog
rqirswo is a cow, gwqfslz is a cat, so gwqfslz is less likely to be in a paddock than rqirswo
cpvrgdn is a cow, jmdywoo is a cat, so jmdywoo is less likely to be in a paddock than cpvrgdn
uodjyc is a cow, gafpcqgl is a cat, so gafpcqgl is less likely to be in a paddock than uodjyc
oqgjpn is a cow, zjlymlltvbp is a cat, so zjlymlltvbp is less likely to be in a paddock than oqgjpn
mckguzobcube is a cow, tjyyhtqtlwn is a cat, so mckguzobcube is not less likely to be in a paddock than tjyyhtqtlwn
eomjx is a cow, oxwmcbb is a cat, so eomjx is not less likely to be in a paddock than oxwmcbb
fmjuk is a cow, chcm is a cat, so fmjuk is not less likely to be in a paddock than chcm
quagboon is a cow, hso is a cat, so quagboon is not less likely to be in a paddock than hso
xdu is a cow, hhkqwh is a cat, so xdu is not less likely to be in a paddock than hhkqwh
tjyyhtqtlwn is a cow, mckguzobcube is a cat, so mckguzobcube is not more likely to be in a paddock than tjyyhtqtlwn
oxwmcbb is a cow, eomjx is a cat, so eomjx is not more likely to be in a paddock than oxwmcbb
chcm is a cow, fmjuk is a cat, so fmjuk is not more likely to be in a paddock than chcm
hso is a cow, quagboon is a cat, so quagboon is not more likely to be in a paddock than hso
hhkqwh is a cow, xdu is a cat, so xdu is not more likely to be in a paddock than hhkqwh
nyditic is a pig, igirnbbkt is a kangaroo, so nyditic is more likely to find a truffle than igirnbbkt
cuxrrcmswnpb is a pig, fvsfeyswk is a kangaroo, so cuxrrcmswnpb is more likely to find a truffle than fvsfeyswk
hshgdiwdu is a pig, rjlea is a kangaroo, so hshgdiwdu is more likely to find a truffle than rjlea
bkwkil is a pig, jukfjdvf is a kangaroo, so bkwkil is more likely to find a truffle than jukfjdvf
fmbeachbml is a pig, brbir is a kangaroo, so fmbeachbml is more likely to find a truffle than brbir
nyditic is a pig, igirnbbkt is a kangaroo, so igirnbbkt is less likely to find a truffle than nyditic
cuxrrcmswnpb is a pig, fvsfeyswk is a kangaroo, so fvsfeyswk is less likely to find a truffle than cuxrrcmswnpb
hshgdiwdu is a pig, rjlea is a kangaroo, so rjlea is less likely to find a truffle than hshgdiwdu
bkwkil is a pig, jukfjdvf is a kangaroo, so jukfjdvf is less likely to find a truffle than bkwkil
fmbeachbml is a pig, brbir is a kangaroo, so brbir is less likely to find a truffle than fmbeachbml
driuhmb is a pig, jfetiebnevu is a kangaroo, so driuhmb is not less likely to find a truffle than jfetiebnevu
yxivglwa is a pig, buytigrbtwt is a kangaroo, so yxivglwa is not less likely to find a truffle than buytigrbtwt
mvab is a pig, etulfo is a kangaroo, so mvab is not less likely to find a truffle than etulfo
chspixsah is a pig, aqwqmtsnxdru is a kangaroo, so chspixsah is not less likely to find a truffle than aqwqmtsnxdru
zleahepk is a pig, sasxpneftzun is a kangaroo, so zleahepk is not less likely to find a truffle than sasxpneftzun
jfetiebnevu is a pig, driuhmb is a kangaroo, so driuhmb is not more likely to find a truffle than jfetiebnevu
buytigrbtwt is a pig, yxivglwa is a kangaroo, so yxivglwa is not more likely to find a truffle than buytigrbtwt
etulfo is a pig, mvab is a kangaroo, so mvab is not more likely to find a truffle than etulfo
aqwqmtsnxdru is a pig, chspixsah is a kangaroo, so chspixsah is not more likely to find a truffle than aqwqmtsnxdru
sasxpneftzun is a pig, zleahepk is a kangaroo, so zleahepk is not more likely to find a truffle than sasxpneftzun
fwarvqlw is a cat, vgwsewvnqs is a horse, so fwarvqlw is more likely to be in my lap than vgwsewvnqs
deownj is a cat, abcs is a horse, so deownj is more likely to be in my lap than abcs
vjmbazusopcf is a cat, xcwjyfcrsd is a horse, so vjmbazusopcf is more likely to be in my lap than xcwjyfcrsd
utnquspvjcf is a cat, bbdke is a horse, so utnquspvjcf is more likely to be in my lap than bbdke
uzdudtlty is a cat, clj is a horse, so uzdudtlty is more likely to be in my lap than clj
fwarvqlw is a cat, vgwsewvnqs is a horse, so vgwsewvnqs is less likely to be in my lap than fwarvqlw
deownj is a cat, abcs is a horse, so abcs is less likely to be in my lap than deownj
vjmbazusopcf is a cat, xcwjyfcrsd is a horse, so xcwjyfcrsd is less likely to be in my lap than vjmbazusopcf
utnquspvjcf is a cat, bbdke is a horse, so bbdke is less likely to be in my lap than utnquspvjcf
uzdudtlty is a cat, clj is a horse, so clj is less likely to be in my lap than uzdudtlty
hwkkvfgmn is a cat, qhlygwtugqc is a horse, so hwkkvfgmn is not less likely to be in my lap than qhlygwtugqc
wepdywsohn is a cat, gzlciib is a horse, so wepdywsohn is not less likely to be in my lap than gzlciib
vqize is a cat, aahope is a horse, so vqize is not less likely to be in my lap than aahope
nlfcbbyi is a cat, bywbb is a horse, so nlfcbbyi is not less likely to be in my lap than bywbb
vkaakz is a cat, zjwug is a horse, so vkaakz is not less likely to be in my lap than zjwug
qhlygwtugqc is a cat, hwkkvfgmn is a horse, so hwkkvfgmn is not less likely to be in my lap than qhlygwtugqc
gzlciib is a cat, wepdywsohn is a horse, so wepdywsohn is not less likely to be in my lap than gzlciib
aahope is a cat, vqize is a horse, so vqize is not less likely to be in my lap than aahope
bywbb is a cat, nlfcbbyi is a horse, so nlfcbbyi is not less likely to be in my lap than bywbb
zjwug is a cat, vkaakz is a horse, so vkaakz is not less likely to be in my lap than zjwug
dzr is a kangaroo, eads is a hamster, so dzr is more likely to jump than eads
xsue is a kangaroo, rzewvjkknfl is a hamster, so xsue is more likely to jump than rzewvjkknfl
ezo is a kangaroo, tkceyfb is a hamster, so ezo is more likely to jump than tkceyfb
obotnbsbirs is a kangaroo, sidsowklw is a hamster, so obotnbsbirs is more likely to jump than sidsowklw
nmbtjbsllne is a kangaroo, xxpucgxsyjo is a hamster, so nmbtjbsllne is more likely to jump than xxpucgxsyjo
dzr is a kangaroo, eads is a hamster, so eads is less likely to jump than dzr
xsue is a kangaroo, rzewvjkknfl is a hamster, so rzewvjkknfl is less likely to jump than xsue
ezo is a kangaroo, tkceyfb is a hamster, so tkceyfb is less likely to jump than ezo
obotnbsbirs is a kangaroo, sidsowklw is a hamster, so sidsowklw is less likely to jump than obotnbsbirs
nmbtjbsllne is a kangaroo, xxpucgxsyjo is a hamster, so xxpucgxsyjo is less likely to jump than nmbtjbsllne
rpr is a kangaroo, xvbuhz is a hamster, so rpr is not less likely to jump than xvbuhz
ubxaeqdcq is a kangaroo, hgte is a hamster, so ubxaeqdcq is not less likely to jump than hgte
eysilqbmbfsu is a kangaroo, fxqijfx is a hamster, so eysilqbmbfsu is not less likely to jump than fxqijfx
hop is a kangaroo, sdaamh is a hamster, so hop is not less likely to jump than sdaamh
fiedusdpd is a kangaroo, ycwvxza is a hamster, so fiedusdpd is not less likely to jump than ycwvxza
xvbuhz is a kangaroo, rpr is a hamster, so rpr is not more likely to jump than xvbuhz
hgte is a kangaroo, ubxaeqdcq is a hamster, so ubxaeqdcq is not more likely to jump than hgte
fxqijfx is a kangaroo, eysilqbmbfsu is a hamster, so eysilqbmbfsu is not more likely to jump than fxqijfx
sdaamh is a kangaroo, hop is a hamster, so hop is not more likely to jump than sdaamh
ycwvxza is a kangaroo, fiedusdpd is a hamster, so fiedusdpd is not more likely to jump than ycwvxza
xwqb is a horse, trfac is a tiger, so xwqb is more likely to be in a parade than trfac
rkarukpzvq is a horse, xucuevadzqm is a tiger, so rkarukpzvq is more likely to be in a parade than xucuevadzqm
xcmtwdbndxp is a horse, hrdrwnssd is a tiger, so xcmtwdbndxp is more likely to be in a parade than hrdrwnssd
teclyospel is a horse, mee is a tiger, so teclyospel is more likely to be in a parade than mee
jxxzgcgwigh is a horse, bgkeqyo is a tiger, so jxxzgcgwigh is more likely to be in a parade than bgkeqyo
xwqb is a horse, trfac is a tiger, so trfac is less likely to be in a parade than xwqb
rkarukpzvq is a horse, xucuevadzqm is a tiger, so xucuevadzqm is less likely to be in a parade than rkarukpzvq
xcmtwdbndxp is a horse, hrdrwnssd is a tiger, so hrdrwnssd is less likely to be in a parade than xcmtwdbndxp
teclyospel is a horse, mee is a tiger, so mee is less likely to be in a parade than teclyospel
jxxzgcgwigh is a horse, bgkeqyo is a tiger, so bgkeqyo is less likely to be in a parade than jxxzgcgwigh
arlqsm is a horse, mryprlljkgg is a tiger, so arlqsm is not more likely to be in a parade than mryprlljkgg
xzx is a horse, edesolquew is a tiger, so xzx is not more likely to be in a parade than edesolquew
hjunbhdzczko is a horse, vbbbdkvn is a tiger, so hjunbhdzczko is not more likely to be in a parade than vbbbdkvn
gtavyreeabxh is a horse, cjyov is a tiger, so gtavyreeabxh is not more likely to be in a parade than cjyov
ruzltofem is a horse, kvawq is a tiger, so ruzltofem is not more likely to be in a parade than kvawq
mryprlljkgg is a horse, arlqsm is a tiger, so arlqsm is not more likely to be in a parade than mryprlljkgg
edesolquew is a horse, xzx is a tiger, so xzx is not more likely to be in a parade than edesolquew
vbbbdkvn is a horse, hjunbhdzczko is a tiger, so hjunbhdzczko is not more likely to be in a parade than vbbbdkvn
cjyov is a horse, gtavyreeabxh is a tiger, so gtavyreeabxh is not more likely to be in a parade than cjyov
kvawq is a horse, ruzltofem is a tiger, so ruzltofem is not more likely to be in a parade than kvawq
jivury is a monkey, uigb is a chicken, so jivury is more likely to be in a barrel than uigb
rydyutycgvg is a monkey, egy is a chicken, so rydyutycgvg is more likely to be in a barrel than egy
jwqzvhaous is a monkey, ihwldfboujb is a chicken, so jwqzvhaous is more likely to be in a barrel than ihwldfboujb
ijbqlxntq is a monkey, dkcgmgrjv is a chicken, so ijbqlxntq is more likely to be in a barrel than dkcgmgrjv
wpz is a monkey, nsjfbxsfora is a chicken, so wpz is more likely to be in a barrel than nsjfbxsfora
jivury is a monkey, uigb is a chicken, so uigb is less likely to be in a barrel than jivury
rydyutycgvg is a monkey, egy is a chicken, so egy is less likely to be in a barrel than rydyutycgvg
jwqzvhaous is a monkey, ihwldfboujb is a chicken, so ihwldfboujb is less likely to be in a barrel than jwqzvhaous
ijbqlxntq is a monkey, dkcgmgrjv is a chicken, so dkcgmgrjv is less likely to be in a barrel than ijbqlxntq
wpz is a monkey, nsjfbxsfora is a chicken, so nsjfbxsfora is less likely to be in a barrel than wpz
ynnzabxvbqw is a monkey, itvnqltbmxuh is a chicken, so ynnzabxvbqw is not less likely to be in a barrel than itvnqltbmxuh
ezbdj is a monkey, zrt is a chicken, so ezbdj is not less likely to be in a barrel than zrt
hrwzap is a monkey, btewx is a chicken, so hrwzap is not less likely to be in a barrel than btewx
qks is a monkey, zrpvhvsyk is a chicken, so qks is not less likely to be in a barrel than zrpvhvsyk
isq is a monkey, jdstfx is a chicken, so isq is not less likely to be in a barrel than jdstfx
itvnqltbmxuh is a monkey, ynnzabxvbqw is a chicken, so ynnzabxvbqw is not more likely to be in a barrel than itvnqltbmxuh
zrt is a monkey, ezbdj is a chicken, so ezbdj is not more likely to be in a barrel than zrt
btewx is a monkey, hrwzap is a chicken, so hrwzap is not more likely to be in a barrel than btewx
zrpvhvsyk is a monkey, qks is a chicken, so qks is not more likely to be in a barrel than zrpvhvsyk
jdstfx is a monkey, isq is a chicken, so isq is not more likely to be in a barrel than jdstfx
ljgnzlaxvnip is a bear, phuvohwqgn is a hippopotamus, so ljgnzlaxvnip is more likely to fish for salmon than phuvohwqgn
mgldsnk is a bear, fhbakwfsybg is a hippopotamus, so mgldsnk is more likely to fish for salmon than fhbakwfsybg
vjs is a bear, uxzvetjbor is a hippopotamus, so vjs is more likely to fish for salmon than uxzvetjbor
qzdpkxj is a bear, vbgrcdie is a hippopotamus, so qzdpkxj is more likely to fish for salmon than vbgrcdie
ohfenhtytwhx is a bear, wvusznu is a hippopotamus, so ohfenhtytwhx is more likely to fish for salmon than wvusznu
ljgnzlaxvnip is a bear, phuvohwqgn is a hippopotamus, so phuvohwqgn is less likely to fish for salmon than ljgnzlaxvnip
mgldsnk is a bear, fhbakwfsybg is a hippopotamus, so fhbakwfsybg is less likely to fish for salmon than mgldsnk
vjs is a bear, uxzvetjbor is a hippopotamus, so uxzvetjbor is less likely to fish for salmon than vjs
qzdpkxj is a bear, vbgrcdie is a hippopotamus, so vbgrcdie is less likely to fish for salmon than qzdpkxj
ohfenhtytwhx is a bear, wvusznu is a hippopotamus, so wvusznu is less likely to fish for salmon than ohfenhtytwhx
lmcehvcoyy is a bear, efifv is a hippopotamus, so lmcehvcoyy is not more likely to fish for salmon than efifv
thuyvlgurkq is a bear, hobdsjkys is a hippopotamus, so thuyvlgurkq is not more likely to fish for salmon than hobdsjkys
xxdj is a bear, dhxdnpke is a hippopotamus, so xxdj is not more likely to fish for salmon than dhxdnpke
hdfipsf is a bear, hnnmmq is a hippopotamus, so hdfipsf is not more likely to fish for salmon than hnnmmq
qqbnspakr is a bear, hbapiwyhr is a hippopotamus, so qqbnspakr is not more likely to fish for salmon than hbapiwyhr
efifv is a bear, lmcehvcoyy is a hippopotamus, so lmcehvcoyy is not more likely to fish for salmon than efifv
hobdsjkys is a bear, thuyvlgurkq is a hippopotamus, so thuyvlgurkq is not more likely to fish for salmon than hobdsjkys
dhxdnpke is a bear, xxdj is a hippopotamus, so xxdj is not more likely to fish for salmon than dhxdnpke
hnnmmq is a bear, hdfipsf is a hippopotamus, so hdfipsf is not more likely to fish for salmon than hnnmmq
hbapiwyhr is a bear, qqbnspakr is a hippopotamus, so qqbnspakr is not more likely to fish for salmon than hbapiwyhr
pqww is a fish, crzooiudrzba is a snail, so pqww is more likely to be on the market than crzooiudrzba
img is a fish, xrssjpvorum is a snail, so img is more likely to be on the market than xrssjpvorum
ciwt is a fish, bii is a snail, so ciwt is more likely to be on the market than bii
fkdhrzp is a fish, mnx is a snail, so fkdhrzp is more likely to be on the market than mnx
gfbzhy is a fish, exxf is a snail, so gfbzhy is more likely to be on the market than exxf
pqww is a fish, crzooiudrzba is a snail, so crzooiudrzba is less likely to be on the market than pqww
img is a fish, xrssjpvorum is a snail, so xrssjpvorum is less likely to be on the market than img
ciwt is a fish, bii is a snail, so bii is less likely to be on the market than ciwt
fkdhrzp is a fish, mnx is a snail, so mnx is less likely to be on the market than fkdhrzp
gfbzhy is a fish, exxf is a snail, so exxf is less likely to be on the market than gfbzhy
sxjeaw is a fish, ibedty is a snail, so sxjeaw is not less likely to be on the market than ibedty
hssjgmhvfumk is a fish, tftjguyo is a snail, so hssjgmhvfumk is not less likely to be on the market than tftjguyo
xmfndvcxkt is a fish, tadlbxqd is a snail, so xmfndvcxkt is not less likely to be on the market than tadlbxqd
rtbdn is a fish, etxhle is a snail, so rtbdn is not less likely to be on the market than etxhle
kufq is a fish, qenbvcaw is a snail, so kufq is not less likely to be on the market than qenbvcaw
ibedty is a fish, sxjeaw is a snail, so sxjeaw is not more likely to be on the market than ibedty
tftjguyo is a fish, hssjgmhvfumk is a snail, so hssjgmhvfumk is not more likely to be on the market than tftjguyo
tadlbxqd is a fish, xmfndvcxkt is a snail, so xmfndvcxkt is not more likely to be on the market than tadlbxqd
etxhle is a fish, rtbdn is a snail, so rtbdn is not more likely to be on the market than etxhle
qenbvcaw is a fish, kufq is a snail, so kufq is not more likely to be on the market than qenbvcaw
nqv is a cow, jasfxlom is a fox, so nqv is more likely to be at a county fair than jasfxlom
tldfcxyl is a cow, urgwcd is a fox, so tldfcxyl is more likely to be at a county fair than urgwcd
iguofhlp is a cow, ftk is a fox, so iguofhlp is more likely to be at a county fair than ftk
gzr is a cow, vtbwgcb is a fox, so gzr is more likely to be at a county fair than vtbwgcb
ybruhlizatq is a cow, sylpugfrm is a fox, so ybruhlizatq is more likely to be at a county fair than sylpugfrm
nqv is a cow, jasfxlom is a fox, so jasfxlom is less likely to be at a county fair than nqv
tldfcxyl is a cow, urgwcd is a fox, so urgwcd is less likely to be at a county fair than tldfcxyl
iguofhlp is a cow, ftk is a fox, so ftk is less likely to be at a county fair than iguofhlp
gzr is a cow, vtbwgcb is a fox, so vtbwgcb is less likely to be at a county fair than gzr
ybruhlizatq is a cow, sylpugfrm is a fox, so sylpugfrm is less likely to be at a county fair than ybruhlizatq
jmh is a cow, uzwfnahpcxhd is a fox, so jmh is not less likely to be at a county fair than uzwfnahpcxhd
tbvbz is a cow, dwpdrmrrdspk is a fox, so tbvbz is not less likely to be at a county fair than dwpdrmrrdspk
jxfl is a cow, wmmtqjed is a fox, so jxfl is not less likely to be at a county fair than wmmtqjed
jdwdahzn is a cow, bplnl is a fox, so jdwdahzn is not less likely to be at a county fair than bplnl
tyvizbg is a cow, hzmhzo is a fox, so tyvizbg is not less likely to be at a county fair than hzmhzo
uzwfnahpcxhd is a cow, jmh is a fox, so jmh is not more likely to be at a county fair than uzwfnahpcxhd
dwpdrmrrdspk is a cow, tbvbz is a fox, so tbvbz is not more likely to be at a county fair than dwpdrmrrdspk
wmmtqjed is a cow, jxfl is a fox, so jxfl is not more likely to be at a county fair than wmmtqjed
bplnl is a cow, jdwdahzn is a fox, so jdwdahzn is not more likely to be at a county fair than bplnl
hzmhzo is a cow, tyvizbg is a fox, so tyvizbg is not more likely to be at a county fair than hzmhzo
hgxkbynvuago is a bee, dwgyziv is a fish, so hgxkbynvuago is more likely to be in the sky than dwgyziv
uswoqnvxglr is a bee, udesrvjdjzm is a fish, so uswoqnvxglr is more likely to be in the sky than udesrvjdjzm
smyyudwe is a bee, ehxkf is a fish, so smyyudwe is more likely to be in the sky than ehxkf
fclqfbrl is a bee, htbl is a fish, so fclqfbrl is more likely to be in the sky than htbl
wzlhuycytryb is a bee, pzyxgkmat is a fish, so wzlhuycytryb is more likely to be in the sky than pzyxgkmat
hgxkbynvuago is a bee, dwgyziv is a fish, so dwgyziv is less likely to be in the sky than hgxkbynvuago
uswoqnvxglr is a bee, udesrvjdjzm is a fish, so udesrvjdjzm is less likely to be in the sky than uswoqnvxglr
smyyudwe is a bee, ehxkf is a fish, so ehxkf is less likely to be in the sky than smyyudwe
fclqfbrl is a bee, htbl is a fish, so htbl is less likely to be in the sky than fclqfbrl
wzlhuycytryb is a bee, pzyxgkmat is a fish, so pzyxgkmat is less likely to be in the sky than wzlhuycytryb
grsnusj is a bee, msduhuecrqpp is a fish, so grsnusj is not less likely to be in the sky than msduhuecrqpp
qdbukewf is a bee, ukx is a fish, so qdbukewf is not less likely to be in the sky than ukx
hclenvjesai is a bee, ggniozuek is a fish, so hclenvjesai is not less likely to be in the sky than ggniozuek
dtcxsxqriwg is a bee, qxeu is a fish, so dtcxsxqriwg is not less likely to be in the sky than qxeu
sgsylysz is a bee, impxkwtvvhix is a fish, so sgsylysz is not less likely to be in the sky than impxkwtvvhix
msduhuecrqpp is a bee, grsnusj is a fish, so grsnusj is not more likely to be in the sky than msduhuecrqpp
ukx is a bee, qdbukewf is a fish, so qdbukewf is not more likely to be in the sky than ukx
ggniozuek is a bee, hclenvjesai is a fish, so hclenvjesai is not more likely to be in the sky than ggniozuek
qxeu is a bee, dtcxsxqriwg is a fish, so dtcxsxqriwg is not more likely to be in the sky than qxeu
impxkwtvvhix is a bee, sgsylysz is a fish, so sgsylysz is not more likely to be in the sky than impxkwtvvhix
glttpk is a fish, qawlifwcuqv is a eagle, so glttpk is more likely to be on the market than qawlifwcuqv
yipbownmtd is a fish, oxlopj is a eagle, so yipbownmtd is more likely to be on the market than oxlopj
akcihj is a fish, smiskzp is a eagle, so akcihj is more likely to be on the market than smiskzp
xsvybozp is a fish, pjpcjfjccw is a eagle, so xsvybozp is more likely to be on the market than pjpcjfjccw
sgb is a fish, mtllnwygxhl is a eagle, so sgb is more likely to be on the market than mtllnwygxhl
glttpk is a fish, qawlifwcuqv is a eagle, so qawlifwcuqv is less likely to be on the market than glttpk
yipbownmtd is a fish, oxlopj is a eagle, so oxlopj is less likely to be on the market than yipbownmtd
akcihj is a fish, smiskzp is a eagle, so smiskzp is less likely to be on the market than akcihj
xsvybozp is a fish, pjpcjfjccw is a eagle, so pjpcjfjccw is less likely to be on the market than xsvybozp
sgb is a fish, mtllnwygxhl is a eagle, so mtllnwygxhl is less likely to be on the market than sgb
avmc is a fish, nevsizx is a eagle, so avmc is not more likely to be on the market than nevsizx
apuuvts is a fish, meynqndyyvia is a eagle, so apuuvts is not more likely to be on the market than meynqndyyvia
ieqvzeb is a fish, bponciqteray is a eagle, so ieqvzeb is not more likely to be on the market than bponciqteray
zmobisdmcaq is a fish, jmecwkb is a eagle, so zmobisdmcaq is not more likely to be on the market than jmecwkb
ffayfwspr is a fish, gibgqhhllezl is a eagle, so ffayfwspr is not more likely to be on the market than gibgqhhllezl
nevsizx is a fish, avmc is a eagle, so avmc is not more likely to be on the market than nevsizx
meynqndyyvia is a fish, apuuvts is a eagle, so apuuvts is not more likely to be on the market than meynqndyyvia
bponciqteray is a fish, ieqvzeb is a eagle, so ieqvzeb is not more likely to be on the market than bponciqteray
jmecwkb is a fish, zmobisdmcaq is a eagle, so zmobisdmcaq is not more likely to be on the market than jmecwkb
gibgqhhllezl is a fish, ffayfwspr is a eagle, so ffayfwspr is not more likely to be on the market than gibgqhhllezl
lzsijjw is a fish, xwokloj is a eagle, so lzsijjw is more likely to be in a stream than xwokloj
zejsxa is a fish, gyzhuaji is a eagle, so zejsxa is more likely to be in a stream than gyzhuaji
qfd is a fish, vkimxdk is a eagle, so qfd is more likely to be in a stream than vkimxdk
epcta is a fish, bdmdwyzuzhg is a eagle, so epcta is more likely to be in a stream than bdmdwyzuzhg
omls is a fish, pwbwzouos is a eagle, so omls is more likely to be in a stream than pwbwzouos
lzsijjw is a fish, xwokloj is a eagle, so xwokloj is less likely to be in a stream than lzsijjw
zejsxa is a fish, gyzhuaji is a eagle, so gyzhuaji is less likely to be in a stream than zejsxa
qfd is a fish, vkimxdk is a eagle, so vkimxdk is less likely to be in a stream than qfd
epcta is a fish, bdmdwyzuzhg is a eagle, so bdmdwyzuzhg is less likely to be in a stream than epcta
omls is a fish, pwbwzouos is a eagle, so pwbwzouos is less likely to be in a stream than omls
onpetkvb is a fish, goyeytly is a eagle, so onpetkvb is not less likely to be in a stream than goyeytly
nbt is a fish, rwoo is a eagle, so nbt is not less likely to be in a stream than rwoo
izahonba is a fish, wftwxlevevmu is a eagle, so izahonba is not less likely to be in a stream than wftwxlevevmu
gzpwgk is a fish, blghifgol is a eagle, so gzpwgk is not less likely to be in a stream than blghifgol
ckfvdx is a fish, nmqzymhedqm is a eagle, so ckfvdx is not less likely to be in a stream than nmqzymhedqm
goyeytly is a fish, onpetkvb is a eagle, so onpetkvb is not more likely to be in a stream than goyeytly
rwoo is a fish, nbt is a eagle, so nbt is not more likely to be in a stream than rwoo
wftwxlevevmu is a fish, izahonba is a eagle, so izahonba is not more likely to be in a stream than wftwxlevevmu
blghifgol is a fish, gzpwgk is a eagle, so gzpwgk is not more likely to be in a stream than blghifgol
nmqzymhedqm is a fish, ckfvdx is a eagle, so ckfvdx is not more likely to be in a stream than nmqzymhedqm
eppfeoz is a frog, uqgowdtky is a duck, so eppfeoz is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than uqgowdtky
tbrgkjj is a frog, exsoir is a duck, so tbrgkjj is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than exsoir
duekbn is a frog, nffusjb is a duck, so duekbn is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than nffusjb
rfeimw is a frog, nxvwwifqxpb is a duck, so rfeimw is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than nxvwwifqxpb
gnssghyvkjyn is a frog, vct is a duck, so gnssghyvkjyn is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than vct
eppfeoz is a frog, uqgowdtky is a duck, so uqgowdtky is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than eppfeoz
tbrgkjj is a frog, exsoir is a duck, so exsoir is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than tbrgkjj
duekbn is a frog, nffusjb is a duck, so nffusjb is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than duekbn
rfeimw is a frog, nxvwwifqxpb is a duck, so nxvwwifqxpb is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than rfeimw
gnssghyvkjyn is a frog, vct is a duck, so vct is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than gnssghyvkjyn
tqwhn is a frog, qwo is a duck, so tqwhn is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than qwo
gmvpclydb is a frog, tldhgywdos is a duck, so gmvpclydb is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than tldhgywdos
wqxzav is a frog, wqasylh is a duck, so wqxzav is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than wqasylh
yzbyio is a frog, trbawspcpumc is a duck, so yzbyio is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than trbawspcpumc
quafa is a frog, wagpk is a duck, so quafa is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than wagpk
qwo is a frog, tqwhn is a duck, so tqwhn is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than qwo
tldhgywdos is a frog, gmvpclydb is a duck, so gmvpclydb is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than tldhgywdos
wqasylh is a frog, wqxzav is a duck, so wqxzav is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than wqasylh
trbawspcpumc is a frog, yzbyio is a duck, so yzbyio is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than trbawspcpumc
wagpk is a frog, quafa is a duck, so quafa is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than wagpk
kxisc is a shark, ncjscwuhqyxo is a alligator, so kxisc is more likely to be in the movie "jaws than ncjscwuhqyxo
cfsj is a shark, mhkozxmby is a alligator, so cfsj is more likely to be in the movie "jaws than mhkozxmby
vcqrol is a shark, sojwidewuar is a alligator, so vcqrol is more likely to be in the movie "jaws than sojwidewuar
jpmcigxsxq is a shark, siljvelmkunj is a alligator, so jpmcigxsxq is more likely to be in the movie "jaws than siljvelmkunj
dyhacl is a shark, aeysarv is a alligator, so dyhacl is more likely to be in the movie "jaws than aeysarv
kxisc is a shark, ncjscwuhqyxo is a alligator, so ncjscwuhqyxo is less likely to be in the movie "jaws" than kxisc
cfsj is a shark, mhkozxmby is a alligator, so mhkozxmby is less likely to be in the movie "jaws" than cfsj
vcqrol is a shark, sojwidewuar is a alligator, so sojwidewuar is less likely to be in the movie "jaws" than vcqrol
jpmcigxsxq is a shark, siljvelmkunj is a alligator, so siljvelmkunj is less likely to be in the movie "jaws" than jpmcigxsxq
dyhacl is a shark, aeysarv is a alligator, so aeysarv is less likely to be in the movie "jaws" than dyhacl
dzizit is a shark, pwvsnpxticor is a alligator, so dzizit is not less likely to be in the movie "jaws than pwvsnpxticor
kqzjpfww is a shark, tqporussi is a alligator, so kqzjpfww is not less likely to be in the movie "jaws than tqporussi
bmitpa is a shark, wjbalnaziv is a alligator, so bmitpa is not less likely to be in the movie "jaws than wjbalnaziv
ydzycs is a shark, mvujxujowyyp is a alligator, so ydzycs is not less likely to be in the movie "jaws than mvujxujowyyp
ycmcuumm is a shark, eorkzih is a alligator, so ycmcuumm is not less likely to be in the movie "jaws than eorkzih
pwvsnpxticor is a shark, dzizit is a alligator, so dzizit is not more likely to be in the movie "jaws than pwvsnpxticor
tqporussi is a shark, kqzjpfww is a alligator, so kqzjpfww is not more likely to be in the movie "jaws than tqporussi
wjbalnaziv is a shark, bmitpa is a alligator, so bmitpa is not more likely to be in the movie "jaws than wjbalnaziv
mvujxujowyyp is a shark, ydzycs is a alligator, so ydzycs is not more likely to be in the movie "jaws than mvujxujowyyp
eorkzih is a shark, ycmcuumm is a alligator, so ycmcuumm is not more likely to be in the movie "jaws than eorkzih
jckvklrfab is a bird, cgl is a deer, so jckvklrfab is less likely to be in the forest than cgl
mwbhwazmc is a bird, zornzhhlcd is a deer, so mwbhwazmc is less likely to be in the forest than zornzhhlcd
nrqrwfscjkq is a bird, kvmirs is a deer, so nrqrwfscjkq is less likely to be in the forest than kvmirs
dfvpsxpd is a bird, pxlgbxcjfnqy is a deer, so dfvpsxpd is less likely to be in the forest than pxlgbxcjfnqy
ief is a bird, oyw is a deer, so ief is less likely to be in the forest than oyw
jckvklrfab is a bird, cgl is a deer, so cgl is more likely to be in the forest than jckvklrfab
mwbhwazmc is a bird, zornzhhlcd is a deer, so zornzhhlcd is more likely to be in the forest than mwbhwazmc
nrqrwfscjkq is a bird, kvmirs is a deer, so kvmirs is more likely to be in the forest than nrqrwfscjkq
dfvpsxpd is a bird, pxlgbxcjfnqy is a deer, so pxlgbxcjfnqy is more likely to be in the forest than dfvpsxpd
ief is a bird, oyw is a deer, so oyw is more likely to be in the forest than ief
xebrilf is a bird, ivuulm is a deer, so xebrilf is not less likely to be in the forest than ivuulm
sbjl is a bird, cfh is a deer, so sbjl is not less likely to be in the forest than cfh
hbz is a bird, luk is a deer, so hbz is not less likely to be in the forest than luk
fsmettrvah is a bird, eeeeoj is a deer, so fsmettrvah is not less likely to be in the forest than eeeeoj
wpkelbcwsoqg is a bird, pynrzjoyiio is a deer, so wpkelbcwsoqg is not less likely to be in the forest than pynrzjoyiio
ivuulm is a bird, xebrilf is a deer, so xebrilf is not more likely to be in the forest than ivuulm
cfh is a bird, sbjl is a deer, so sbjl is not more likely to be in the forest than cfh
luk is a bird, hbz is a deer, so hbz is not more likely to be in the forest than luk
eeeeoj is a bird, fsmettrvah is a deer, so fsmettrvah is not more likely to be in the forest than eeeeoj
pynrzjoyiio is a bird, wpkelbcwsoqg is a deer, so wpkelbcwsoqg is not more likely to be in the forest than pynrzjoyiio
kjog is a seal, jvxjkycnuz is a chicken, so kjog is less likely to be in a zoo than jvxjkycnuz
dmuupuqfi is a seal, llmcpwafdnkh is a chicken, so dmuupuqfi is less likely to be in a zoo than llmcpwafdnkh
hlg is a seal, vsdqwckhs is a chicken, so hlg is less likely to be in a zoo than vsdqwckhs
gdappkyeg is a seal, fkdkcfnb is a chicken, so gdappkyeg is less likely to be in a zoo than fkdkcfnb
yfvhlyspfplp is a seal, kcgaweh is a chicken, so yfvhlyspfplp is less likely to be in a zoo than kcgaweh
kjog is a seal, jvxjkycnuz is a chicken, so jvxjkycnuz is less likely to be in a zoo than kjog
dmuupuqfi is a seal, llmcpwafdnkh is a chicken, so llmcpwafdnkh is less likely to be in a zoo than dmuupuqfi
hlg is a seal, vsdqwckhs is a chicken, so vsdqwckhs is less likely to be in a zoo than hlg
gdappkyeg is a seal, fkdkcfnb is a chicken, so fkdkcfnb is less likely to be in a zoo than gdappkyeg
yfvhlyspfplp is a seal, kcgaweh is a chicken, so kcgaweh is less likely to be in a zoo than yfvhlyspfplp
oazepbtnxvc is a seal, nnclgy is a chicken, so oazepbtnxvc is not less likely to be in a zoo than nnclgy
vkqt is a seal, honipaq is a chicken, so vkqt is not less likely to be in a zoo than honipaq
paca is a seal, fhl is a chicken, so paca is not less likely to be in a zoo than fhl
qllq is a seal, oonmhbjmmpam is a chicken, so qllq is not less likely to be in a zoo than oonmhbjmmpam
hyjjeooj is a seal, uqsrcacjt is a chicken, so hyjjeooj is not less likely to be in a zoo than uqsrcacjt
nnclgy is a seal, oazepbtnxvc is a chicken, so oazepbtnxvc is not more likely to be in a zoo than nnclgy
honipaq is a seal, vkqt is a chicken, so vkqt is not more likely to be in a zoo than honipaq
fhl is a seal, paca is a chicken, so paca is not more likely to be in a zoo than fhl
oonmhbjmmpam is a seal, qllq is a chicken, so qllq is not more likely to be in a zoo than oonmhbjmmpam
uqsrcacjt is a seal, hyjjeooj is a chicken, so hyjjeooj is not more likely to be in a zoo than uqsrcacjt
tepjvxr is a bird, ivbu is a deer, so tepjvxr is more likely to be in a birdbath than ivbu
zlebi is a bird, pkpixperl is a deer, so zlebi is more likely to be in a birdbath than pkpixperl
agpqgaly is a bird, vvbbjqgtpts is a deer, so agpqgaly is more likely to be in a birdbath than vvbbjqgtpts
iwwn is a bird, fns is a deer, so iwwn is more likely to be in a birdbath than fns
aycqmfwn is a bird, dxpsqcpkolz is a deer, so aycqmfwn is more likely to be in a birdbath than dxpsqcpkolz
tepjvxr is a bird, ivbu is a deer, so ivbu is less likely to be in a birdbath than tepjvxr
zlebi is a bird, pkpixperl is a deer, so pkpixperl is less likely to be in a birdbath than zlebi
agpqgaly is a bird, vvbbjqgtpts is a deer, so vvbbjqgtpts is less likely to be in a birdbath than agpqgaly
iwwn is a bird, fns is a deer, so fns is less likely to be in a birdbath than iwwn
aycqmfwn is a bird, dxpsqcpkolz is a deer, so dxpsqcpkolz is less likely to be in a birdbath than aycqmfwn
omqiz is a bird, xbvnnvbecfx is a deer, so omqiz is not less likely to be in a birdbath than xbvnnvbecfx
rdeycbqqeeag is a bird, vgta is a deer, so rdeycbqqeeag is not less likely to be in a birdbath than vgta
oekdsykeaj is a bird, lwkaaqumuao is a deer, so oekdsykeaj is not less likely to be in a birdbath than lwkaaqumuao
fjjdgr is a bird, svevpmfnugg is a deer, so fjjdgr is not less likely to be in a birdbath than svevpmfnugg
kmfnwvnhkezf is a bird, pddmbov is a deer, so kmfnwvnhkezf is not less likely to be in a birdbath than pddmbov
xbvnnvbecfx is a bird, omqiz is a deer, so omqiz is not more likely to be in a birdbath than xbvnnvbecfx
vgta is a bird, rdeycbqqeeag is a deer, so rdeycbqqeeag is not more likely to be in a birdbath than vgta
lwkaaqumuao is a bird, oekdsykeaj is a deer, so oekdsykeaj is not more likely to be in a birdbath than lwkaaqumuao
svevpmfnugg is a bird, fjjdgr is a deer, so fjjdgr is not more likely to be in a birdbath than svevpmfnugg
pddmbov is a bird, kmfnwvnhkezf is a deer, so kmfnwvnhkezf is not more likely to be in a birdbath than pddmbov
zximebu is a spider, qongzsdiguc is a camel, so zximebu is more likely to be in the cellar than qongzsdiguc
sgidj is a spider, ybrnllfaaank is a camel, so sgidj is more likely to be in the cellar than ybrnllfaaank
tvoqwzcjwtkc is a spider, axovojvksw is a camel, so tvoqwzcjwtkc is more likely to be in the cellar than axovojvksw
mbplhlni is a spider, enypxjn is a camel, so mbplhlni is more likely to be in the cellar than enypxjn
uwyelq is a spider, myoph is a camel, so uwyelq is more likely to be in the cellar than myoph
zximebu is a spider, qongzsdiguc is a camel, so qongzsdiguc is less likely to be in the cellar than zximebu
sgidj is a spider, ybrnllfaaank is a camel, so ybrnllfaaank is less likely to be in the cellar than sgidj
tvoqwzcjwtkc is a spider, axovojvksw is a camel, so axovojvksw is less likely to be in the cellar than tvoqwzcjwtkc
mbplhlni is a spider, enypxjn is a camel, so enypxjn is less likely to be in the cellar than mbplhlni
uwyelq is a spider, myoph is a camel, so myoph is less likely to be in the cellar than uwyelq
atwwqpm is a spider, smholhpzut is a camel, so atwwqpm is not less likely to be in the cellar than smholhpzut
laxsd is a spider, lrxkfussbuew is a camel, so laxsd is not less likely to be in the cellar than lrxkfussbuew
kbv is a spider, xijwenhfrdtr is a camel, so kbv is not less likely to be in the cellar than xijwenhfrdtr
xvcecqyns is a spider, etfxps is a camel, so xvcecqyns is not less likely to be in the cellar than etfxps
stwh is a spider, tsrossmpqez is a camel, so stwh is not less likely to be in the cellar than tsrossmpqez
smholhpzut is a spider, atwwqpm is a camel, so atwwqpm is not more likely to be in the cellar than smholhpzut
lrxkfussbuew is a spider, laxsd is a camel, so laxsd is not more likely to be in the cellar than lrxkfussbuew
xijwenhfrdtr is a spider, kbv is a camel, so kbv is not more likely to be in the cellar than xijwenhfrdtr
etfxps is a spider, xvcecqyns is a camel, so xvcecqyns is not more likely to be in the cellar than etfxps
tsrossmpqez is a spider, stwh is a camel, so stwh is not more likely to be in the cellar than tsrossmpqez
rmjakxt is a chicken, arxbblz is a shark, so rmjakxt is more likely to be in the freezer than arxbblz
rztorwsxbo is a chicken, jqrv is a shark, so rztorwsxbo is more likely to be in the freezer than jqrv
oppc is a chicken, axcatn is a shark, so oppc is more likely to be in the freezer than axcatn
evdqewymzj is a chicken, nhqrdpe is a shark, so evdqewymzj is more likely to be in the freezer than nhqrdpe
soenhghfw is a chicken, jiirjfrig is a shark, so soenhghfw is more likely to be in the freezer than jiirjfrig
rmjakxt is a chicken, arxbblz is a shark, so arxbblz is less likely to be in the freezer than rmjakxt
rztorwsxbo is a chicken, jqrv is a shark, so jqrv is less likely to be in the freezer than rztorwsxbo
oppc is a chicken, axcatn is a shark, so axcatn is less likely to be in the freezer than oppc
evdqewymzj is a chicken, nhqrdpe is a shark, so nhqrdpe is less likely to be in the freezer than evdqewymzj
soenhghfw is a chicken, jiirjfrig is a shark, so jiirjfrig is less likely to be in the freezer than soenhghfw
eyraavn is a chicken, vdjzmjvtuyx is a shark, so eyraavn is not less likely to be in the freezer than vdjzmjvtuyx
wyopsmyorz is a chicken, oijx is a shark, so wyopsmyorz is not less likely to be in the freezer than oijx
nlr is a chicken, trgtdr is a shark, so nlr is not less likely to be in the freezer than trgtdr
qqmmwuj is a chicken, rtagttq is a shark, so qqmmwuj is not less likely to be in the freezer than rtagttq
ojgibjh is a chicken, kziaw is a shark, so ojgibjh is not less likely to be in the freezer than kziaw
vdjzmjvtuyx is a chicken, eyraavn is a shark, so eyraavn is not more likely to be in the freezer than vdjzmjvtuyx
oijx is a chicken, wyopsmyorz is a shark, so wyopsmyorz is not more likely to be in the freezer than oijx
trgtdr is a chicken, nlr is a shark, so nlr is not more likely to be in the freezer than trgtdr
rtagttq is a chicken, qqmmwuj is a shark, so qqmmwuj is not more likely to be in the freezer than rtagttq
kziaw is a chicken, ojgibjh is a shark, so ojgibjh is not more likely to be in the freezer than kziaw
xjjfuqu is a lion, ujbvyaftytxg is a shark, so xjjfuqu is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than ujbvyaftytxg
cxizcxstgl is a lion, ssa is a shark, so cxizcxstgl is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than ssa
dnqgkqhvm is a lion, kuaernxiv is a shark, so dnqgkqhvm is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than kuaernxiv
ergzrvoqovfn is a lion, itzjdhciiiqy is a shark, so ergzrvoqovfn is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than itzjdhciiiqy
fji is a lion, umxki is a shark, so fji is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than umxki
xjjfuqu is a lion, ujbvyaftytxg is a shark, so ujbvyaftytxg is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than xjjfuqu
cxizcxstgl is a lion, ssa is a shark, so ssa is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than cxizcxstgl
dnqgkqhvm is a lion, kuaernxiv is a shark, so kuaernxiv is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than dnqgkqhvm
ergzrvoqovfn is a lion, itzjdhciiiqy is a shark, so itzjdhciiiqy is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than ergzrvoqovfn
fji is a lion, umxki is a shark, so umxki is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than fji
dnuppzuphqpu is a lion, uniivtrghtmj is a shark, so dnuppzuphqpu is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than uniivtrghtmj
ysghmeke is a lion, nfclmtsdz is a shark, so ysghmeke is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than nfclmtsdz
ywy is a lion, ocbqlt is a shark, so ywy is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than ocbqlt
roxwfbzauuxt is a lion, tytaghjch is a shark, so roxwfbzauuxt is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than tytaghjch
bwyyxnmb is a lion, twkf is a shark, so bwyyxnmb is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than twkf
uniivtrghtmj is a lion, dnuppzuphqpu is a shark, so dnuppzuphqpu is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than uniivtrghtmj
nfclmtsdz is a lion, ysghmeke is a shark, so ysghmeke is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than nfclmtsdz
ocbqlt is a lion, ywy is a shark, so ywy is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than ocbqlt
tytaghjch is a lion, roxwfbzauuxt is a shark, so roxwfbzauuxt is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than tytaghjch
twkf is a lion, bwyyxnmb is a shark, so bwyyxnmb is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than twkf
njqngccq is a seal, dqgc is a eagle, so njqngccq is less likely to be on a rock than dqgc
czhpuet is a seal, zhohpqmuysa is a eagle, so czhpuet is less likely to be on a rock than zhohpqmuysa
ewcn is a seal, byokjoeo is a eagle, so ewcn is less likely to be on a rock than byokjoeo
grculn is a seal, fdqwbnjbfor is a eagle, so grculn is less likely to be on a rock than fdqwbnjbfor
sqayk is a seal, opq is a eagle, so sqayk is less likely to be on a rock than opq
njqngccq is a seal, dqgc is a eagle, so dqgc is more likely to position itsself on a rock than njqngccq
czhpuet is a seal, zhohpqmuysa is a eagle, so zhohpqmuysa is more likely to position itsself on a rock than czhpuet
ewcn is a seal, byokjoeo is a eagle, so byokjoeo is more likely to position itsself on a rock than ewcn
grculn is a seal, fdqwbnjbfor is a eagle, so fdqwbnjbfor is more likely to position itsself on a rock than grculn
sqayk is a seal, opq is a eagle, so opq is more likely to position itsself on a rock than sqayk
mkwizibrpy is a seal, jxzzqhll is a eagle, so mkwizibrpy is not less likely to position itsself on a rock than jxzzqhll
ozu is a seal, dzpxd is a eagle, so ozu is not less likely to position itsself on a rock than dzpxd
vmlhapksp is a seal, bcru is a eagle, so vmlhapksp is not less likely to position itsself on a rock than bcru
vuo is a seal, iatezlhatkrh is a eagle, so vuo is not less likely to position itsself on a rock than iatezlhatkrh
adudvwp is a seal, gcq is a eagle, so adudvwp is not less likely to position itsself on a rock than gcq
jxzzqhll is a seal, mkwizibrpy is a eagle, so mkwizibrpy is not more likely to position itsself on a rock than jxzzqhll
dzpxd is a seal, ozu is a eagle, so ozu is not more likely to position itsself on a rock than dzpxd
bcru is a seal, vmlhapksp is a eagle, so vmlhapksp is not more likely to position itsself on a rock than bcru
iatezlhatkrh is a seal, vuo is a eagle, so vuo is not more likely to position itsself on a rock than iatezlhatkrh
gcq is a seal, adudvwp is a eagle, so adudvwp is not more likely to position itsself on a rock than gcq
lwjbwvadzkg is a bird, lkcqbiep is an ant, so lwjbwvadzkg is more likely to chirp than lkcqbiep
hboikqczhhw is a bird, lyat is an ant, so hboikqczhhw is more likely to chirp than lyat
qplmmxpezcnc is a bird, lmc is an ant, so qplmmxpezcnc is more likely to chirp than lmc
qqlqsxd is a bird, xjvyiivs is an ant, so qqlqsxd is more likely to chirp than xjvyiivs
zwmihledmgp is a bird, nrzple is an ant, so zwmihledmgp is more likely to chirp than nrzple
lwjbwvadzkg is a bird, lkcqbiep is an ant, so lkcqbiep is less likely to chirp than lwjbwvadzkg
hboikqczhhw is a bird, lyat is an ant, so lyat is less likely to chirp than hboikqczhhw
qplmmxpezcnc is a bird, lmc is an ant, so lmc is less likely to chirp than qplmmxpezcnc
qqlqsxd is a bird, xjvyiivs is an ant, so xjvyiivs is less likely to chirp than qqlqsxd
zwmihledmgp is a bird, nrzple is an ant, so nrzple is less likely to chirp than zwmihledmgp
gzh is a bird, crxzipv is an ant, so gzh is not less likely to chirp than crxzipv
bjzulym is a bird, eedvqdam is an ant, so bjzulym is not less likely to chirp than eedvqdam
vqjvsv is a bird, zecju is an ant, so vqjvsv is not less likely to chirp than zecju
svlxvmjgk is a bird, zvgu is an ant, so svlxvmjgk is not less likely to chirp than zvgu
epzw is a bird, jomtxkcy is an ant, so epzw is not less likely to chirp than jomtxkcy
crxzipv is a bird, gzh is an ant, so gzh is not more likely to chirp than crxzipv
eedvqdam is a bird, bjzulym is an ant, so bjzulym is not more likely to chirp than eedvqdam
zecju is a bird, vqjvsv is an ant, so vqjvsv is not more likely to chirp than zecju
zvgu is a bird, svlxvmjgk is an ant, so svlxvmjgk is not more likely to chirp than zvgu
jomtxkcy is a bird, epzw is an ant, so epzw is not more likely to chirp than jomtxkcy
uitxl is a eagle, qhnlqv is a cat, so uitxl is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than qhnlqv
ubhhjb is a eagle, iccvjpjsbngg is a cat, so ubhhjb is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than iccvjpjsbngg
tyaghruag is a eagle, ioqnnjce is a cat, so tyaghruag is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than ioqnnjce
kgee is a eagle, gvnaei is a cat, so kgee is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than gvnaei
olz is a eagle, wpibhiyk is a cat, so olz is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than wpibhiyk
uitxl is a eagle, qhnlqv is a cat, so qhnlqv is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than uitxl
ubhhjb is a eagle, iccvjpjsbngg is a cat, so iccvjpjsbngg is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than ubhhjb
tyaghruag is a eagle, ioqnnjce is a cat, so ioqnnjce is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than tyaghruag
kgee is a eagle, gvnaei is a cat, so gvnaei is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than kgee
olz is a eagle, wpibhiyk is a cat, so wpibhiyk is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than olz
uokpj is a eagle, nqyxuo is a cat, so uokpj is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than nqyxuo
cygezchuhasy is a eagle, phktq is a cat, so cygezchuhasy is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than phktq
wzwpfpfat is a eagle, rbsu is a cat, so wzwpfpfat is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than rbsu
swghaufhdz is a eagle, vkizhzsw is a cat, so swghaufhdz is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than vkizhzsw
vknev is a eagle, eqgaobcrod is a cat, so vknev is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than eqgaobcrod
nqyxuo is a eagle, uokpj is a cat, so uokpj is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than nqyxuo
phktq is a eagle, cygezchuhasy is a cat, so cygezchuhasy is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than phktq
rbsu is a eagle, wzwpfpfat is a cat, so wzwpfpfat is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than rbsu
vkizhzsw is a eagle, swghaufhdz is a cat, so swghaufhdz is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than vkizhzsw
eqgaobcrod is a eagle, vknev is a cat, so vknev is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than eqgaobcrod
cdwvim is a elephant, sbsyfnm is a dolphin, so cdwvim is more likely to lift the tree than sbsyfnm
ezhswruu is a elephant, tqyifqzxgpvh is a dolphin, so ezhswruu is more likely to lift the tree than tqyifqzxgpvh
bhcvaljct is a elephant, cylmie is a dolphin, so bhcvaljct is more likely to lift the tree than cylmie
ekhusavj is a elephant, elkda is a dolphin, so ekhusavj is more likely to lift the tree than elkda
rgtegrg is a elephant, siubuhibfk is a dolphin, so rgtegrg is more likely to lift the tree than siubuhibfk
cdwvim is a elephant, sbsyfnm is a dolphin, so sbsyfnm is less likely to lift the tree than cdwvim
ezhswruu is a elephant, tqyifqzxgpvh is a dolphin, so tqyifqzxgpvh is less likely to lift the tree than ezhswruu
bhcvaljct is a elephant, cylmie is a dolphin, so cylmie is less likely to lift the tree than bhcvaljct
ekhusavj is a elephant, elkda is a dolphin, so elkda is less likely to lift the tree than ekhusavj
rgtegrg is a elephant, siubuhibfk is a dolphin, so siubuhibfk is less likely to lift the tree than rgtegrg
gmhkkekihpdz is a elephant, eqsllxnj is a dolphin, so gmhkkekihpdz is not less likely to lift the tree than eqsllxnj
ako is a elephant, svt is a dolphin, so ako is not less likely to lift the tree than svt
fhw is a elephant, lmwnztyjwo is a dolphin, so fhw is not less likely to lift the tree than lmwnztyjwo
mdyc is a elephant, rewwluri is a dolphin, so mdyc is not less likely to lift the tree than rewwluri
vdjuiqombhxt is a elephant, dard is a dolphin, so vdjuiqombhxt is not less likely to lift the tree than dard
eqsllxnj is a elephant, gmhkkekihpdz is a dolphin, so gmhkkekihpdz is not more likely to lift the tree than eqsllxnj
svt is a elephant, ako is a dolphin, so ako is not more likely to lift the tree than svt
lmwnztyjwo is a elephant, fhw is a dolphin, so fhw is not more likely to lift the tree than lmwnztyjwo
rewwluri is a elephant, mdyc is a dolphin, so mdyc is not more likely to lift the tree than rewwluri
dard is a elephant, vdjuiqombhxt is a dolphin, so vdjuiqombhxt is not more likely to lift the tree than dard
ftpfpwoylpmd is a bird, uxzu is a snake, so ftpfpwoylpmd is more likely to be in the air than uxzu
gbtoayn is a bird, lhk is a snake, so gbtoayn is more likely to be in the air than lhk
zsuqb is a bird, xnxrqet is a snake, so zsuqb is more likely to be in the air than xnxrqet
gikdjrrgmm is a bird, rrhxojyp is a snake, so gikdjrrgmm is more likely to be in the air than rrhxojyp
tzdrree is a bird, jfywib is a snake, so tzdrree is more likely to be in the air than jfywib
ftpfpwoylpmd is a bird, uxzu is a snake, so uxzu is less likely to be in the air than ftpfpwoylpmd
gbtoayn is a bird, lhk is a snake, so lhk is less likely to be in the air than gbtoayn
zsuqb is a bird, xnxrqet is a snake, so xnxrqet is less likely to be in the air than zsuqb
gikdjrrgmm is a bird, rrhxojyp is a snake, so rrhxojyp is less likely to be in the air than gikdjrrgmm
tzdrree is a bird, jfywib is a snake, so jfywib is less likely to be in the air than tzdrree
wjnusffnm is a bird, tewkwrlxph is a snake, so wjnusffnm is not less likely to be in the air than tewkwrlxph
mwvhyvnwy is a bird, dryhqq is a snake, so mwvhyvnwy is not less likely to be in the air than dryhqq
hlkorbysujht is a bird, hxjooqn is a snake, so hlkorbysujht is not less likely to be in the air than hxjooqn
gdo is a bird, ikpbbbgix is a snake, so gdo is not less likely to be in the air than ikpbbbgix
hdulenxu is a bird, ewby is a snake, so hdulenxu is not less likely to be in the air than ewby
tewkwrlxph is a bird, wjnusffnm is a snake, so wjnusffnm is not more likely to be in the air than tewkwrlxph
dryhqq is a bird, mwvhyvnwy is a snake, so mwvhyvnwy is not more likely to be in the air than dryhqq
hxjooqn is a bird, hlkorbysujht is a snake, so hlkorbysujht is not more likely to be in the air than hxjooqn
ikpbbbgix is a bird, gdo is a snake, so gdo is not more likely to be in the air than ikpbbbgix
ewby is a bird, hdulenxu is a snake, so hdulenxu is not more likely to be in the air than ewby
hjvtqoon is a tiger, udngtoh is a fish, so hjvtqoon is more likely to be in the jungle than udngtoh
hmdpu is a tiger, nlb is a fish, so hmdpu is more likely to be in the jungle than nlb
kezprikl is a tiger, jmyyfewtmt is a fish, so kezprikl is more likely to be in the jungle than jmyyfewtmt
xrodiogpw is a tiger, jigszkimvymn is a fish, so xrodiogpw is more likely to be in the jungle than jigszkimvymn
tlcdhya is a tiger, oyhtza is a fish, so tlcdhya is more likely to be in the jungle than oyhtza
hjvtqoon is a tiger, udngtoh is a fish, so udngtoh is less likely to be in the jungle than hjvtqoon
hmdpu is a tiger, nlb is a fish, so nlb is less likely to be in the jungle than hmdpu
kezprikl is a tiger, jmyyfewtmt is a fish, so jmyyfewtmt is less likely to be in the jungle than kezprikl
xrodiogpw is a tiger, jigszkimvymn is a fish, so jigszkimvymn is less likely to be in the jungle than xrodiogpw
tlcdhya is a tiger, oyhtza is a fish, so oyhtza is less likely to be in the jungle than tlcdhya
nxrbezsrgjw is a tiger, zvcsnupneuj is a fish, so nxrbezsrgjw is not less likely to be in the jungle than zvcsnupneuj
xmk is a tiger, brawbirvvj is a fish, so xmk is not less likely to be in the jungle than brawbirvvj
juywitbk is a tiger, homev is a fish, so juywitbk is not less likely to be in the jungle than homev
eidptk is a tiger, iocpsivyios is a fish, so eidptk is not less likely to be in the jungle than iocpsivyios
bfmurl is a tiger, fwqf is a fish, so bfmurl is not less likely to be in the jungle than fwqf
zvcsnupneuj is a tiger, nxrbezsrgjw is a fish, so nxrbezsrgjw is not more likely to be in the jungle than zvcsnupneuj
brawbirvvj is a tiger, xmk is a fish, so xmk is not more likely to be in the jungle than brawbirvvj
homev is a tiger, juywitbk is a fish, so juywitbk is not more likely to be in the jungle than homev
iocpsivyios is a tiger, eidptk is a fish, so eidptk is not more likely to be in the jungle than iocpsivyios
fwqf is a tiger, bfmurl is a fish, so bfmurl is not more likely to be in the jungle than fwqf
qdkmz is a shark, grqphbixlzu is a lobster, so qdkmz is more likely to be in a pool hall than grqphbixlzu
qhsb is a shark, xxmqja is a lobster, so qhsb is more likely to be in a pool hall than xxmqja
sgqdlpzvuk is a shark, fuyc is a lobster, so sgqdlpzvuk is more likely to be in a pool hall than fuyc
fecwayvrtzrw is a shark, wswdbwxvqyu is a lobster, so fecwayvrtzrw is more likely to be in a pool hall than wswdbwxvqyu
zabphcpre is a shark, ksqnwsdvy is a lobster, so zabphcpre is more likely to be in a pool hall than ksqnwsdvy
qdkmz is a shark, grqphbixlzu is a lobster, so grqphbixlzu is less likely to be in a pool hall than qdkmz
qhsb is a shark, xxmqja is a lobster, so xxmqja is less likely to be in a pool hall than qhsb
sgqdlpzvuk is a shark, fuyc is a lobster, so fuyc is less likely to be in a pool hall than sgqdlpzvuk
fecwayvrtzrw is a shark, wswdbwxvqyu is a lobster, so wswdbwxvqyu is less likely to be in a pool hall than fecwayvrtzrw
zabphcpre is a shark, ksqnwsdvy is a lobster, so ksqnwsdvy is less likely to be in a pool hall than zabphcpre
emcapljvjpcy is a shark, plm is a lobster, so emcapljvjpcy is not less likely to be in a pool hall than plm
oeu is a shark, zxmxlikjlon is a lobster, so oeu is not less likely to be in a pool hall than zxmxlikjlon
hsjcbttpzsoz is a shark, vllocl is a lobster, so hsjcbttpzsoz is not less likely to be in a pool hall than vllocl
kbdjevajpw is a shark, nqrtjdprdi is a lobster, so kbdjevajpw is not less likely to be in a pool hall than nqrtjdprdi
yqzyefnicbz is a shark, zxmv is a lobster, so yqzyefnicbz is not less likely to be in a pool hall than zxmv
plm is a shark, emcapljvjpcy is a lobster, so emcapljvjpcy is not more likely to be in a pool hall than plm
zxmxlikjlon is a shark, oeu is a lobster, so oeu is not more likely to be in a pool hall than zxmxlikjlon
vllocl is a shark, hsjcbttpzsoz is a lobster, so hsjcbttpzsoz is not more likely to be in a pool hall than vllocl
nqrtjdprdi is a shark, kbdjevajpw is a lobster, so kbdjevajpw is not more likely to be in a pool hall than nqrtjdprdi
zxmv is a shark, yqzyefnicbz is a lobster, so yqzyefnicbz is not more likely to be in a pool hall than zxmv
iqtmyklpyqns is a horse, vyrxamva is a spider, so iqtmyklpyqns is more likely to jump a fence than vyrxamva
mzsabvpv is a horse, umxgoomo is a spider, so mzsabvpv is more likely to jump a fence than umxgoomo
znnjbptm is a horse, bmtvvboetqcg is a spider, so znnjbptm is more likely to jump a fence than bmtvvboetqcg
bvwd is a horse, scerhonyxzb is a spider, so bvwd is more likely to jump a fence than scerhonyxzb
qrbel is a horse, ydrpvgrghsbi is a spider, so qrbel is more likely to jump a fence than ydrpvgrghsbi
iqtmyklpyqns is a horse, vyrxamva is a spider, so vyrxamva is less likely to jump a fence than iqtmyklpyqns
mzsabvpv is a horse, umxgoomo is a spider, so umxgoomo is less likely to jump a fence than mzsabvpv
znnjbptm is a horse, bmtvvboetqcg is a spider, so bmtvvboetqcg is less likely to jump a fence than znnjbptm
bvwd is a horse, scerhonyxzb is a spider, so scerhonyxzb is less likely to jump a fence than bvwd
qrbel is a horse, ydrpvgrghsbi is a spider, so ydrpvgrghsbi is less likely to jump a fence than qrbel
rszaylly is a horse, ohzkju is a spider, so rszaylly is not less likely to jump a fence than ohzkju
qxnpcveirn is a horse, ljestdfvsw is a spider, so qxnpcveirn is not less likely to jump a fence than ljestdfvsw
cqughjs is a horse, zdadofvfetsg is a spider, so cqughjs is not less likely to jump a fence than zdadofvfetsg
ngcx is a horse, vobltog is a spider, so ngcx is not less likely to jump a fence than vobltog
mmpnhrjm is a horse, bjdlwagvpi is a spider, so mmpnhrjm is not less likely to jump a fence than bjdlwagvpi
ohzkju is a horse, rszaylly is a spider, so rszaylly is not more likely to jump a fence than ohzkju
ljestdfvsw is a horse, qxnpcveirn is a spider, so qxnpcveirn is not more likely to jump a fence than ljestdfvsw
zdadofvfetsg is a horse, cqughjs is a spider, so cqughjs is not more likely to jump a fence than zdadofvfetsg
vobltog is a horse, ngcx is a spider, so ngcx is not more likely to jump a fence than vobltog
bjdlwagvpi is a horse, mmpnhrjm is a spider, so mmpnhrjm is not more likely to jump a fence than bjdlwagvpi
yrnm is a shark, tmlfnr is a sheep, so yrnm is more likely to be in saltwater than tmlfnr
dmbczadnx is a shark, pelvj is a sheep, so dmbczadnx is more likely to be in saltwater than pelvj
zdj is a shark, kpajh is a sheep, so zdj is more likely to be in saltwater than kpajh
msciaxqargwq is a shark, czjleapmi is a sheep, so msciaxqargwq is more likely to be in saltwater than czjleapmi
wqzybbc is a shark, ajckkh is a sheep, so wqzybbc is more likely to be in saltwater than ajckkh
yrnm is a shark, tmlfnr is a sheep, so tmlfnr is less likely to be in saltwater than yrnm
dmbczadnx is a shark, pelvj is a sheep, so pelvj is less likely to be in saltwater than dmbczadnx
zdj is a shark, kpajh is a sheep, so kpajh is less likely to be in saltwater than zdj
msciaxqargwq is a shark, czjleapmi is a sheep, so czjleapmi is less likely to be in saltwater than msciaxqargwq
wqzybbc is a shark, ajckkh is a sheep, so ajckkh is less likely to be in saltwater than wqzybbc
ozbmgerrnud is a shark, vadyn is a sheep, so ozbmgerrnud is not less likely to be in saltwater than vadyn
otphzev is a shark, tokok is a sheep, so otphzev is not less likely to be in saltwater than tokok
dvkg is a shark, gmxl is a sheep, so dvkg is not less likely to be in saltwater than gmxl
wrldsmt is a shark, cpajqe is a sheep, so wrldsmt is not less likely to be in saltwater than cpajqe
nmzw is a shark, lwjehp is a sheep, so nmzw is not less likely to be in saltwater than lwjehp
vadyn is a shark, ozbmgerrnud is a sheep, so ozbmgerrnud is not more likely to be in saltwater than vadyn
tokok is a shark, otphzev is a sheep, so otphzev is not more likely to be in saltwater than tokok
gmxl is a shark, dvkg is a sheep, so dvkg is not more likely to be in saltwater than gmxl
cpajqe is a shark, wrldsmt is a sheep, so wrldsmt is not more likely to be in saltwater than cpajqe
lwjehp is a shark, nmzw is a sheep, so nmzw is not more likely to be in saltwater than lwjehp
queefxf is a spider, ivaffpttcc is a hippopotamus, so queefxf is more likely to kill a fly than ivaffpttcc
zfcvlpbbvu is a spider, eufbe is a hippopotamus, so zfcvlpbbvu is more likely to kill a fly than eufbe
ihwu is a spider, fckgqwuodqi is a hippopotamus, so ihwu is more likely to kill a fly than fckgqwuodqi
vsgcjtym is a spider, tsbewzhvjeok is a hippopotamus, so vsgcjtym is more likely to kill a fly than tsbewzhvjeok
jhgtmnfbmtdf is a spider, fnxezfuzt is a hippopotamus, so jhgtmnfbmtdf is more likely to kill a fly than fnxezfuzt
queefxf is a spider, ivaffpttcc is a hippopotamus, so ivaffpttcc is less likely to kill a fly than queefxf
zfcvlpbbvu is a spider, eufbe is a hippopotamus, so eufbe is less likely to kill a fly than zfcvlpbbvu
ihwu is a spider, fckgqwuodqi is a hippopotamus, so fckgqwuodqi is less likely to kill a fly than ihwu
vsgcjtym is a spider, tsbewzhvjeok is a hippopotamus, so tsbewzhvjeok is less likely to kill a fly than vsgcjtym
jhgtmnfbmtdf is a spider, fnxezfuzt is a hippopotamus, so fnxezfuzt is less likely to kill a fly than jhgtmnfbmtdf
cdris is a spider, ruxgrbbqxx is a hippopotamus, so cdris is not less likely to kill a fly than ruxgrbbqxx
tbhzmb is a spider, emuwv is a hippopotamus, so tbhzmb is not less likely to kill a fly than emuwv
yopkhgwfljuc is a spider, nsgrjhx is a hippopotamus, so yopkhgwfljuc is not less likely to kill a fly than nsgrjhx
jdhibjmb is a spider, gnnlaxdejsy is a hippopotamus, so jdhibjmb is not less likely to kill a fly than gnnlaxdejsy
komjpoht is a spider, pccvpxskvq is a hippopotamus, so komjpoht is not less likely to kill a fly than pccvpxskvq
ruxgrbbqxx is a spider, cdris is a hippopotamus, so cdris is not more likely to kill a fly than ruxgrbbqxx
emuwv is a spider, tbhzmb is a hippopotamus, so tbhzmb is not more likely to kill a fly than emuwv
nsgrjhx is a spider, yopkhgwfljuc is a hippopotamus, so yopkhgwfljuc is not more likely to kill a fly than nsgrjhx
gnnlaxdejsy is a spider, jdhibjmb is a hippopotamus, so jdhibjmb is not more likely to kill a fly than gnnlaxdejsy
pccvpxskvq is a spider, komjpoht is a hippopotamus, so komjpoht is not more likely to kill a fly than pccvpxskvq
zoqkvspaavb is a frog, opgvtx is a crocodile, so zoqkvspaavb is more likely to be a pet than opgvtx
ezgbrahkwuqy is a frog, xeitskivwt is a crocodile, so ezgbrahkwuqy is more likely to be a pet than xeitskivwt
unxargzgkrad is a frog, myxpfeenfbi is a crocodile, so unxargzgkrad is more likely to be a pet than myxpfeenfbi
wytvulqeomi is a frog, wuiag is a crocodile, so wytvulqeomi is more likely to be a pet than wuiag
xwsi is a frog, gldvykenxu is a crocodile, so xwsi is more likely to be a pet than gldvykenxu
zoqkvspaavb is a frog, opgvtx is a crocodile, so opgvtx is less likely to be a pet than zoqkvspaavb
ezgbrahkwuqy is a frog, xeitskivwt is a crocodile, so xeitskivwt is less likely to be a pet than ezgbrahkwuqy
unxargzgkrad is a frog, myxpfeenfbi is a crocodile, so myxpfeenfbi is less likely to be a pet than unxargzgkrad
wytvulqeomi is a frog, wuiag is a crocodile, so wuiag is less likely to be a pet than wytvulqeomi
xwsi is a frog, gldvykenxu is a crocodile, so gldvykenxu is less likely to be a pet than xwsi
okw is a frog, dvc is a crocodile, so okw is not less likely to be a pet than dvc
yjcb is a frog, mthhx is a crocodile, so yjcb is not less likely to be a pet than mthhx
uoqo is a frog, yfcxdvvbzor is a crocodile, so uoqo is not less likely to be a pet than yfcxdvvbzor
dhpcnhw is a frog, kpdfbq is a crocodile, so dhpcnhw is not less likely to be a pet than kpdfbq
kuuytviwhn is a frog, subhsrtuvbyu is a crocodile, so kuuytviwhn is not less likely to be a pet than subhsrtuvbyu
dvc is a frog, okw is a crocodile, so okw is not more likely to be a pet than dvc
mthhx is a frog, yjcb is a crocodile, so yjcb is not more likely to be a pet than mthhx
yfcxdvvbzor is a frog, uoqo is a crocodile, so uoqo is not more likely to be a pet than yfcxdvvbzor
kpdfbq is a frog, dhpcnhw is a crocodile, so dhpcnhw is not more likely to be a pet than kpdfbq
subhsrtuvbyu is a frog, kuuytviwhn is a crocodile, so kuuytviwhn is not more likely to be a pet than subhsrtuvbyu
vdwdzxwj is a fish, pqnvgvg is a goat, so vdwdzxwj is more likely to be in a pond than pqnvgvg
pjxfmecdweyf is a fish, kfw is a goat, so pjxfmecdweyf is more likely to be in a pond than kfw
rhqu is a fish, fwdl is a goat, so rhqu is more likely to be in a pond than fwdl
nkcej is a fish, jgq is a goat, so nkcej is more likely to be in a pond than jgq
vcoqtcoot is a fish, hvdco is a goat, so vcoqtcoot is more likely to be in a pond than hvdco
vdwdzxwj is a fish, pqnvgvg is a goat, so pqnvgvg is less likely to be in a pond than vdwdzxwj
pjxfmecdweyf is a fish, kfw is a goat, so kfw is less likely to be in a pond than pjxfmecdweyf
rhqu is a fish, fwdl is a goat, so fwdl is less likely to be in a pond than rhqu
nkcej is a fish, jgq is a goat, so jgq is less likely to be in a pond than nkcej
vcoqtcoot is a fish, hvdco is a goat, so hvdco is less likely to be in a pond than vcoqtcoot
zjbyhxpbqs is a fish, xno is a goat, so zjbyhxpbqs is not less likely to be in a pond than xno
bahg is a fish, gqrlvfw is a goat, so bahg is not less likely to be in a pond than gqrlvfw
qdlkippkxcqh is a fish, lvqlq is a goat, so qdlkippkxcqh is not less likely to be in a pond than lvqlq
pwbrngfmwdb is a fish, xomclwox is a goat, so pwbrngfmwdb is not less likely to be in a pond than xomclwox
iykc is a fish, bdazhwir is a goat, so iykc is not less likely to be in a pond than bdazhwir
xno is a fish, zjbyhxpbqs is a goat, so zjbyhxpbqs is not more likely to be in a pond than xno
gqrlvfw is a fish, bahg is a goat, so bahg is not more likely to be in a pond than gqrlvfw
lvqlq is a fish, qdlkippkxcqh is a goat, so qdlkippkxcqh is not more likely to be in a pond than lvqlq
xomclwox is a fish, pwbrngfmwdb is a goat, so pwbrngfmwdb is not more likely to be in a pond than xomclwox
bdazhwir is a fish, iykc is a goat, so iykc is not more likely to be in a pond than bdazhwir
xycc is a bird, byd is a hamster, so xycc is more likely to head south than byd
hhc is a bird, gfbwrpbqjc is a hamster, so hhc is more likely to head south than gfbwrpbqjc
kkhx is a bird, vtahxqhe is a hamster, so kkhx is more likely to head south than vtahxqhe
ndvpynsfat is a bird, cehw is a hamster, so ndvpynsfat is more likely to head south than cehw
auwyifs is a bird, lsmyncujael is a hamster, so auwyifs is more likely to head south than lsmyncujael
xycc is a bird, byd is a hamster, so byd is less likely to head south than xycc
hhc is a bird, gfbwrpbqjc is a hamster, so gfbwrpbqjc is less likely to head south than hhc
kkhx is a bird, vtahxqhe is a hamster, so vtahxqhe is less likely to head south than kkhx
ndvpynsfat is a bird, cehw is a hamster, so cehw is less likely to head south than ndvpynsfat
auwyifs is a bird, lsmyncujael is a hamster, so lsmyncujael is less likely to head south than auwyifs
tvzsil is a bird, icgh is a hamster, so tvzsil is not less likely to head south than icgh
pzvj is a bird, vegxosuqcqaf is a hamster, so pzvj is not less likely to head south than vegxosuqcqaf
cflfzq is a bird, tfxrvich is a hamster, so cflfzq is not less likely to head south than tfxrvich
ittlfc is a bird, alhyds is a hamster, so ittlfc is not less likely to head south than alhyds
unxyxrk is a bird, kpsqsy is a hamster, so unxyxrk is not less likely to head south than kpsqsy
icgh is a bird, tvzsil is a hamster, so tvzsil is not less likely to head south than icgh
vegxosuqcqaf is a bird, pzvj is a hamster, so pzvj is not less likely to head south than vegxosuqcqaf
tfxrvich is a bird, cflfzq is a hamster, so cflfzq is not less likely to head south than tfxrvich
alhyds is a bird, ittlfc is a hamster, so ittlfc is not less likely to head south than alhyds
kpsqsy is a bird, unxyxrk is a hamster, so unxyxrk is not less likely to head south than kpsqsy
jljw is a horse, prsootwlnkme is a cheetah, so jljw is less likely to be in a stall than prsootwlnkme
ldmsql is a horse, zeritzsy is a cheetah, so ldmsql is less likely to be in a stall than zeritzsy
ywhybfm is a horse, gnmehmdte is a cheetah, so ywhybfm is less likely to be in a stall than gnmehmdte
yvq is a horse, gzscxua is a cheetah, so yvq is less likely to be in a stall than gzscxua
ohqticq is a horse, sxfpimerud is a cheetah, so ohqticq is less likely to be in a stall than sxfpimerud
jljw is a horse, prsootwlnkme is a cheetah, so prsootwlnkme is less likely to be in a stall than jljw
ldmsql is a horse, zeritzsy is a cheetah, so zeritzsy is less likely to be in a stall than ldmsql
ywhybfm is a horse, gnmehmdte is a cheetah, so gnmehmdte is less likely to be in a stall than ywhybfm
yvq is a horse, gzscxua is a cheetah, so gzscxua is less likely to be in a stall than yvq
ohqticq is a horse, sxfpimerud is a cheetah, so sxfpimerud is less likely to be in a stall than ohqticq
sfu is a horse, inqjfvncg is a cheetah, so sfu is not less likely to be in a stall than inqjfvncg
jzkbrpfbns is a horse, jtb is a cheetah, so jzkbrpfbns is not less likely to be in a stall than jtb
cqe is a horse, wpbwmensh is a cheetah, so cqe is not less likely to be in a stall than wpbwmensh
ker is a horse, ldhuaxowvcc is a cheetah, so ker is not less likely to be in a stall than ldhuaxowvcc
gzrg is a horse, levprs is a cheetah, so gzrg is not less likely to be in a stall than levprs
inqjfvncg is a horse, sfu is a cheetah, so sfu is not more likely to be in a stall than inqjfvncg
jtb is a horse, jzkbrpfbns is a cheetah, so jzkbrpfbns is not more likely to be in a stall than jtb
wpbwmensh is a horse, cqe is a cheetah, so cqe is not more likely to be in a stall than wpbwmensh
ldhuaxowvcc is a horse, ker is a cheetah, so ker is not more likely to be in a stall than ldhuaxowvcc
levprs is a horse, gzrg is a cheetah, so gzrg is not more likely to be in a stall than levprs
iczlt is a lobster, ezbijj is a cat, so iczlt is more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than ezbijj
vpoq is a lobster, kit is a cat, so vpoq is more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than kit
ysdxjz is a lobster, gtecdemfcq is a cat, so ysdxjz is more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than gtecdemfcq
ygdbsjdqklak is a lobster, zcr is a cat, so ygdbsjdqklak is more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than zcr
rhxsywibti is a lobster, coxdflrfy is a cat, so rhxsywibti is more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than coxdflrfy
iczlt is a lobster, ezbijj is a cat, so ezbijj is less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than iczlt
vpoq is a lobster, kit is a cat, so kit is less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than vpoq
ysdxjz is a lobster, gtecdemfcq is a cat, so gtecdemfcq is less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than ysdxjz
ygdbsjdqklak is a lobster, zcr is a cat, so zcr is less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than ygdbsjdqklak
rhxsywibti is a lobster, coxdflrfy is a cat, so coxdflrfy is less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than rhxsywibti
lyjf is a lobster, ybiblz is a cat, so lyjf is not less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than ybiblz
tgzlhbhyvma is a lobster, nvervbjeas is a cat, so tgzlhbhyvma is not less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than nvervbjeas
eewn is a lobster, sdpa is a cat, so eewn is not less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than sdpa
pgva is a lobster, fosnteqte is a cat, so pgva is not less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than fosnteqte
vqccrjkjumq is a lobster, sujhoaobhojr is a cat, so vqccrjkjumq is not less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than sujhoaobhojr
ybiblz is a lobster, lyjf is a cat, so lyjf is not more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than ybiblz
nvervbjeas is a lobster, tgzlhbhyvma is a cat, so tgzlhbhyvma is not more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than nvervbjeas
sdpa is a lobster, eewn is a cat, so eewn is not more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than sdpa
fosnteqte is a lobster, pgva is a cat, so pgva is not more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than fosnteqte
sujhoaobhojr is a lobster, vqccrjkjumq is a cat, so vqccrjkjumq is not more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than sujhoaobhojr
ivr is a bear, nzy is a chimpanzee, so ivr is more likely to eat a salmon than nzy
kcedotzua is a bear, lkvosmpcwlb is a chimpanzee, so kcedotzua is more likely to eat a salmon than lkvosmpcwlb
otbtogtmvr is a bear, efk is a chimpanzee, so otbtogtmvr is more likely to eat a salmon than efk
mutehwvg is a bear, irrsepxyswmf is a chimpanzee, so mutehwvg is more likely to eat a salmon than irrsepxyswmf
csgny is a bear, xbsenibdfd is a chimpanzee, so csgny is more likely to eat a salmon than xbsenibdfd
ivr is a bear, nzy is a chimpanzee, so nzy is less likely to eat a salmon than ivr
kcedotzua is a bear, lkvosmpcwlb is a chimpanzee, so lkvosmpcwlb is less likely to eat a salmon than kcedotzua
otbtogtmvr is a bear, efk is a chimpanzee, so efk is less likely to eat a salmon than otbtogtmvr
mutehwvg is a bear, irrsepxyswmf is a chimpanzee, so irrsepxyswmf is less likely to eat a salmon than mutehwvg
csgny is a bear, xbsenibdfd is a chimpanzee, so xbsenibdfd is less likely to eat a salmon than csgny
yahhgvolc is a bear, abmnrqnr is a chimpanzee, so yahhgvolc is not less likely to eat a salmon than abmnrqnr
hhfk is a bear, ocriixsnwn is a chimpanzee, so hhfk is not less likely to eat a salmon than ocriixsnwn
iqxopsau is a bear, vhxba is a chimpanzee, so iqxopsau is not less likely to eat a salmon than vhxba
irebvu is a bear, xqvnr is a chimpanzee, so irebvu is not less likely to eat a salmon than xqvnr
wgidxfg is a bear, agbtzzfnhav is a chimpanzee, so wgidxfg is not less likely to eat a salmon than agbtzzfnhav
abmnrqnr is a bear, yahhgvolc is a chimpanzee, so yahhgvolc is not more likely to eat a salmon than abmnrqnr
ocriixsnwn is a bear, hhfk is a chimpanzee, so hhfk is not more likely to eat a salmon than ocriixsnwn
vhxba is a bear, iqxopsau is a chimpanzee, so iqxopsau is not more likely to eat a salmon than vhxba
xqvnr is a bear, irebvu is a chimpanzee, so irebvu is not more likely to eat a salmon than xqvnr
agbtzzfnhav is a bear, wgidxfg is a chimpanzee, so wgidxfg is not more likely to eat a salmon than agbtzzfnhav
kzsljtudjd is a lion, bfobk is a deer, so kzsljtudjd is less likely to father some cubs than bfobk
rwhogrv is a lion, oneghypnm is a deer, so rwhogrv is less likely to father some cubs than oneghypnm
ugguujy is a lion, tfkzonjegbc is a deer, so ugguujy is less likely to father some cubs than tfkzonjegbc
gbl is a lion, topdsbnp is a deer, so gbl is less likely to father some cubs than topdsbnp
druwu is a lion, cnprfr is a deer, so druwu is less likely to father some cubs than cnprfr
kzsljtudjd is a lion, bfobk is a deer, so bfobk is less likely to father some cubs than kzsljtudjd
rwhogrv is a lion, oneghypnm is a deer, so oneghypnm is less likely to father some cubs than rwhogrv
ugguujy is a lion, tfkzonjegbc is a deer, so tfkzonjegbc is less likely to father some cubs than ugguujy
gbl is a lion, topdsbnp is a deer, so topdsbnp is less likely to father some cubs than gbl
druwu is a lion, cnprfr is a deer, so cnprfr is less likely to father some cubs than druwu
jjd is a lion, jowvrwzuoss is a deer, so jjd is not less likely to father some cubs than jowvrwzuoss
zeiznrzxy is a lion, fjdbgwwsxq is a deer, so zeiznrzxy is not less likely to father some cubs than fjdbgwwsxq
tflzledgmu is a lion, gunqzgahjoyv is a deer, so tflzledgmu is not less likely to father some cubs than gunqzgahjoyv
wmqw is a lion, gddlqvtsbgmf is a deer, so wmqw is not less likely to father some cubs than gddlqvtsbgmf
bpyjjc is a lion, blbwdlemlyaz is a deer, so bpyjjc is not less likely to father some cubs than blbwdlemlyaz
jowvrwzuoss is a lion, jjd is a deer, so jjd is not more likely to father some cubs than jowvrwzuoss
fjdbgwwsxq is a lion, zeiznrzxy is a deer, so zeiznrzxy is not more likely to father some cubs than fjdbgwwsxq
gunqzgahjoyv is a lion, tflzledgmu is a deer, so tflzledgmu is not more likely to father some cubs than gunqzgahjoyv
gddlqvtsbgmf is a lion, wmqw is a deer, so wmqw is not more likely to father some cubs than gddlqvtsbgmf
blbwdlemlyaz is a lion, bpyjjc is a deer, so bpyjjc is not more likely to father some cubs than blbwdlemlyaz
jaspzsped is a frog, xlhhn is a sheep, so jaspzsped is more likely to jump very high than xlhhn
uweskttcldav is a frog, skqsmosimyzz is a sheep, so uweskttcldav is more likely to jump very high than skqsmosimyzz
axnqcnasjtd is a frog, ftxpybxejoi is a sheep, so axnqcnasjtd is more likely to jump very high than ftxpybxejoi
ziyhh is a frog, qbmornhhrsz is a sheep, so ziyhh is more likely to jump very high than qbmornhhrsz
dahijveznc is a frog, wqwamnh is a sheep, so dahijveznc is more likely to jump very high than wqwamnh
jaspzsped is a frog, xlhhn is a sheep, so xlhhn is more likely to jump very high than jaspzsped
uweskttcldav is a frog, skqsmosimyzz is a sheep, so skqsmosimyzz is more likely to jump very high than uweskttcldav
axnqcnasjtd is a frog, ftxpybxejoi is a sheep, so ftxpybxejoi is more likely to jump very high than axnqcnasjtd
ziyhh is a frog, qbmornhhrsz is a sheep, so qbmornhhrsz is more likely to jump very high than ziyhh
dahijveznc is a frog, wqwamnh is a sheep, so wqwamnh is more likely to jump very high than dahijveznc
vyjiqpk is a frog, krkvegr is a sheep, so vyjiqpk is not less likely to jump very high than krkvegr
kgwtjobplpuw is a frog, imggqb is a sheep, so kgwtjobplpuw is not less likely to jump very high than imggqb
vjcdiopepmt is a frog, iicmhxqdpav is a sheep, so vjcdiopepmt is not less likely to jump very high than iicmhxqdpav
cyuy is a frog, qtequjkrx is a sheep, so cyuy is not less likely to jump very high than qtequjkrx
mgsidkbiynpn is a frog, cmm is a sheep, so mgsidkbiynpn is not less likely to jump very high than cmm
krkvegr is a frog, vyjiqpk is a sheep, so vyjiqpk is not more likely to jump very high than krkvegr
imggqb is a frog, kgwtjobplpuw is a sheep, so kgwtjobplpuw is not more likely to jump very high than imggqb
iicmhxqdpav is a frog, vjcdiopepmt is a sheep, so vjcdiopepmt is not more likely to jump very high than iicmhxqdpav
qtequjkrx is a frog, cyuy is a sheep, so cyuy is not more likely to jump very high than qtequjkrx
cmm is a frog, mgsidkbiynpn is a sheep, so mgsidkbiynpn is not more likely to jump very high than cmm
yucprhhrciu is a cow, fgsygdux is a squirrel, so yucprhhrciu is more likely to be in the hamburger than fgsygdux
sqpezk is a cow, leaqhpbxadra is a squirrel, so sqpezk is more likely to be in the hamburger than leaqhpbxadra
wkgkhrgrye is a cow, ejrlch is a squirrel, so wkgkhrgrye is more likely to be in the hamburger than ejrlch
lymeuq is a cow, lkl is a squirrel, so lymeuq is more likely to be in the hamburger than lkl
ykvtm is a cow, pazjruervu is a squirrel, so ykvtm is more likely to be in the hamburger than pazjruervu
yucprhhrciu is a cow, fgsygdux is a squirrel, so fgsygdux is less likely to be in the hamburger than yucprhhrciu
sqpezk is a cow, leaqhpbxadra is a squirrel, so leaqhpbxadra is less likely to be in the hamburger than sqpezk
wkgkhrgrye is a cow, ejrlch is a squirrel, so ejrlch is less likely to be in the hamburger than wkgkhrgrye
lymeuq is a cow, lkl is a squirrel, so lkl is less likely to be in the hamburger than lymeuq
ykvtm is a cow, pazjruervu is a squirrel, so pazjruervu is less likely to be in the hamburger than ykvtm
qqbvkbwisno is a cow, aqxvyjeofka is a squirrel, so qqbvkbwisno is not less likely to be in the hamburger than aqxvyjeofka
xzq is a cow, kdvlkerzki is a squirrel, so xzq is not less likely to be in the hamburger than kdvlkerzki
rbm is a cow, ubepvn is a squirrel, so rbm is not less likely to be in the hamburger than ubepvn
vznzzg is a cow, bewm is a squirrel, so vznzzg is not less likely to be in the hamburger than bewm
ysmqo is a cow, llajzoa is a squirrel, so ysmqo is not less likely to be in the hamburger than llajzoa
aqxvyjeofka is a cow, qqbvkbwisno is a squirrel, so qqbvkbwisno is not more likely to be in the hamburger than aqxvyjeofka
kdvlkerzki is a cow, xzq is a squirrel, so xzq is not more likely to be in the hamburger than kdvlkerzki
ubepvn is a cow, rbm is a squirrel, so rbm is not more likely to be in the hamburger than ubepvn
bewm is a cow, vznzzg is a squirrel, so vznzzg is not more likely to be in the hamburger than bewm
llajzoa is a cow, ysmqo is a squirrel, so ysmqo is not more likely to be in the hamburger than llajzoa
cgkiswzlc is a kangaroo, wqajsjdnd is a ant, so cgkiswzlc is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than wqajsjdnd
lmlvd is a kangaroo, lfwhwbzhe is a ant, so lmlvd is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than lfwhwbzhe
swqijtpady is a kangaroo, mvof is a ant, so swqijtpady is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than mvof
vav is a kangaroo, gxzporuw is a ant, so vav is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than gxzporuw
offvr is a kangaroo, fxhcvwaludoz is a ant, so offvr is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than fxhcvwaludoz
cgkiswzlc is a kangaroo, wqajsjdnd is a ant, so wqajsjdnd is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than cgkiswzlc
lmlvd is a kangaroo, lfwhwbzhe is a ant, so lfwhwbzhe is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than lmlvd
swqijtpady is a kangaroo, mvof is a ant, so mvof is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than swqijtpady
vav is a kangaroo, gxzporuw is a ant, so gxzporuw is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than vav
offvr is a kangaroo, fxhcvwaludoz is a ant, so fxhcvwaludoz is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than offvr
vxjqbqkiovy is a kangaroo, ijxu is a ant, so vxjqbqkiovy is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ijxu
zanlrqpjinih is a kangaroo, pifmgpezkzq is a ant, so zanlrqpjinih is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than pifmgpezkzq
fjx is a kangaroo, lzgscheiuhmx is a ant, so fjx is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than lzgscheiuhmx
gxtwjxlzun is a kangaroo, gvkljd is a ant, so gxtwjxlzun is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than gvkljd
nfwdeoncgdkf is a kangaroo, txilodazat is a ant, so nfwdeoncgdkf is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than txilodazat
ijxu is a kangaroo, vxjqbqkiovy is a ant, so vxjqbqkiovy is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ijxu
pifmgpezkzq is a kangaroo, zanlrqpjinih is a ant, so zanlrqpjinih is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than pifmgpezkzq
lzgscheiuhmx is a kangaroo, fjx is a ant, so fjx is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than lzgscheiuhmx
gvkljd is a kangaroo, gxtwjxlzun is a ant, so gxtwjxlzun is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than gvkljd
txilodazat is a kangaroo, nfwdeoncgdkf is a ant, so nfwdeoncgdkf is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than txilodazat
cgubcgfxv is a octopus, mdpmo is a sheep, so cgubcgfxv is more likely to be in water than mdpmo
opwvzvjylvb is a octopus, vsoymb is a sheep, so opwvzvjylvb is more likely to be in water than vsoymb
qqsz is a octopus, ndesrhbomoi is a sheep, so qqsz is more likely to be in water than ndesrhbomoi
cdimovayyb is a octopus, ynkw is a sheep, so cdimovayyb is more likely to be in water than ynkw
cfutatpwktt is a octopus, xxcwdfecbun is a sheep, so cfutatpwktt is more likely to be in water than xxcwdfecbun
cgubcgfxv is a octopus, mdpmo is a sheep, so mdpmo is less likely to be in water than cgubcgfxv
opwvzvjylvb is a octopus, vsoymb is a sheep, so vsoymb is less likely to be in water than opwvzvjylvb
qqsz is a octopus, ndesrhbomoi is a sheep, so ndesrhbomoi is less likely to be in water than qqsz
cdimovayyb is a octopus, ynkw is a sheep, so ynkw is less likely to be in water than cdimovayyb
cfutatpwktt is a octopus, xxcwdfecbun is a sheep, so xxcwdfecbun is less likely to be in water than cfutatpwktt
hhqbykqll is a octopus, qdfbjmjs is a sheep, so hhqbykqll is not less likely to be in water than qdfbjmjs
czzatgsa is a octopus, bqvprqhlp is a sheep, so czzatgsa is not less likely to be in water than bqvprqhlp
biykty is a octopus, rewljjmggvnb is a sheep, so biykty is not less likely to be in water than rewljjmggvnb
eaxmm is a octopus, eoaj is a sheep, so eaxmm is not less likely to be in water than eoaj
klc is a octopus, vpagkri is a sheep, so klc is not less likely to be in water than vpagkri
qdfbjmjs is a octopus, hhqbykqll is a sheep, so hhqbykqll is not more likely to be in water than qdfbjmjs
bqvprqhlp is a octopus, czzatgsa is a sheep, so czzatgsa is not more likely to be in water than bqvprqhlp
rewljjmggvnb is a octopus, biykty is a sheep, so biykty is not more likely to be in water than rewljjmggvnb
eoaj is a octopus, eaxmm is a sheep, so eaxmm is not more likely to be in water than eoaj
vpagkri is a octopus, klc is a sheep, so klc is not more likely to be in water than vpagkri
iuuncae is a bird, mjbgyubzjhk is a fox, so iuuncae is more likely to be in the air than mjbgyubzjhk
toud is a bird, omra is a fox, so toud is more likely to be in the air than omra
mdutpkxy is a bird, prjfkfgnarb is a fox, so mdutpkxy is more likely to be in the air than prjfkfgnarb
khmtvzakvj is a bird, fbnpwfdwkpru is a fox, so khmtvzakvj is more likely to be in the air than fbnpwfdwkpru
rutzvzwkom is a bird, bxa is a fox, so rutzvzwkom is more likely to be in the air than bxa
iuuncae is a bird, mjbgyubzjhk is a fox, so mjbgyubzjhk is less likely to be in the air than iuuncae
toud is a bird, omra is a fox, so omra is less likely to be in the air than toud
mdutpkxy is a bird, prjfkfgnarb is a fox, so prjfkfgnarb is less likely to be in the air than mdutpkxy
khmtvzakvj is a bird, fbnpwfdwkpru is a fox, so fbnpwfdwkpru is less likely to be in the air than khmtvzakvj
rutzvzwkom is a bird, bxa is a fox, so bxa is less likely to be in the air than rutzvzwkom
hhjukhlpswh is a bird, hyes is a fox, so hhjukhlpswh is not less likely to be in the air than hyes
veygnw is a bird, frdntstn is a fox, so veygnw is not less likely to be in the air than frdntstn
ermj is a bird, wkibl is a fox, so ermj is not less likely to be in the air than wkibl
ddyjozculq is a bird, togkr is a fox, so ddyjozculq is not less likely to be in the air than togkr
frpkqin is a bird, pcccmlqdipd is a fox, so frpkqin is not less likely to be in the air than pcccmlqdipd
hyes is a bird, hhjukhlpswh is a fox, so hhjukhlpswh is not more likely to be in the air than hyes
frdntstn is a bird, veygnw is a fox, so veygnw is not more likely to be in the air than frdntstn
wkibl is a bird, ermj is a fox, so ermj is not more likely to be in the air than wkibl
togkr is a bird, ddyjozculq is a fox, so ddyjozculq is not more likely to be in the air than togkr
pcccmlqdipd is a bird, frpkqin is a fox, so frpkqin is not more likely to be in the air than pcccmlqdipd
nvxp is a owl, rjrqsos is a dog, so nvxp is more likely to hear the slightest rustle than rjrqsos
fekdgz is a owl, jzfrifwoimlh is a dog, so fekdgz is more likely to hear the slightest rustle than jzfrifwoimlh
iklnxdmhahzy is a owl, jziza is a dog, so iklnxdmhahzy is more likely to hear the slightest rustle than jziza
xiulszzxmt is a owl, yelpwomozkf is a dog, so xiulszzxmt is more likely to hear the slightest rustle than yelpwomozkf
lpefo is a owl, zjiwdpybcepc is a dog, so lpefo is more likely to hear the slightest rustle than zjiwdpybcepc
nvxp is a owl, rjrqsos is a dog, so rjrqsos is less likely to hear the slightest rustle than nvxp
fekdgz is a owl, jzfrifwoimlh is a dog, so jzfrifwoimlh is less likely to hear the slightest rustle than fekdgz
iklnxdmhahzy is a owl, jziza is a dog, so jziza is less likely to hear the slightest rustle than iklnxdmhahzy
xiulszzxmt is a owl, yelpwomozkf is a dog, so yelpwomozkf is less likely to hear the slightest rustle than xiulszzxmt
lpefo is a owl, zjiwdpybcepc is a dog, so zjiwdpybcepc is less likely to hear the slightest rustle than lpefo
fuemdxgwctxm is a owl, yrfyxmgf is a dog, so fuemdxgwctxm is not less likely to hear the slightest rustle than yrfyxmgf
jjlvqhqqira is a owl, sowcrbd is a dog, so jjlvqhqqira is not less likely to hear the slightest rustle than sowcrbd
ettb is a owl, wseuyzm is a dog, so ettb is not less likely to hear the slightest rustle than wseuyzm
eduucvimraj is a owl, nfohmn is a dog, so eduucvimraj is not less likely to hear the slightest rustle than nfohmn
oaxrneqawx is a owl, mdnel is a dog, so oaxrneqawx is not less likely to hear the slightest rustle than mdnel
yrfyxmgf is a owl, fuemdxgwctxm is a dog, so fuemdxgwctxm is not more likely to hear the slightest rustle than yrfyxmgf
sowcrbd is a owl, jjlvqhqqira is a dog, so jjlvqhqqira is not more likely to hear the slightest rustle than sowcrbd
wseuyzm is a owl, ettb is a dog, so ettb is not more likely to hear the slightest rustle than wseuyzm
nfohmn is a owl, eduucvimraj is a dog, so eduucvimraj is not more likely to hear the slightest rustle than nfohmn
mdnel is a owl, oaxrneqawx is a dog, so oaxrneqawx is not more likely to hear the slightest rustle than mdnel
yqhob is a hamster, weip is a ant, so yqhob is more likely to spin on a wheel than weip
mtwbse is a hamster, mpqhejjyxa is a ant, so mtwbse is more likely to spin on a wheel than mpqhejjyxa
vgqpneiz is a hamster, xdqwpb is a ant, so vgqpneiz is more likely to spin on a wheel than xdqwpb
raglla is a hamster, pqpcefyqfeo is a ant, so raglla is more likely to spin on a wheel than pqpcefyqfeo
ivsujtklguwf is a hamster, iqp is a ant, so ivsujtklguwf is more likely to spin on a wheel than iqp
yqhob is a hamster, weip is a ant, so weip is less likely to spin on a wheel than yqhob
mtwbse is a hamster, mpqhejjyxa is a ant, so mpqhejjyxa is less likely to spin on a wheel than mtwbse
vgqpneiz is a hamster, xdqwpb is a ant, so xdqwpb is less likely to spin on a wheel than vgqpneiz
raglla is a hamster, pqpcefyqfeo is a ant, so pqpcefyqfeo is less likely to spin on a wheel than raglla
ivsujtklguwf is a hamster, iqp is a ant, so iqp is less likely to spin on a wheel than ivsujtklguwf
wkrnpmvwjdot is a hamster, kltfdrbib is an ant, so wkrnpmvwjdot is not less likely to spin on a wheel than kltfdrbib
dzm is a hamster, strg is an ant, so dzm is not less likely to spin on a wheel than strg
zuhlb is a hamster, hnn is an ant, so zuhlb is not less likely to spin on a wheel than hnn
xtnhxwdfjx is a hamster, rcsn is an ant, so xtnhxwdfjx is not less likely to spin on a wheel than rcsn
faxvwwm is a hamster, xipkb is an ant, so faxvwwm is not less likely to spin on a wheel than xipkb
kltfdrbib is a hamster, wkrnpmvwjdot is an ant, so wkrnpmvwjdot is not more likely to spin on a wheel than kltfdrbib
strg is a hamster, dzm is an ant, so dzm is not more likely to spin on a wheel than strg
hnn is a hamster, zuhlb is an ant, so zuhlb is not more likely to spin on a wheel than hnn
rcsn is a hamster, xtnhxwdfjx is an ant, so xtnhxwdfjx is not more likely to spin on a wheel than rcsn
xipkb is a hamster, faxvwwm is an ant, so faxvwwm is not more likely to spin on a wheel than xipkb
bhbx is a chicken, otnjkq is a duck, so bhbx is more likely to be food than otnjkq
jrngexc is a chicken, lgmfhktadypj is a duck, so jrngexc is more likely to be food than lgmfhktadypj
ijfngesfb is a chicken, dktejphgufit is a duck, so ijfngesfb is more likely to be food than dktejphgufit
gmxfcqpadnh is a chicken, nnj is a duck, so gmxfcqpadnh is more likely to be food than nnj
aan is a chicken, ofibuvndvt is a duck, so aan is more likely to be food than ofibuvndvt
bhbx is a chicken, otnjkq is a duck, so otnjkq is less likely to be food than bhbx
jrngexc is a chicken, lgmfhktadypj is a duck, so lgmfhktadypj is less likely to be food than jrngexc
ijfngesfb is a chicken, dktejphgufit is a duck, so dktejphgufit is less likely to be food than ijfngesfb
gmxfcqpadnh is a chicken, nnj is a duck, so nnj is less likely to be food than gmxfcqpadnh
aan is a chicken, ofibuvndvt is a duck, so ofibuvndvt is less likely to be food than aan
ljnare is a chicken, vhpf is a duck, so ljnare is not more food than vhpf
wdpmyqu is a chicken, tnyaw is a duck, so wdpmyqu is not more food than tnyaw
rdqejygsuagg is a chicken, jdhcdkomloj is a duck, so rdqejygsuagg is not more food than jdhcdkomloj
qaemc is a chicken, ksnyndtd is a duck, so qaemc is not more food than ksnyndtd
ieqr is a chicken, cramqbja is a duck, so ieqr is not more food than cramqbja
vhpf is a chicken, ljnare is a duck, so ljnare is not more likely to be food than vhpf
tnyaw is a chicken, wdpmyqu is a duck, so wdpmyqu is not more likely to be food than tnyaw
jdhcdkomloj is a chicken, rdqejygsuagg is a duck, so rdqejygsuagg is not more likely to be food than jdhcdkomloj
ksnyndtd is a chicken, qaemc is a duck, so qaemc is not more likely to be food than ksnyndtd
cramqbja is a chicken, ieqr is a duck, so ieqr is not more likely to be food than cramqbja
wboris is a bird, aigstizkhdvy is a shark, so wboris is more likely to be a pet than aigstizkhdvy
ytkek is a bird, dbpntxjwbc is a shark, so ytkek is more likely to be a pet than dbpntxjwbc
vwcchcaane is a bird, gjpfjt is a shark, so vwcchcaane is more likely to be a pet than gjpfjt
zkfcoyzuxv is a bird, clueeutdyyx is a shark, so zkfcoyzuxv is more likely to be a pet than clueeutdyyx
qklztcg is a bird, scvlqp is a shark, so qklztcg is more likely to be a pet than scvlqp
wboris is a bird, aigstizkhdvy is a shark, so aigstizkhdvy is less likely to be a pet than wboris
ytkek is a bird, dbpntxjwbc is a shark, so dbpntxjwbc is less likely to be a pet than ytkek
vwcchcaane is a bird, gjpfjt is a shark, so gjpfjt is less likely to be a pet than vwcchcaane
zkfcoyzuxv is a bird, clueeutdyyx is a shark, so clueeutdyyx is less likely to be a pet than zkfcoyzuxv
qklztcg is a bird, scvlqp is a shark, so scvlqp is less likely to be a pet than qklztcg
usibh is a bird, tshhfruthnj is a shark, so usibh is not less likely to be a pet than tshhfruthnj
pybbxyme is a bird, ojeyemt is a shark, so pybbxyme is not less likely to be a pet than ojeyemt
krpeqakibr is a bird, luloba is a shark, so krpeqakibr is not less likely to be a pet than luloba
pxul is a bird, tcdsrfz is a shark, so pxul is not less likely to be a pet than tcdsrfz
goop is a bird, kyqze is a shark, so goop is not less likely to be a pet than kyqze
tshhfruthnj is a bird, usibh is a shark, so usibh is not more likely to be a pet than tshhfruthnj
ojeyemt is a bird, pybbxyme is a shark, so pybbxyme is not more likely to be a pet than ojeyemt
luloba is a bird, krpeqakibr is a shark, so krpeqakibr is not more likely to be a pet than luloba
tcdsrfz is a bird, pxul is a shark, so pxul is not more likely to be a pet than tcdsrfz
kyqze is a bird, goop is a shark, so goop is not more likely to be a pet than kyqze
lec is a giraffe, agshy is a eagle, so lec is more likely to be in a zoo than agshy
twoakfiqgko is a giraffe, hyjecotpumd is a eagle, so twoakfiqgko is more likely to be in a zoo than hyjecotpumd
pppkjaal is a giraffe, htexc is a eagle, so pppkjaal is more likely to be in a zoo than htexc
sljsvfayhjiw is a giraffe, cbdzhkxbgsds is a eagle, so sljsvfayhjiw is more likely to be in a zoo than cbdzhkxbgsds
sjizogx is a giraffe, donanpqbx is a eagle, so sjizogx is more likely to be in a zoo than donanpqbx
lec is a giraffe, agshy is a eagle, so agshy is less likely to be in a zoo than lec
twoakfiqgko is a giraffe, hyjecotpumd is a eagle, so hyjecotpumd is less likely to be in a zoo than twoakfiqgko
pppkjaal is a giraffe, htexc is a eagle, so htexc is less likely to be in a zoo than pppkjaal
sljsvfayhjiw is a giraffe, cbdzhkxbgsds is a eagle, so cbdzhkxbgsds is less likely to be in a zoo than sljsvfayhjiw
sjizogx is a giraffe, donanpqbx is a eagle, so donanpqbx is less likely to be in a zoo than sjizogx
ouhsnakp is a giraffe, jkatmsbhoixt is a eagle, so ouhsnakp is not less likely to be in a zoo than jkatmsbhoixt
wdnapcr is a giraffe, gyyz is a eagle, so wdnapcr is not less likely to be in a zoo than gyyz
xrofb is a giraffe, qkkdkzd is a eagle, so xrofb is not less likely to be in a zoo than qkkdkzd
bvnmv is a giraffe, pka is a eagle, so bvnmv is not less likely to be in a zoo than pka
hqvqxhlovs is a giraffe, cwccqyr is a eagle, so hqvqxhlovs is not less likely to be in a zoo than cwccqyr
jkatmsbhoixt is a giraffe, ouhsnakp is a eagle, so ouhsnakp is not more likely to be in a zoo than jkatmsbhoixt
gyyz is a giraffe, wdnapcr is a eagle, so wdnapcr is not more likely to be in a zoo than gyyz
qkkdkzd is a giraffe, xrofb is a eagle, so xrofb is not more likely to be in a zoo than qkkdkzd
pka is a giraffe, bvnmv is a eagle, so bvnmv is not more likely to be in a zoo than pka
cwccqyr is a giraffe, hqvqxhlovs is a eagle, so hqvqxhlovs is not more likely to be in a zoo than cwccqyr
corfsvn is a shark, nkok is a goat, so corfsvn is more likely to be in a pool hall than nkok
oqz is a shark, fhuds is a goat, so oqz is more likely to be in a pool hall than fhuds
cqgyj is a shark, twrqhreddhx is a goat, so cqgyj is more likely to be in a pool hall than twrqhreddhx
uxjiwha is a shark, wmotlkxaabc is a goat, so uxjiwha is more likely to be in a pool hall than wmotlkxaabc
zmqjuwigwu is a shark, wwplrmsrvrbr is a goat, so zmqjuwigwu is more likely to be in a pool hall than wwplrmsrvrbr
corfsvn is a shark, nkok is a goat, so nkok is less likely to be in a pool hall than corfsvn
oqz is a shark, fhuds is a goat, so fhuds is less likely to be in a pool hall than oqz
cqgyj is a shark, twrqhreddhx is a goat, so twrqhreddhx is less likely to be in a pool hall than cqgyj
uxjiwha is a shark, wmotlkxaabc is a goat, so wmotlkxaabc is less likely to be in a pool hall than uxjiwha
zmqjuwigwu is a shark, wwplrmsrvrbr is a goat, so wwplrmsrvrbr is less likely to be in a pool hall than zmqjuwigwu
tkoztnm is a shark, rvil is a goat, so tkoztnm is not less likely to be in a pool hall than rvil
yxilofhj is a shark, vyctf is a goat, so yxilofhj is not less likely to be in a pool hall than vyctf
jyotxttxbc is a shark, ins is a goat, so jyotxttxbc is not less likely to be in a pool hall than ins
qqtexzptaw is a shark, grzgvnczi is a goat, so qqtexzptaw is not less likely to be in a pool hall than grzgvnczi
reik is a shark, qqf is a goat, so reik is not less likely to be in a pool hall than qqf
rvil is a shark, tkoztnm is a goat, so tkoztnm is not more likely to be in a pool hall than rvil
vyctf is a shark, yxilofhj is a goat, so yxilofhj is not more likely to be in a pool hall than vyctf
ins is a shark, jyotxttxbc is a goat, so jyotxttxbc is not more likely to be in a pool hall than ins
grzgvnczi is a shark, qqtexzptaw is a goat, so qqtexzptaw is not more likely to be in a pool hall than grzgvnczi
qqf is a shark, reik is a goat, so reik is not more likely to be in a pool hall than qqf
kfczl is a fly, uyxhzazvkx is a fox, so kfczl is more likely to fly around than uyxhzazvkx
jpysnhspari is a fly, thk is a fox, so jpysnhspari is more likely to fly around than thk
srsvwqbjz is a fly, yogmfleccqv is a fox, so srsvwqbjz is more likely to fly around than yogmfleccqv
ekgv is a fly, fofjxqvq is a fox, so ekgv is more likely to fly around than fofjxqvq
sdjq is a fly, ajp is a fox, so sdjq is more likely to fly around than ajp
kfczl is a fly, uyxhzazvkx is a fox, so uyxhzazvkx is less likely to fly around than kfczl
jpysnhspari is a fly, thk is a fox, so thk is less likely to fly around than jpysnhspari
srsvwqbjz is a fly, yogmfleccqv is a fox, so yogmfleccqv is less likely to fly around than srsvwqbjz
ekgv is a fly, fofjxqvq is a fox, so fofjxqvq is less likely to fly around than ekgv
sdjq is a fly, ajp is a fox, so ajp is less likely to fly around than sdjq
fvxmgloo is a fly, pnpujfbkzbk is a fox, so fvxmgloo is not less likely to fly around than pnpujfbkzbk
upbkgnywwht is a fly, vfbda is a fox, so upbkgnywwht is not less likely to fly around than vfbda
dfr is a fly, maigkkjc is a fox, so dfr is not less likely to fly around than maigkkjc
mrvsavluwlbx is a fly, hlnbxqriwcha is a fox, so mrvsavluwlbx is not less likely to fly around than hlnbxqriwcha
bytdzvyp is a fly, dlhbudrcw is a fox, so bytdzvyp is not less likely to fly around than dlhbudrcw
pnpujfbkzbk is a fly, fvxmgloo is a fox, so fvxmgloo is not more likely to fly around than pnpujfbkzbk
vfbda is a fly, upbkgnywwht is a fox, so upbkgnywwht is not more likely to fly around than vfbda
maigkkjc is a fly, dfr is a fox, so dfr is not more likely to fly around than maigkkjc
hlnbxqriwcha is a fly, mrvsavluwlbx is a fox, so mrvsavluwlbx is not more likely to fly around than hlnbxqriwcha
dlhbudrcw is a fly, bytdzvyp is a fox, so bytdzvyp is not more likely to fly around than dlhbudrcw
khkjtdxh is a monkey, ysngrkvto is a hippopotamus, so khkjtdxh is more likely to use a tool than ysngrkvto
pgd is a monkey, ubwy is a hippopotamus, so pgd is more likely to use a tool than ubwy
pgucoeuc is a monkey, dnw is a hippopotamus, so pgucoeuc is more likely to use a tool than dnw
yvqmcjagp is a monkey, hyfsjf is a hippopotamus, so yvqmcjagp is more likely to use a tool than hyfsjf
aldxfblp is a monkey, nwxcd is a hippopotamus, so aldxfblp is more likely to use a tool than nwxcd
khkjtdxh is a monkey, ysngrkvto is a hippopotamus, so ysngrkvto is less likely to use a tool than khkjtdxh
pgd is a monkey, ubwy is a hippopotamus, so ubwy is less likely to use a tool than pgd
pgucoeuc is a monkey, dnw is a hippopotamus, so dnw is less likely to use a tool than pgucoeuc
yvqmcjagp is a monkey, hyfsjf is a hippopotamus, so hyfsjf is less likely to use a tool than yvqmcjagp
aldxfblp is a monkey, nwxcd is a hippopotamus, so nwxcd is less likely to use a tool than aldxfblp
gtglrmwcxvaz is a monkey, rxyanmpjvvmr is a hippopotamus, so gtglrmwcxvaz is not less likely to use a tool than rxyanmpjvvmr
lehcile is a monkey, hapwlukby is a hippopotamus, so lehcile is not less likely to use a tool than hapwlukby
etxj is a monkey, ygsjctgsvkr is a hippopotamus, so etxj is not less likely to use a tool than ygsjctgsvkr
mom is a monkey, behdditn is a hippopotamus, so mom is not less likely to use a tool than behdditn
araxo is a monkey, ngkcwscxd is a hippopotamus, so araxo is not less likely to use a tool than ngkcwscxd
rxyanmpjvvmr is a monkey, gtglrmwcxvaz is a hippopotamus, so gtglrmwcxvaz is not more likely to use a tool than rxyanmpjvvmr
hapwlukby is a monkey, lehcile is a hippopotamus, so lehcile is not more likely to use a tool than hapwlukby
ygsjctgsvkr is a monkey, etxj is a hippopotamus, so etxj is not more likely to use a tool than ygsjctgsvkr
behdditn is a monkey, mom is a hippopotamus, so mom is not more likely to use a tool than behdditn
ngkcwscxd is a monkey, araxo is a hippopotamus, so araxo is not more likely to use a tool than ngkcwscxd
eyuyvlzj is a frog, jkc is a fox, so eyuyvlzj is more likely to be a prince than jkc
xafsnm is a frog, kbohoqqmna is a fox, so xafsnm is more likely to be a prince than kbohoqqmna
xty is a frog, sehnrsck is a fox, so xty is more likely to be a prince than sehnrsck
ijeh is a frog, fzhhmxdudgs is a fox, so ijeh is more likely to be a prince than fzhhmxdudgs
vffmasvxbm is a frog, jgoewv is a fox, so vffmasvxbm is more likely to be a prince than jgoewv
eyuyvlzj is a frog, jkc is a fox, so jkc is less likely to wish to be a prince than eyuyvlzj
xafsnm is a frog, kbohoqqmna is a fox, so kbohoqqmna is less likely to wish to be a prince than xafsnm
xty is a frog, sehnrsck is a fox, so sehnrsck is less likely to wish to be a prince than xty
ijeh is a frog, fzhhmxdudgs is a fox, so fzhhmxdudgs is less likely to wish to be a prince than ijeh
vffmasvxbm is a frog, jgoewv is a fox, so jgoewv is less likely to wish to be a prince than vffmasvxbm
mef is a frog, jsmfxxbxbbo is a fox, so mef is not less likely to wish to be a prince than jsmfxxbxbbo
ggsocfe is a frog, qkaxdubai is a fox, so ggsocfe is not less likely to wish to be a prince than qkaxdubai
rhhcl is a frog, yvsxzbn is a fox, so rhhcl is not less likely to wish to be a prince than yvsxzbn
clobiin is a frog, vvyov is a fox, so clobiin is not less likely to wish to be a prince than vvyov
lnlkwxl is a frog, pzdog is a fox, so lnlkwxl is not less likely to wish to be a prince than pzdog
jsmfxxbxbbo is a frog, mef is a fox, so mef is not more likely to wish to be a prince than jsmfxxbxbbo
qkaxdubai is a frog, ggsocfe is a fox, so ggsocfe is not more likely to wish to be a prince than qkaxdubai
yvsxzbn is a frog, rhhcl is a fox, so rhhcl is not more likely to wish to be a prince than yvsxzbn
vvyov is a frog, clobiin is a fox, so clobiin is not more likely to wish to be a prince than vvyov
pzdog is a frog, lnlkwxl is a fox, so lnlkwxl is not more likely to wish to be a prince than pzdog
qiejoupusk is a pig, mop is a hippopotamus, so qiejoupusk is more likely to find truffles than mop
fyiatbv is a pig, gshnixk is a hippopotamus, so fyiatbv is more likely to find truffles than gshnixk
xbpjgjehpx is a pig, fsp is a hippopotamus, so xbpjgjehpx is more likely to find truffles than fsp
dytyarm is a pig, rdeyevsnzpgc is a hippopotamus, so dytyarm is more likely to find truffles than rdeyevsnzpgc
jxextgsmke is a pig, yqsbh is a hippopotamus, so jxextgsmke is more likely to find truffles than yqsbh
qiejoupusk is a pig, mop is a hippopotamus, so mop is less likely to find truffles than qiejoupusk
fyiatbv is a pig, gshnixk is a hippopotamus, so gshnixk is less likely to find truffles than fyiatbv
xbpjgjehpx is a pig, fsp is a hippopotamus, so fsp is less likely to find truffles than xbpjgjehpx
dytyarm is a pig, rdeyevsnzpgc is a hippopotamus, so rdeyevsnzpgc is less likely to find truffles than dytyarm
jxextgsmke is a pig, yqsbh is a hippopotamus, so yqsbh is less likely to find truffles than jxextgsmke
idknedwa is a pig, wrmteiyyhids is a hippopotamus, so idknedwa is not less likely to find truffles than wrmteiyyhids
sgznasvjan is a pig, eeubkvkda is a hippopotamus, so sgznasvjan is not less likely to find truffles than eeubkvkda
wxnce is a pig, uuk is a hippopotamus, so wxnce is not less likely to find truffles than uuk
bmxpztif is a pig, votwdwgv is a hippopotamus, so bmxpztif is not less likely to find truffles than votwdwgv
flkjern is a pig, aqw is a hippopotamus, so flkjern is not less likely to find truffles than aqw
wrmteiyyhids is a pig, idknedwa is a hippopotamus, so idknedwa is not more likely to find truffles than wrmteiyyhids
eeubkvkda is a pig, sgznasvjan is a hippopotamus, so sgznasvjan is not more likely to find truffles than eeubkvkda
uuk is a pig, wxnce is a hippopotamus, so wxnce is not more likely to find truffles than uuk
votwdwgv is a pig, bmxpztif is a hippopotamus, so bmxpztif is not more likely to find truffles than votwdwgv
aqw is a pig, flkjern is a hippopotamus, so flkjern is not more likely to find truffles than aqw
xmnodudjei is a cow, xfvvvocaqfkr is a scorpion, so xmnodudjei is more low by mooing than xfvvvocaqfkr
itizwe is a cow, euayrvvqboff is a scorpion, so itizwe is more low by mooing than euayrvvqboff
duanos is a cow, bzyqbf is a scorpion, so duanos is more low by mooing than bzyqbf
jesymdwzgcxa is a cow, mdvpld is a scorpion, so jesymdwzgcxa is more low by mooing than mdvpld
nqfzvmdyxir is a cow, gkmjonojzjjj is a scorpion, so nqfzvmdyxir is more low by mooing than gkmjonojzjjj
xmnodudjei is a cow, xfvvvocaqfkr is a scorpion, so xfvvvocaqfkr is less low by mooing than xmnodudjei
itizwe is a cow, euayrvvqboff is a scorpion, so euayrvvqboff is less low by mooing than itizwe
duanos is a cow, bzyqbf is a scorpion, so bzyqbf is less low by mooing than duanos
jesymdwzgcxa is a cow, mdvpld is a scorpion, so mdvpld is less low by mooing than jesymdwzgcxa
nqfzvmdyxir is a cow, gkmjonojzjjj is a scorpion, so gkmjonojzjjj is less low by mooing than nqfzvmdyxir
jfyk is a cow, darik is a scorpion, so jfyk is not less low by mooing than darik
wnuigw is a cow, rsxgiscxvxdv is a scorpion, so wnuigw is not less low by mooing than rsxgiscxvxdv
tyutfych is a cow, wjtkxvj is a scorpion, so tyutfych is not less low by mooing than wjtkxvj
owyslkz is a cow, zqc is a scorpion, so owyslkz is not less low by mooing than zqc
enhfkh is a cow, qtdgvabhte is a scorpion, so enhfkh is not less low by mooing than qtdgvabhte
darik is a cow, jfyk is a scorpion, so jfyk is not more low by mooing than darik
rsxgiscxvxdv is a cow, wnuigw is a scorpion, so wnuigw is not more low by mooing than rsxgiscxvxdv
wjtkxvj is a cow, tyutfych is a scorpion, so tyutfych is not more low by mooing than wjtkxvj
zqc is a cow, owyslkz is a scorpion, so owyslkz is not more low by mooing than zqc
qtdgvabhte is a cow, enhfkh is a scorpion, so enhfkh is not more low by mooing than qtdgvabhte
lssiieg is a spider, jaawxa is an elephant, so lssiieg is more likely to spin a web than jaawxa
excdrkbxahj is a spider, ajktilujbaz is an elephant, so excdrkbxahj is more likely to spin a web than ajktilujbaz
bzuwierfjbxy is a spider, euyc is an elephant, so bzuwierfjbxy is more likely to spin a web than euyc
podothuuz is a spider, ejsysdxbtvdt is an elephant, so podothuuz is more likely to spin a web than ejsysdxbtvdt
oyxgsjjugb is a spider, aqk is an elephant, so oyxgsjjugb is more likely to spin a web than aqk
lssiieg is a spider, jaawxa is an elephant, so jaawxa is less likely to spin a web than lssiieg
excdrkbxahj is a spider, ajktilujbaz is an elephant, so ajktilujbaz is less likely to spin a web than excdrkbxahj
bzuwierfjbxy is a spider, euyc is an elephant, so euyc is less likely to spin a web than bzuwierfjbxy
podothuuz is a spider, ejsysdxbtvdt is an elephant, so ejsysdxbtvdt is less likely to spin a web than podothuuz
oyxgsjjugb is a spider, aqk is an elephant, so aqk is less likely to spin a web than oyxgsjjugb
tjdprgq is a spider, wfdgxtj is an elephant, so tjdprgq is not less likely to spin a web than wfdgxtj
pbrjwwvxhoji is a spider, gcfigce is an elephant, so pbrjwwvxhoji is not less likely to spin a web than gcfigce
opa is a spider, hrx is an elephant, so opa is not less likely to spin a web than hrx
ijxdpxbolhix is a spider, hpopufnyajlk is an elephant, so ijxdpxbolhix is not less likely to spin a web than hpopufnyajlk
ibdmfoeijj is a spider, eetbduresiin is an elephant, so ibdmfoeijj is not less likely to spin a web than eetbduresiin
wfdgxtj is a spider, tjdprgq is an elephant, so tjdprgq is not more likely to spin a web than wfdgxtj
gcfigce is a spider, pbrjwwvxhoji is an elephant, so pbrjwwvxhoji is not more likely to spin a web than gcfigce
hrx is a spider, opa is an elephant, so opa is not more likely to spin a web than hrx
hpopufnyajlk is a spider, ijxdpxbolhix is an elephant, so ijxdpxbolhix is not more likely to spin a web than hpopufnyajlk
eetbduresiin is a spider, ibdmfoeijj is an elephant, so ibdmfoeijj is not more likely to spin a web than eetbduresiin
lzzkwikn is a fish, vzov is a snake, so lzzkwikn is more likely to be in a stream than vzov
qkshmxhia is a fish, yvjbcpoizm is a snake, so qkshmxhia is more likely to be in a stream than yvjbcpoizm
mei is a fish, hjeeh is a snake, so mei is more likely to be in a stream than hjeeh
wtxtbez is a fish, pgnidmpi is a snake, so wtxtbez is more likely to be in a stream than pgnidmpi
bkynbpdavji is a fish, eacaivgro is a snake, so bkynbpdavji is more likely to be in a stream than eacaivgro
lzzkwikn is a fish, vzov is a snake, so vzov is less likely to be in a stream than lzzkwikn
qkshmxhia is a fish, yvjbcpoizm is a snake, so yvjbcpoizm is less likely to be in a stream than qkshmxhia
mei is a fish, hjeeh is a snake, so hjeeh is less likely to be in a stream than mei
wtxtbez is a fish, pgnidmpi is a snake, so pgnidmpi is less likely to be in a stream than wtxtbez
bkynbpdavji is a fish, eacaivgro is a snake, so eacaivgro is less likely to be in a stream than bkynbpdavji
zcaqtn is a fish, mhbfqqfwxnts is a snake, so zcaqtn is not less likely to be in a stream than mhbfqqfwxnts
xfhsry is a fish, qebs is a snake, so xfhsry is not less likely to be in a stream than qebs
skggldpq is a fish, exydth is a snake, so skggldpq is not less likely to be in a stream than exydth
loiyrgyhx is a fish, cstfwfwxxhjv is a snake, so loiyrgyhx is not less likely to be in a stream than cstfwfwxxhjv
nrxhgjsnbok is a fish, nhdpfvpugpm is a snake, so nrxhgjsnbok is not less likely to be in a stream than nhdpfvpugpm
mhbfqqfwxnts is a fish, zcaqtn is a snake, so zcaqtn is not more likely to be in a stream than mhbfqqfwxnts
qebs is a fish, xfhsry is a snake, so xfhsry is not more likely to be in a stream than qebs
exydth is a fish, skggldpq is a snake, so skggldpq is not more likely to be in a stream than exydth
cstfwfwxxhjv is a fish, loiyrgyhx is a snake, so loiyrgyhx is not more likely to be in a stream than cstfwfwxxhjv
nhdpfvpugpm is a fish, nrxhgjsnbok is a snake, so nrxhgjsnbok is not more likely to be in a stream than nhdpfvpugpm
eplebntbn is a chicken, kwx is a wolf, so eplebntbn is more likely to be in the oven than kwx
jolxhdfnxfhj is a chicken, racrqwbx is a wolf, so jolxhdfnxfhj is more likely to be in the oven than racrqwbx
cfz is a chicken, azlzy is a wolf, so cfz is more likely to be in the oven than azlzy
mrartqoyy is a chicken, gfh is a wolf, so mrartqoyy is more likely to be in the oven than gfh
xwnux is a chicken, stlaky is a wolf, so xwnux is more likely to be in the oven than stlaky
eplebntbn is a chicken, kwx is a wolf, so kwx is less likely to be in the oven than eplebntbn
jolxhdfnxfhj is a chicken, racrqwbx is a wolf, so racrqwbx is less likely to be in the oven than jolxhdfnxfhj
cfz is a chicken, azlzy is a wolf, so azlzy is less likely to be in the oven than cfz
mrartqoyy is a chicken, gfh is a wolf, so gfh is less likely to be in the oven than mrartqoyy
xwnux is a chicken, stlaky is a wolf, so stlaky is less likely to be in the oven than xwnux
xazaoz is a chicken, chonmaexsjq is a wolf, so xazaoz is not less likely to be in the oven than chonmaexsjq
qybtfhoevoor is a chicken, gefmizeonff is a wolf, so qybtfhoevoor is not less likely to be in the oven than gefmizeonff
tyqfuvyfdu is a chicken, umbczgsjanpt is a wolf, so tyqfuvyfdu is not less likely to be in the oven than umbczgsjanpt
ixcseopz is a chicken, xqlhmycfo is a wolf, so ixcseopz is not less likely to be in the oven than xqlhmycfo
pdo is a chicken, khlawwzmt is a wolf, so pdo is not less likely to be in the oven than khlawwzmt
chonmaexsjq is a chicken, xazaoz is a wolf, so xazaoz is not more likely to be in the oven than chonmaexsjq
gefmizeonff is a chicken, qybtfhoevoor is a wolf, so qybtfhoevoor is not more likely to be in the oven than gefmizeonff
umbczgsjanpt is a chicken, tyqfuvyfdu is a wolf, so tyqfuvyfdu is not more likely to be in the oven than umbczgsjanpt
xqlhmycfo is a chicken, ixcseopz is a wolf, so ixcseopz is not more likely to be in the oven than xqlhmycfo
khlawwzmt is a chicken, pdo is a wolf, so pdo is not more likely to be in the oven than khlawwzmt
hwaa is a cat, cue is a scorpion, so hwaa is more likely to look at a king than cue
nfqqk is a cat, zsvohuyfvw is a scorpion, so nfqqk is more likely to look at a king than zsvohuyfvw
pmogucpn is a cat, cupuw is a scorpion, so pmogucpn is more likely to look at a king than cupuw
cyef is a cat, bxlayn is a scorpion, so cyef is more likely to look at a king than bxlayn
wid is a cat, nfsdrbdw is a scorpion, so wid is more likely to look at a king than nfsdrbdw
hwaa is a cat, cue is a scorpion, so cue is less likely to look at a king than hwaa
nfqqk is a cat, zsvohuyfvw is a scorpion, so zsvohuyfvw is less likely to look at a king than nfqqk
pmogucpn is a cat, cupuw is a scorpion, so cupuw is less likely to look at a king than pmogucpn
cyef is a cat, bxlayn is a scorpion, so bxlayn is less likely to look at a king than cyef
wid is a cat, nfsdrbdw is a scorpion, so nfsdrbdw is less likely to look at a king than wid
hqykrpaur is a cat, qwbamxcb is a scorpion, so hqykrpaur is not less likely to look at a king than qwbamxcb
iscyjg is a cat, jfjfhmepygd is a scorpion, so iscyjg is not less likely to look at a king than jfjfhmepygd
octji is a cat, uhjrjivzj is a scorpion, so octji is not less likely to look at a king than uhjrjivzj
kzjreu is a cat, bgq is a scorpion, so kzjreu is not less likely to look at a king than bgq
xctohpz is a cat, zif is a scorpion, so xctohpz is not less likely to look at a king than zif
qwbamxcb is a cat, hqykrpaur is a scorpion, so hqykrpaur is not more likely to look at a king than qwbamxcb
jfjfhmepygd is a cat, iscyjg is a scorpion, so iscyjg is not more likely to look at a king than jfjfhmepygd
uhjrjivzj is a cat, octji is a scorpion, so octji is not more likely to look at a king than uhjrjivzj
bgq is a cat, kzjreu is a scorpion, so kzjreu is not more likely to look at a king than bgq
zif is a cat, xctohpz is a scorpion, so xctohpz is not more likely to look at a king than zif
ocj is a dog, zqjxe is a fly, so ocj is more likely to drink water than zqjxe
xoeylacuo is a dog, grenkqmk is a fly, so xoeylacuo is more likely to drink water than grenkqmk
aenokw is a dog, quvgamoudjpj is a fly, so aenokw is more likely to drink water than quvgamoudjpj
vfcsfqchgzf is a dog, hfrxdjfsmae is a fly, so vfcsfqchgzf is more likely to drink water than hfrxdjfsmae
pwtxxkwflgj is a dog, xjujin is a fly, so pwtxxkwflgj is more likely to drink water than xjujin
ocj is a dog, zqjxe is a fly, so zqjxe is less likely to drink water than ocj
xoeylacuo is a dog, grenkqmk is a fly, so grenkqmk is less likely to drink water than xoeylacuo
aenokw is a dog, quvgamoudjpj is a fly, so quvgamoudjpj is less likely to drink water than aenokw
vfcsfqchgzf is a dog, hfrxdjfsmae is a fly, so hfrxdjfsmae is less likely to drink water than vfcsfqchgzf
pwtxxkwflgj is a dog, xjujin is a fly, so xjujin is less likely to drink water than pwtxxkwflgj
vbmwuwxx is a dog, ktifwe is a fly, so vbmwuwxx is not less likely to drink water than ktifwe
jpyvtpfchnf is a dog, edxyxvdybirh is a fly, so jpyvtpfchnf is not less likely to drink water than edxyxvdybirh
bbsabuely is a dog, dpw is a fly, so bbsabuely is not less likely to drink water than dpw
bhdicgy is a dog, nsagfn is a fly, so bhdicgy is not less likely to drink water than nsagfn
qqpbsff is a dog, jsxqoo is a fly, so qqpbsff is not less likely to drink water than jsxqoo
ktifwe is a dog, vbmwuwxx is a fly, so vbmwuwxx is not more likely to drink water than ktifwe
edxyxvdybirh is a dog, jpyvtpfchnf is a fly, so jpyvtpfchnf is not more likely to drink water than edxyxvdybirh
dpw is a dog, bbsabuely is a fly, so bbsabuely is not more likely to drink water than dpw
nsagfn is a dog, bhdicgy is a fly, so bhdicgy is not more likely to drink water than nsagfn
jsxqoo is a dog, qqpbsff is a fly, so qqpbsff is not more likely to drink water than jsxqoo
fbzgwns is a spider, sqfemfoffdgp is a bird, so fbzgwns is more likely to kill an insect than sqfemfoffdgp
kdq is a spider, pybsgoo is a bird, so kdq is more likely to kill an insect than pybsgoo
diomjux is a spider, vdvhfboawvzj is a bird, so diomjux is more likely to kill an insect than vdvhfboawvzj
polulbd is a spider, hjonbfkoabmq is a bird, so polulbd is more likely to kill an insect than hjonbfkoabmq
kvhi is a spider, obbcvrumz is a bird, so kvhi is more likely to kill an insect than obbcvrumz
fbzgwns is a spider, sqfemfoffdgp is a bird, so sqfemfoffdgp is more likely to kill an insect than fbzgwns
kdq is a spider, pybsgoo is a bird, so pybsgoo is more likely to kill an insect than kdq
diomjux is a spider, vdvhfboawvzj is a bird, so vdvhfboawvzj is more likely to kill an insect than diomjux
polulbd is a spider, hjonbfkoabmq is a bird, so hjonbfkoabmq is more likely to kill an insect than polulbd
kvhi is a spider, obbcvrumz is a bird, so obbcvrumz is more likely to kill an insect than kvhi
vbogzuae is a spider, vesnsj is a bird, so vbogzuae is not less likely to kill an insect than vesnsj
qsqxpkrr is a spider, she is a bird, so qsqxpkrr is not less likely to kill an insect than she
tavw is a spider, fckqpnb is a bird, so tavw is not less likely to kill an insect than fckqpnb
qyzwe is a spider, mxjuxo is a bird, so qyzwe is not less likely to kill an insect than mxjuxo
ecqrw is a spider, qzv is a bird, so ecqrw is not less likely to kill an insect than qzv
vesnsj is a spider, vbogzuae is a bird, so vbogzuae is not more likely to kill an insect than vesnsj
she is a spider, qsqxpkrr is a bird, so qsqxpkrr is not more likely to kill an insect than she
fckqpnb is a spider, tavw is a bird, so tavw is not more likely to kill an insect than fckqpnb
mxjuxo is a spider, qyzwe is a bird, so qyzwe is not more likely to kill an insect than mxjuxo
qzv is a spider, ecqrw is a bird, so ecqrw is not more likely to kill an insect than qzv
wqqochqocoy is a snake, kkqmf is a snail, so wqqochqocoy is less likely to be in a tree than kkqmf
bouwpdiwt is a snake, pmmqt is a snail, so bouwpdiwt is less likely to be in a tree than pmmqt
htwhqbh is a snake, zuhnwxyljn is a snail, so htwhqbh is less likely to be in a tree than zuhnwxyljn
rgcbfdmo is a snake, hjyzykazc is a snail, so rgcbfdmo is less likely to be in a tree than hjyzykazc
msqtkdxs is a snake, ixsoqacgmvnu is a snail, so msqtkdxs is less likely to be in a tree than ixsoqacgmvnu
wqqochqocoy is a snake, kkqmf is a snail, so kkqmf is less likely to be in a tree than wqqochqocoy
bouwpdiwt is a snake, pmmqt is a snail, so pmmqt is less likely to be in a tree than bouwpdiwt
htwhqbh is a snake, zuhnwxyljn is a snail, so zuhnwxyljn is less likely to be in a tree than htwhqbh
rgcbfdmo is a snake, hjyzykazc is a snail, so hjyzykazc is less likely to be in a tree than rgcbfdmo
msqtkdxs is a snake, ixsoqacgmvnu is a snail, so ixsoqacgmvnu is less likely to be in a tree than msqtkdxs
sjpxvcxz is a snake, txkertuwrc is a snail, so sjpxvcxz is not less likely to be in a tree than txkertuwrc
cmpwbomasr is a snake, ftgjftkj is a snail, so cmpwbomasr is not less likely to be in a tree than ftgjftkj
ieg is a snake, tmvmp is a snail, so ieg is not less likely to be in a tree than tmvmp
kkfxphyok is a snake, tfaurmvdqs is a snail, so kkfxphyok is not less likely to be in a tree than tfaurmvdqs
ttbqtmz is a snake, xikgkuvxa is a snail, so ttbqtmz is not less likely to be in a tree than xikgkuvxa
txkertuwrc is a snake, sjpxvcxz is a snail, so sjpxvcxz is not more likely to be in a tree than txkertuwrc
ftgjftkj is a snake, cmpwbomasr is a snail, so cmpwbomasr is not more likely to be in a tree than ftgjftkj
tmvmp is a snake, ieg is a snail, so ieg is not more likely to be in a tree than tmvmp
tfaurmvdqs is a snake, kkfxphyok is a snail, so kkfxphyok is not more likely to be in a tree than tfaurmvdqs
xikgkuvxa is a snake, ttbqtmz is a snail, so ttbqtmz is not more likely to be in a tree than xikgkuvxa
mdckaht is a deer, vwtty is a fly, so mdckaht is more long for water than vwtty
hghzkhvu is a deer, tzvfzzhovet is a fly, so hghzkhvu is more long for water than tzvfzzhovet
eajhoxw is a deer, papauc is a fly, so eajhoxw is more long for water than papauc
wgh is a deer, gnudihtfq is a fly, so wgh is more long for water than gnudihtfq
vzktvsyk is a deer, eynozyar is a fly, so vzktvsyk is more long for water than eynozyar
mdckaht is a deer, vwtty is a fly, so vwtty is less long for water than mdckaht
hghzkhvu is a deer, tzvfzzhovet is a fly, so tzvfzzhovet is less long for water than hghzkhvu
eajhoxw is a deer, papauc is a fly, so papauc is less long for water than eajhoxw
wgh is a deer, gnudihtfq is a fly, so gnudihtfq is less long for water than wgh
vzktvsyk is a deer, eynozyar is a fly, so eynozyar is less long for water than vzktvsyk
xwmk is a deer, ybitr is a fly, so xwmk is not less long for water than ybitr
pblmojkjeyd is a deer, cfiuiboyh is a fly, so pblmojkjeyd is not less long for water than cfiuiboyh
tkpycyvo is a deer, ugtcayxc is a fly, so tkpycyvo is not less long for water than ugtcayxc
beamoxtryz is a deer, tgzbwa is a fly, so beamoxtryz is not less long for water than tgzbwa
ehf is a deer, pmdrtgdco is a fly, so ehf is not less long for water than pmdrtgdco
ybitr is a deer, xwmk is a fly, so xwmk is not more long for water than ybitr
cfiuiboyh is a deer, pblmojkjeyd is a fly, so pblmojkjeyd is not more long for water than cfiuiboyh
ugtcayxc is a deer, tkpycyvo is a fly, so tkpycyvo is not more long for water than ugtcayxc
tgzbwa is a deer, beamoxtryz is a fly, so beamoxtryz is not more long for water than tgzbwa
pmdrtgdco is a deer, ehf is a fly, so ehf is not more long for water than pmdrtgdco
bzhit is a fish, wqi is a fly, so bzhit is less likely to attempt to fly than wqi
nekdlqfhtzx is a fish, jugwoje is a fly, so nekdlqfhtzx is less likely to attempt to fly than jugwoje
zhagnhansvwn is a fish, ngyrjfosfrhc is a fly, so zhagnhansvwn is less likely to attempt to fly than ngyrjfosfrhc
pwpshn is a fish, vnijoig is a fly, so pwpshn is less likely to attempt to fly than vnijoig
ahixzj is a fish, jrkfrmcfj is a fly, so ahixzj is less likely to attempt to fly than jrkfrmcfj
bzhit is a fish, wqi is a fly, so wqi is less likely to attempt to fly than bzhit
nekdlqfhtzx is a fish, jugwoje is a fly, so jugwoje is less likely to attempt to fly than nekdlqfhtzx
zhagnhansvwn is a fish, ngyrjfosfrhc is a fly, so ngyrjfosfrhc is less likely to attempt to fly than zhagnhansvwn
pwpshn is a fish, vnijoig is a fly, so vnijoig is less likely to attempt to fly than pwpshn
ahixzj is a fish, jrkfrmcfj is a fly, so jrkfrmcfj is less likely to attempt to fly than ahixzj
ofordzq is a fish, hcyey is a fly, so ofordzq is not more likely to attempt to fly than hcyey
hnozoenssipd is a fish, xaolwewehml is a fly, so hnozoenssipd is not more likely to attempt to fly than xaolwewehml
igfzwngul is a fish, ptyyeas is a fly, so igfzwngul is not more likely to attempt to fly than ptyyeas
fpa is a fish, ieyna is a fly, so fpa is not more likely to attempt to fly than ieyna
byxxuzem is a fish, zqdkzaz is a fly, so byxxuzem is not more likely to attempt to fly than zqdkzaz
hcyey is a fish, ofordzq is a fly, so ofordzq is not more likely to attempt to fly than hcyey
xaolwewehml is a fish, hnozoenssipd is a fly, so hnozoenssipd is not more likely to attempt to fly than xaolwewehml
ptyyeas is a fish, igfzwngul is a fly, so igfzwngul is not more likely to attempt to fly than ptyyeas
ieyna is a fish, fpa is a fly, so fpa is not more likely to attempt to fly than ieyna
zqdkzaz is a fish, byxxuzem is a fly, so byxxuzem is not more likely to attempt to fly than zqdkzaz
bqqo is a sheep, rsb is a monkey, so bqqo is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than rsb
zvfcpgut is a sheep, ofidb is a monkey, so zvfcpgut is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than ofidb
rxkdew is a sheep, filk is a monkey, so rxkdew is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than filk
bejtm is a sheep, cvldzv is a monkey, so bejtm is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than cvldzv
krd is a sheep, wsjxzytedzqf is a monkey, so krd is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than wsjxzytedzqf
bqqo is a sheep, rsb is a monkey, so rsb is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than bqqo
zvfcpgut is a sheep, ofidb is a monkey, so ofidb is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than zvfcpgut
rxkdew is a sheep, filk is a monkey, so filk is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than rxkdew
bejtm is a sheep, cvldzv is a monkey, so cvldzv is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than bejtm
krd is a sheep, wsjxzytedzqf is a monkey, so wsjxzytedzqf is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than krd
jjammdfoodw is a sheep, dwhfootqqevq is a monkey, so jjammdfoodw is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than dwhfootqqevq
niuwih is a sheep, tszgujwacvlt is a monkey, so niuwih is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than tszgujwacvlt
vmmtswjlkp is a sheep, obofkuxnetp is a monkey, so vmmtswjlkp is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than obofkuxnetp
klzfy is a sheep, fzbfwubjz is a monkey, so klzfy is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than fzbfwubjz
ifbxyb is a sheep, ekwg is a monkey, so ifbxyb is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than ekwg
dwhfootqqevq is a sheep, jjammdfoodw is a monkey, so jjammdfoodw is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than dwhfootqqevq
tszgujwacvlt is a sheep, niuwih is a monkey, so niuwih is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than tszgujwacvlt
obofkuxnetp is a sheep, vmmtswjlkp is a monkey, so vmmtswjlkp is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than obofkuxnetp
fzbfwubjz is a sheep, klzfy is a monkey, so klzfy is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than fzbfwubjz
ekwg is a sheep, ifbxyb is a monkey, so ifbxyb is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than ekwg
xppycfcga is a lion, skbeqra is a duck, so xppycfcga is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than skbeqra
pha is a lion, ewurza is a duck, so pha is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than ewurza
nsszqzkqd is a lion, odfy is a duck, so nsszqzkqd is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than odfy
oejytil is a lion, ogliprd is a duck, so oejytil is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than ogliprd
gkmle is a lion, caensb is a duck, so gkmle is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than caensb
xppycfcga is a lion, skbeqra is a duck, so skbeqra is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than xppycfcga
pha is a lion, ewurza is a duck, so ewurza is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than pha
nsszqzkqd is a lion, odfy is a duck, so odfy is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than nsszqzkqd
oejytil is a lion, ogliprd is a duck, so ogliprd is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than oejytil
gkmle is a lion, caensb is a duck, so caensb is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than gkmle
qsfovthfo is a lion, mnk is a duck, so qsfovthfo is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than mnk
nzygvojni is a lion, dopj is a duck, so nzygvojni is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than dopj
yxxoxqh is a lion, gxjvxjkxuln is a duck, so yxxoxqh is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than gxjvxjkxuln
fthilpes is a lion, sepizht is a duck, so fthilpes is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than sepizht
cmabcipi is a lion, bongjzbtqm is a duck, so cmabcipi is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than bongjzbtqm
mnk is a lion, qsfovthfo is a duck, so qsfovthfo is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than mnk
dopj is a lion, nzygvojni is a duck, so nzygvojni is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than dopj
gxjvxjkxuln is a lion, yxxoxqh is a duck, so yxxoxqh is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than gxjvxjkxuln
sepizht is a lion, fthilpes is a duck, so fthilpes is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than sepizht
bongjzbtqm is a lion, cmabcipi is a duck, so cmabcipi is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than bongjzbtqm
zgpcgb is a elephant, hxckzsriqiz is a chicken, so zgpcgb is more likely to be in africa than hxckzsriqiz
uzjnphpmxhg is a elephant, jagjtftyrbo is a chicken, so uzjnphpmxhg is more likely to be in africa than jagjtftyrbo
gcqozzvtc is a elephant, scxtnrulf is a chicken, so gcqozzvtc is more likely to be in africa than scxtnrulf
chzgidmjcode is a elephant, acdnwt is a chicken, so chzgidmjcode is more likely to be in africa than acdnwt
tighs is a elephant, jea is a chicken, so tighs is more likely to be in africa than jea
zgpcgb is a elephant, hxckzsriqiz is a chicken, so hxckzsriqiz is less likely to be in africa than zgpcgb
uzjnphpmxhg is a elephant, jagjtftyrbo is a chicken, so jagjtftyrbo is less likely to be in africa than uzjnphpmxhg
gcqozzvtc is a elephant, scxtnrulf is a chicken, so scxtnrulf is less likely to be in africa than gcqozzvtc
chzgidmjcode is a elephant, acdnwt is a chicken, so acdnwt is less likely to be in africa than chzgidmjcode
tighs is a elephant, jea is a chicken, so jea is less likely to be in africa than tighs
bbxlxmqgsnr is a elephant, ncwco is a chicken, so bbxlxmqgsnr is not less likely to be in africa than ncwco
laxvjwv is a elephant, lesemriwaagl is a chicken, so laxvjwv is not less likely to be in africa than lesemriwaagl
gzicu is a elephant, uosbjywz is a chicken, so gzicu is not less likely to be in africa than uosbjywz
qnivtjgsh is a elephant, gxplhbwwfrvd is a chicken, so qnivtjgsh is not less likely to be in africa than gxplhbwwfrvd
ozav is a elephant, oizjlimkju is a chicken, so ozav is not less likely to be in africa than oizjlimkju
ncwco is a elephant, bbxlxmqgsnr is a chicken, so bbxlxmqgsnr is not more likely to be in africa than ncwco
lesemriwaagl is a elephant, laxvjwv is a chicken, so laxvjwv is not more likely to be in africa than lesemriwaagl
uosbjywz is a elephant, gzicu is a chicken, so gzicu is not more likely to be in africa than uosbjywz
gxplhbwwfrvd is a elephant, qnivtjgsh is a chicken, so qnivtjgsh is not more likely to be in africa than gxplhbwwfrvd
oizjlimkju is a elephant, ozav is a chicken, so ozav is not more likely to be in africa than oizjlimkju
kmdeeut is a goat, qqhoql is a panda, so kmdeeut is less likely to be in a petting zoo than qqhoql
dnwfjjp is a goat, parvkx is a panda, so dnwfjjp is less likely to be in a petting zoo than parvkx
iireh is a goat, erq is a panda, so iireh is less likely to be in a petting zoo than erq
ewjp is a goat, exwvve is a panda, so ewjp is less likely to be in a petting zoo than exwvve
fpyarxagn is a goat, ewa is a panda, so fpyarxagn is less likely to be in a petting zoo than ewa
kmdeeut is a goat, qqhoql is a panda, so qqhoql is less likely to be in a petting zoo than kmdeeut
dnwfjjp is a goat, parvkx is a panda, so parvkx is less likely to be in a petting zoo than dnwfjjp
iireh is a goat, erq is a panda, so erq is less likely to be in a petting zoo than iireh
ewjp is a goat, exwvve is a panda, so exwvve is less likely to be in a petting zoo than ewjp
fpyarxagn is a goat, ewa is a panda, so ewa is less likely to be in a petting zoo than fpyarxagn
xgvxjhdkoccf is a goat, jvbggi is a panda, so xgvxjhdkoccf is not less likely to be in a petting zoo than jvbggi
uioqsfpxqbzt is a goat, qme is a panda, so uioqsfpxqbzt is not less likely to be in a petting zoo than qme
uscyqnjpwyx is a goat, rqmzspxzjhbk is a panda, so uscyqnjpwyx is not less likely to be in a petting zoo than rqmzspxzjhbk
xpxwhi is a goat, nhrwgfwasd is a panda, so xpxwhi is not less likely to be in a petting zoo than nhrwgfwasd
zxffr is a goat, udp is a panda, so zxffr is not less likely to be in a petting zoo than udp
jvbggi is a goat, xgvxjhdkoccf is a panda, so xgvxjhdkoccf is not more likely to be in a petting zoo than jvbggi
qme is a goat, uioqsfpxqbzt is a panda, so uioqsfpxqbzt is not more likely to be in a petting zoo than qme
rqmzspxzjhbk is a goat, uscyqnjpwyx is a panda, so uscyqnjpwyx is not more likely to be in a petting zoo than rqmzspxzjhbk
nhrwgfwasd is a goat, xpxwhi is a panda, so xpxwhi is not more likely to be in a petting zoo than nhrwgfwasd
udp is a goat, zxffr is a panda, so zxffr is not more likely to be in a petting zoo than udp
hiuq is a fish, yfiao is a owl, so hiuq is more likely to be in a stream than yfiao
dff is a fish, ivqg is a owl, so dff is more likely to be in a stream than ivqg
plfi is a fish, xzh is a owl, so plfi is more likely to be in a stream than xzh
dcihm is a fish, vawmhbvkhhg is a owl, so dcihm is more likely to be in a stream than vawmhbvkhhg
pnjyvwfgh is a fish, apwbjyotypnu is a owl, so pnjyvwfgh is more likely to be in a stream than apwbjyotypnu
hiuq is a fish, yfiao is a owl, so yfiao is less likely to be in a stream than hiuq
dff is a fish, ivqg is a owl, so ivqg is less likely to be in a stream than dff
plfi is a fish, xzh is a owl, so xzh is less likely to be in a stream than plfi
dcihm is a fish, vawmhbvkhhg is a owl, so vawmhbvkhhg is less likely to be in a stream than dcihm
pnjyvwfgh is a fish, apwbjyotypnu is a owl, so apwbjyotypnu is less likely to be in a stream than pnjyvwfgh
phor is a fish, inoxupvo is a owl, so phor is not less likely to be in a stream than inoxupvo
ozsfdewv is a fish, pbqdaakjr is a owl, so ozsfdewv is not less likely to be in a stream than pbqdaakjr
wiahfya is a fish, uyvohi is a owl, so wiahfya is not less likely to be in a stream than uyvohi
vwdargfj is a fish, syjdonbkpk is a owl, so vwdargfj is not less likely to be in a stream than syjdonbkpk
cxdzxfepwero is a fish, qonwxi is a owl, so cxdzxfepwero is not less likely to be in a stream than qonwxi
inoxupvo is a fish, phor is a owl, so phor is not more likely to be in a stream than inoxupvo
pbqdaakjr is a fish, ozsfdewv is a owl, so ozsfdewv is not more likely to be in a stream than pbqdaakjr
uyvohi is a fish, wiahfya is a owl, so wiahfya is not more likely to be in a stream than uyvohi
syjdonbkpk is a fish, vwdargfj is a owl, so vwdargfj is not more likely to be in a stream than syjdonbkpk
qonwxi is a fish, cxdzxfepwero is a owl, so cxdzxfepwero is not more likely to be in a stream than qonwxi
jqz is a bird, rlabncbduu is a zebra, so jqz is more likely to be in a tree than rlabncbduu
ibfskxdwivyi is a bird, pnwywktxsy is a zebra, so ibfskxdwivyi is more likely to be in a tree than pnwywktxsy
iln is a bird, zflwuuc is a zebra, so iln is more likely to be in a tree than zflwuuc
mcnzhuxqgw is a bird, aihw is a zebra, so mcnzhuxqgw is more likely to be in a tree than aihw
yzmjw is a bird, bxshuudenm is a zebra, so yzmjw is more likely to be in a tree than bxshuudenm
jqz is a bird, rlabncbduu is a zebra, so rlabncbduu is less likely to be in a tree than jqz
ibfskxdwivyi is a bird, pnwywktxsy is a zebra, so pnwywktxsy is less likely to be in a tree than ibfskxdwivyi
iln is a bird, zflwuuc is a zebra, so zflwuuc is less likely to be in a tree than iln
mcnzhuxqgw is a bird, aihw is a zebra, so aihw is less likely to be in a tree than mcnzhuxqgw
yzmjw is a bird, bxshuudenm is a zebra, so bxshuudenm is less likely to be in a tree than yzmjw
ftvvbcq is a bird, xvffpqazuv is a zebra, so ftvvbcq is not less likely to be in a tree than xvffpqazuv
fxtbpphmm is a bird, cmqappb is a zebra, so fxtbpphmm is not less likely to be in a tree than cmqappb
krtoresoivg is a bird, jutxl is a zebra, so krtoresoivg is not less likely to be in a tree than jutxl
vynjkt is a bird, wwefvbtj is a zebra, so vynjkt is not less likely to be in a tree than wwefvbtj
xcvvuasaiz is a bird, fijquijuj is a zebra, so xcvvuasaiz is not less likely to be in a tree than fijquijuj
xvffpqazuv is a bird, ftvvbcq is a zebra, so ftvvbcq is not more likely to be in a tree than xvffpqazuv
cmqappb is a bird, fxtbpphmm is a zebra, so fxtbpphmm is not more likely to be in a tree than cmqappb
jutxl is a bird, krtoresoivg is a zebra, so krtoresoivg is not more likely to be in a tree than jutxl
wwefvbtj is a bird, vynjkt is a zebra, so vynjkt is not more likely to be in a tree than wwefvbtj
fijquijuj is a bird, xcvvuasaiz is a zebra, so xcvvuasaiz is not more likely to be in a tree than fijquijuj
bgkql is a fish, jsgkxwfva is a lobster, so bgkql is more likely to live underwater than jsgkxwfva
cjxeoxm is a fish, fhjwk is a lobster, so cjxeoxm is more likely to live underwater than fhjwk
fmf is a fish, jqxrzdnvfu is a lobster, so fmf is more likely to live underwater than jqxrzdnvfu
hjsaov is a fish, qnpdash is a lobster, so hjsaov is more likely to live underwater than qnpdash
qlgpt is a fish, yttwfrnjcoo is a lobster, so qlgpt is more likely to live underwater than yttwfrnjcoo
bgkql is a fish, jsgkxwfva is a lobster, so jsgkxwfva is less likely to live underwater than bgkql
cjxeoxm is a fish, fhjwk is a lobster, so fhjwk is less likely to live underwater than cjxeoxm
fmf is a fish, jqxrzdnvfu is a lobster, so jqxrzdnvfu is less likely to live underwater than fmf
hjsaov is a fish, qnpdash is a lobster, so qnpdash is less likely to live underwater than hjsaov
qlgpt is a fish, yttwfrnjcoo is a lobster, so yttwfrnjcoo is less likely to live underwater than qlgpt
edm is a fish, ajjsx is a lobster, so edm is not less likely to live underwater than ajjsx
rxkedr is a fish, fyugemqwwl is a lobster, so rxkedr is not less likely to live underwater than fyugemqwwl
huzn is a fish, htquywteivp is a lobster, so huzn is not less likely to live underwater than htquywteivp
gdooyt is a fish, gvnbj is a lobster, so gdooyt is not less likely to live underwater than gvnbj
ixhiyntdw is a fish, frqaqkaa is a lobster, so ixhiyntdw is not less likely to live underwater than frqaqkaa
ajjsx is a fish, edm is a lobster, so edm is not more likely to live underwater than ajjsx
fyugemqwwl is a fish, rxkedr is a lobster, so rxkedr is not more likely to live underwater than fyugemqwwl
htquywteivp is a fish, huzn is a lobster, so huzn is not more likely to live underwater than htquywteivp
gvnbj is a fish, gdooyt is a lobster, so gdooyt is not more likely to live underwater than gvnbj
frqaqkaa is a fish, ixhiyntdw is a lobster, so ixhiyntdw is not more likely to live underwater than frqaqkaa
lgzgcgvxat is a bird, mzbbz is a hippopotamus, so lgzgcgvxat is more likely to be on a roof than mzbbz
euxk is a bird, erypaqatxe is a hippopotamus, so euxk is more likely to be on a roof than erypaqatxe
ztgqltjbbix is a bird, vrzj is a hippopotamus, so ztgqltjbbix is more likely to be on a roof than vrzj
uylxodpd is a bird, fsycsmiicp is a hippopotamus, so uylxodpd is more likely to be on a roof than fsycsmiicp
imntfnkysjjg is a bird, kryfmidtmky is a hippopotamus, so imntfnkysjjg is more likely to be on a roof than kryfmidtmky
lgzgcgvxat is a bird, mzbbz is a hippopotamus, so mzbbz is less likely to be on a roof than lgzgcgvxat
euxk is a bird, erypaqatxe is a hippopotamus, so erypaqatxe is less likely to be on a roof than euxk
ztgqltjbbix is a bird, vrzj is a hippopotamus, so vrzj is less likely to be on a roof than ztgqltjbbix
uylxodpd is a bird, fsycsmiicp is a hippopotamus, so fsycsmiicp is less likely to be on a roof than uylxodpd
imntfnkysjjg is a bird, kryfmidtmky is a hippopotamus, so kryfmidtmky is less likely to be on a roof than imntfnkysjjg
ymqde is a bird, zqhg is a hippopotamus, so ymqde is not less likely to be on a roof than zqhg
owryewshg is a bird, taaknpipume is a hippopotamus, so owryewshg is not less likely to be on a roof than taaknpipume
gqtaimqotub is a bird, xqjyo is a hippopotamus, so gqtaimqotub is not less likely to be on a roof than xqjyo
huwramjuwht is a bird, ccugcezxie is a hippopotamus, so huwramjuwht is not less likely to be on a roof than ccugcezxie
jivwlirfdmu is a bird, hdz is a hippopotamus, so jivwlirfdmu is not less likely to be on a roof than hdz
zqhg is a bird, ymqde is a hippopotamus, so ymqde is not more likely to be on a roof than zqhg
taaknpipume is a bird, owryewshg is a hippopotamus, so owryewshg is not more likely to be on a roof than taaknpipume
xqjyo is a bird, gqtaimqotub is a hippopotamus, so gqtaimqotub is not more likely to be on a roof than xqjyo
ccugcezxie is a bird, huwramjuwht is a hippopotamus, so huwramjuwht is not more likely to be on a roof than ccugcezxie
hdz is a bird, jivwlirfdmu is a hippopotamus, so jivwlirfdmu is not more likely to be on a roof than hdz
pikfbeza is a bee, liqbfapcz is a dolphin, so pikfbeza is more likely to be in a meadow than liqbfapcz
amauqybyjwn is a bee, ujyssrdqzrr is a dolphin, so amauqybyjwn is more likely to be in a meadow than ujyssrdqzrr
yqg is a bee, vqgtmpvn is a dolphin, so yqg is more likely to be in a meadow than vqgtmpvn
vdfigslew is a bee, qepodxpxiy is a dolphin, so vdfigslew is more likely to be in a meadow than qepodxpxiy
xbdtchy is a bee, ocexdftnjxxp is a dolphin, so xbdtchy is more likely to be in a meadow than ocexdftnjxxp
pikfbeza is a bee, liqbfapcz is a dolphin, so liqbfapcz is less likely to be in a meadow than pikfbeza
amauqybyjwn is a bee, ujyssrdqzrr is a dolphin, so ujyssrdqzrr is less likely to be in a meadow than amauqybyjwn
yqg is a bee, vqgtmpvn is a dolphin, so vqgtmpvn is less likely to be in a meadow than yqg
vdfigslew is a bee, qepodxpxiy is a dolphin, so qepodxpxiy is less likely to be in a meadow than vdfigslew
xbdtchy is a bee, ocexdftnjxxp is a dolphin, so ocexdftnjxxp is less likely to be in a meadow than xbdtchy
ddiemjae is a bee, qntricp is a dolphin, so ddiemjae is not less likely to be in a meadow than qntricp
vizyxvgt is a bee, crowvn is a dolphin, so vizyxvgt is not less likely to be in a meadow than crowvn
fjndarloi is a bee, qcce is a dolphin, so fjndarloi is not less likely to be in a meadow than qcce
sgvn is a bee, mxplhiy is a dolphin, so sgvn is not less likely to be in a meadow than mxplhiy
mygvktzvn is a bee, vtxhlkhfg is a dolphin, so mygvktzvn is not less likely to be in a meadow than vtxhlkhfg
qntricp is a bee, ddiemjae is a dolphin, so ddiemjae is not more likely to be in a meadow than qntricp
crowvn is a bee, vizyxvgt is a dolphin, so vizyxvgt is not more likely to be in a meadow than crowvn
qcce is a bee, fjndarloi is a dolphin, so fjndarloi is not more likely to be in a meadow than qcce
mxplhiy is a bee, sgvn is a dolphin, so sgvn is not more likely to be in a meadow than mxplhiy
vtxhlkhfg is a bee, mygvktzvn is a dolphin, so mygvktzvn is not more likely to be in a meadow than vtxhlkhfg
wfwifsskk is a fish, pbfigz is a rat, so wfwifsskk is more likely to live in lakes than pbfigz
qzp is a fish, epuyleawkt is a rat, so qzp is more likely to live in lakes than epuyleawkt
rrls is a fish, minhqkfugs is a rat, so rrls is more likely to live in lakes than minhqkfugs
lctoerjxtu is a fish, oewxomenr is a rat, so lctoerjxtu is more likely to live in lakes than oewxomenr
solbdn is a fish, xblm is a rat, so solbdn is more likely to live in lakes than xblm
wfwifsskk is a fish, pbfigz is a rat, so pbfigz is less likely to live in lakes than wfwifsskk
qzp is a fish, epuyleawkt is a rat, so epuyleawkt is less likely to live in lakes than qzp
rrls is a fish, minhqkfugs is a rat, so minhqkfugs is less likely to live in lakes than rrls
lctoerjxtu is a fish, oewxomenr is a rat, so oewxomenr is less likely to live in lakes than lctoerjxtu
solbdn is a fish, xblm is a rat, so xblm is less likely to live in lakes than solbdn
irdimrnna is a fish, hixa is a rat, so irdimrnna is not less likely to live in lakes than hixa
plloz is a fish, zpvkukmey is a rat, so plloz is not less likely to live in lakes than zpvkukmey
ldgdlyssnfh is a fish, yrjnvbti is a rat, so ldgdlyssnfh is not less likely to live in lakes than yrjnvbti
jszjol is a fish, ackugdr is a rat, so jszjol is not less likely to live in lakes than ackugdr
qqxk is a fish, mrj is a rat, so qqxk is not less likely to live in lakes than mrj
hixa is a fish, irdimrnna is a rat, so irdimrnna is not more likely to live in lakes than hixa
zpvkukmey is a fish, plloz is a rat, so plloz is not more likely to live in lakes than zpvkukmey
yrjnvbti is a fish, ldgdlyssnfh is a rat, so ldgdlyssnfh is not more likely to live in lakes than yrjnvbti
ackugdr is a fish, jszjol is a rat, so jszjol is not more likely to live in lakes than ackugdr
mrj is a fish, qqxk is a rat, so qqxk is not more likely to live in lakes than mrj
cmy is a bear, iqiklfdzkt is a cat, so cmy is more likely to hunt a rabbit than iqiklfdzkt
nrpbkpxgnum is a bear, eyfsanbxur is a cat, so nrpbkpxgnum is more likely to hunt a rabbit than eyfsanbxur
xvwvkiyzjy is a bear, qowime is a cat, so xvwvkiyzjy is more likely to hunt a rabbit than qowime
mghdbw is a bear, wlkkrragv is a cat, so mghdbw is more likely to hunt a rabbit than wlkkrragv
jxwmfjkhpn is a bear, ersbuqobnuaj is a cat, so jxwmfjkhpn is more likely to hunt a rabbit than ersbuqobnuaj
cmy is a bear, iqiklfdzkt is a cat, so iqiklfdzkt is less likely to hunt a rabbit than cmy
nrpbkpxgnum is a bear, eyfsanbxur is a cat, so eyfsanbxur is less likely to hunt a rabbit than nrpbkpxgnum
xvwvkiyzjy is a bear, qowime is a cat, so qowime is less likely to hunt a rabbit than xvwvkiyzjy
mghdbw is a bear, wlkkrragv is a cat, so wlkkrragv is less likely to hunt a rabbit than mghdbw
jxwmfjkhpn is a bear, ersbuqobnuaj is a cat, so ersbuqobnuaj is less likely to hunt a rabbit than jxwmfjkhpn
tlgzkra is a bear, gfizrd is a cat, so tlgzkra is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than gfizrd
inytq is a bear, ktjrsjiljpt is a cat, so inytq is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than ktjrsjiljpt
fmbpb is a bear, nvggprpuvqfx is a cat, so fmbpb is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than nvggprpuvqfx
hqgblxterd is a bear, juoksxbhk is a cat, so hqgblxterd is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than juoksxbhk
zhemmmstarif is a bear, dlk is a cat, so zhemmmstarif is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than dlk
gfizrd is a bear, tlgzkra is a cat, so tlgzkra is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than gfizrd
ktjrsjiljpt is a bear, inytq is a cat, so inytq is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than ktjrsjiljpt
nvggprpuvqfx is a bear, fmbpb is a cat, so fmbpb is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than nvggprpuvqfx
juoksxbhk is a bear, hqgblxterd is a cat, so hqgblxterd is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than juoksxbhk
dlk is a bear, zhemmmstarif is a cat, so zhemmmstarif is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than dlk
hsxwdpcl is a cat, iixnyglboiu is a snail, so hsxwdpcl is less likely to corner a mouse than iixnyglboiu
wbxkwtatalwc is a cat, txsbdqps is a snail, so wbxkwtatalwc is less likely to corner a mouse than txsbdqps
xsew is a cat, wuqbfcah is a snail, so xsew is less likely to corner a mouse than wuqbfcah
cemmyvrye is a cat, wadcvbxlnaue is a snail, so cemmyvrye is less likely to corner a mouse than wadcvbxlnaue
ncqxd is a cat, xxjgoxaqbf is a snail, so ncqxd is less likely to corner a mouse than xxjgoxaqbf
hsxwdpcl is a cat, iixnyglboiu is a snail, so iixnyglboiu is less likely to corner a mouse than hsxwdpcl
wbxkwtatalwc is a cat, txsbdqps is a snail, so txsbdqps is less likely to corner a mouse than wbxkwtatalwc
xsew is a cat, wuqbfcah is a snail, so wuqbfcah is less likely to corner a mouse than xsew
cemmyvrye is a cat, wadcvbxlnaue is a snail, so wadcvbxlnaue is less likely to corner a mouse than cemmyvrye
ncqxd is a cat, xxjgoxaqbf is a snail, so xxjgoxaqbf is less likely to corner a mouse than ncqxd
bemjebi is a cat, gsbfeyw is a snail, so bemjebi is not less likely to corner a mouse than gsbfeyw
wbfobe is a cat, uxwdnx is a snail, so wbfobe is not less likely to corner a mouse than uxwdnx
pfpowd is a cat, fhrgfe is a snail, so pfpowd is not less likely to corner a mouse than fhrgfe
ckqwiaslatuh is a cat, opnthyni is a snail, so ckqwiaslatuh is not less likely to corner a mouse than opnthyni
jwdharz is a cat, wcttohmlgnv is a snail, so jwdharz is not less likely to corner a mouse than wcttohmlgnv
gsbfeyw is a cat, bemjebi is a snail, so bemjebi is not more likely to corner a mouse than gsbfeyw
uxwdnx is a cat, wbfobe is a snail, so wbfobe is not more likely to corner a mouse than uxwdnx
fhrgfe is a cat, pfpowd is a snail, so pfpowd is not more likely to corner a mouse than fhrgfe
opnthyni is a cat, ckqwiaslatuh is a snail, so ckqwiaslatuh is not more likely to corner a mouse than opnthyni
wcttohmlgnv is a cat, jwdharz is a snail, so jwdharz is not more likely to corner a mouse than wcttohmlgnv
uxdjbcvpi is a cow, xymyt is a rabbit, so uxdjbcvpi is less low at milking time than xymyt
eyjmwtosiq is a cow, nzgtlxjm is a rabbit, so eyjmwtosiq is less low at milking time than nzgtlxjm
uwldlskud is a cow, qko is a rabbit, so uwldlskud is less low at milking time than qko
yetafzsiuzb is a cow, leejnxb is a rabbit, so yetafzsiuzb is less low at milking time than leejnxb
xmmfi is a cow, wzgs is a rabbit, so xmmfi is less low at milking time than wzgs
uxdjbcvpi is a cow, xymyt is a rabbit, so xymyt is less low at milking time than uxdjbcvpi
eyjmwtosiq is a cow, nzgtlxjm is a rabbit, so nzgtlxjm is less low at milking time than eyjmwtosiq
uwldlskud is a cow, qko is a rabbit, so qko is less low at milking time than uwldlskud
yetafzsiuzb is a cow, leejnxb is a rabbit, so leejnxb is less low at milking time than yetafzsiuzb
xmmfi is a cow, wzgs is a rabbit, so wzgs is less low at milking time than xmmfi
xjifloeiqo is a cow, csdhkfnzkrcz is a rabbit, so xjifloeiqo is not less low at milking time than csdhkfnzkrcz
ipkiqxdev is a cow, ftwfdluxeko is a rabbit, so ipkiqxdev is not less low at milking time than ftwfdluxeko
wqiunqfk is a cow, rtpqxpcwtkl is a rabbit, so wqiunqfk is not less low at milking time than rtpqxpcwtkl
whgh is a cow, pqrxzdlcu is a rabbit, so whgh is not less low at milking time than pqrxzdlcu
mzzgtysego is a cow, vopo is a rabbit, so mzzgtysego is not less low at milking time than vopo
csdhkfnzkrcz is a cow, xjifloeiqo is a rabbit, so xjifloeiqo is not more low at milking time than csdhkfnzkrcz
ftwfdluxeko is a cow, ipkiqxdev is a rabbit, so ipkiqxdev is not more low at milking time than ftwfdluxeko
rtpqxpcwtkl is a cow, wqiunqfk is a rabbit, so wqiunqfk is not more low at milking time than rtpqxpcwtkl
pqrxzdlcu is a cow, whgh is a rabbit, so whgh is not more low at milking time than pqrxzdlcu
vopo is a cow, mzzgtysego is a rabbit, so mzzgtysego is not more low at milking time than vopo
cxlfqkmskh is a alligator, gsp is a dolphin, so cxlfqkmskh is more likely to be in a swamp than gsp
jwfjgorjhejm is a alligator, chzsf is a dolphin, so jwfjgorjhejm is more likely to be in a swamp than chzsf
gulwair is a alligator, vnxgk is a dolphin, so gulwair is more likely to be in a swamp than vnxgk
ltzuuyauudi is a alligator, tuokwkpgxbc is a dolphin, so ltzuuyauudi is more likely to be in a swamp than tuokwkpgxbc
dnfvd is a alligator, hpsp is a dolphin, so dnfvd is more likely to be in a swamp than hpsp
cxlfqkmskh is a alligator, gsp is a dolphin, so gsp is less likely to be in a swamp than cxlfqkmskh
jwfjgorjhejm is a alligator, chzsf is a dolphin, so chzsf is less likely to be in a swamp than jwfjgorjhejm
gulwair is a alligator, vnxgk is a dolphin, so vnxgk is less likely to be in a swamp than gulwair
ltzuuyauudi is a alligator, tuokwkpgxbc is a dolphin, so tuokwkpgxbc is less likely to be in a swamp than ltzuuyauudi
dnfvd is a alligator, hpsp is a dolphin, so hpsp is less likely to be in a swamp than dnfvd
qcjnjzk is a alligator, izf is a dolphin, so qcjnjzk is not less likely to be in a swamp than izf
emkmptt is a alligator, vdl is a dolphin, so emkmptt is not less likely to be in a swamp than vdl
uukowfnjc is a alligator, saqkx is a dolphin, so uukowfnjc is not less likely to be in a swamp than saqkx
tkwr is a alligator, qagfeclexz is a dolphin, so tkwr is not less likely to be in a swamp than qagfeclexz
bdhv is a alligator, rymm is a dolphin, so bdhv is not less likely to be in a swamp than rymm
izf is a alligator, qcjnjzk is a dolphin, so qcjnjzk is not more likely to be in a swamp than izf
vdl is a alligator, emkmptt is a dolphin, so emkmptt is not more likely to be in a swamp than vdl
saqkx is a alligator, uukowfnjc is a dolphin, so uukowfnjc is not more likely to be in a swamp than saqkx
qagfeclexz is a alligator, tkwr is a dolphin, so tkwr is not more likely to be in a swamp than qagfeclexz
rymm is a alligator, bdhv is a dolphin, so bdhv is not more likely to be in a swamp than rymm
lmeccvjawlx is a tiger, ltumdr is a rabbit, so lmeccvjawlx is more likely to spring from the bush than ltumdr
kscjm is a tiger, osnnwnjfrtgi is a rabbit, so kscjm is more likely to spring from the bush than osnnwnjfrtgi
lwuqxsjhuy is a tiger, xndx is a rabbit, so lwuqxsjhuy is more likely to spring from the bush than xndx
aqhhykvylykm is a tiger, xrtgahoz is a rabbit, so aqhhykvylykm is more likely to spring from the bush than xrtgahoz
acl is a tiger, tpswopwqyav is a rabbit, so acl is more likely to spring from the bush than tpswopwqyav
lmeccvjawlx is a tiger, ltumdr is a rabbit, so ltumdr is less likely to spring from the bush than lmeccvjawlx
kscjm is a tiger, osnnwnjfrtgi is a rabbit, so osnnwnjfrtgi is less likely to spring from the bush than kscjm
lwuqxsjhuy is a tiger, xndx is a rabbit, so xndx is less likely to spring from the bush than lwuqxsjhuy
aqhhykvylykm is a tiger, xrtgahoz is a rabbit, so xrtgahoz is less likely to spring from the bush than aqhhykvylykm
acl is a tiger, tpswopwqyav is a rabbit, so tpswopwqyav is less likely to spring from the bush than acl
pqgcvjxmv is a tiger, epbay is a rabbit, so pqgcvjxmv is not less likely to spring from the bush than epbay
pffjk is a tiger, hsbvjtos is a rabbit, so pffjk is not less likely to spring from the bush than hsbvjtos
juefndcsw is a tiger, zrrai is a rabbit, so juefndcsw is not less likely to spring from the bush than zrrai
xvt is a tiger, lrdcidvgalxh is a rabbit, so xvt is not less likely to spring from the bush than lrdcidvgalxh
xwoopfbx is a tiger, xdkwqkav is a rabbit, so xwoopfbx is not less likely to spring from the bush than xdkwqkav
epbay is a tiger, pqgcvjxmv is a rabbit, so pqgcvjxmv does not spring from the bush more than epbay
hsbvjtos is a tiger, pffjk is a rabbit, so pffjk does not spring from the bush more than hsbvjtos
zrrai is a tiger, juefndcsw is a rabbit, so juefndcsw does not spring from the bush more than zrrai
lrdcidvgalxh is a tiger, xvt is a rabbit, so xvt does not spring from the bush more than lrdcidvgalxh
xdkwqkav is a tiger, xwoopfbx is a rabbit, so xwoopfbx does not spring from the bush more than xdkwqkav
bfnsmztr is a bird, mhoj is a eagle, so bfnsmztr is more likely to build a nest than mhoj
pkmz is a bird, ettcnu is a eagle, so pkmz is more likely to build a nest than ettcnu
nyglwrnrp is a bird, ttk is a eagle, so nyglwrnrp is more likely to build a nest than ttk
trbuccykgvc is a bird, uokpnjxi is a eagle, so trbuccykgvc is more likely to build a nest than uokpnjxi
doszk is a bird, esyfo is a eagle, so doszk is more likely to build a nest than esyfo
bfnsmztr is a bird, mhoj is a eagle, so mhoj is more likely to build a nest than bfnsmztr
pkmz is a bird, ettcnu is a eagle, so ettcnu is more likely to build a nest than pkmz
nyglwrnrp is a bird, ttk is a eagle, so ttk is more likely to build a nest than nyglwrnrp
trbuccykgvc is a bird, uokpnjxi is a eagle, so uokpnjxi is more likely to build a nest than trbuccykgvc
doszk is a bird, esyfo is a eagle, so esyfo is more likely to build a nest than doszk
winnriu is a bird, kowpm is a eagle, so winnriu is not less likely to build a nest than kowpm
coaxgvnzwyhb is a bird, gakftbzpzsff is a eagle, so coaxgvnzwyhb is not less likely to build a nest than gakftbzpzsff
vfujrlagilz is a bird, calxvltsq is a eagle, so vfujrlagilz is not less likely to build a nest than calxvltsq
pmmlubfj is a bird, fnle is a eagle, so pmmlubfj is not less likely to build a nest than fnle
vgmcd is a bird, ywrpeptlswz is a eagle, so vgmcd is not less likely to build a nest than ywrpeptlswz
kowpm is a bird, winnriu is a eagle, so winnriu is not more likely to build a nest than kowpm
gakftbzpzsff is a bird, coaxgvnzwyhb is a eagle, so coaxgvnzwyhb is not more likely to build a nest than gakftbzpzsff
calxvltsq is a bird, vfujrlagilz is a eagle, so vfujrlagilz is not more likely to build a nest than calxvltsq
fnle is a bird, pmmlubfj is a eagle, so pmmlubfj is not more likely to build a nest than fnle
ywrpeptlswz is a bird, vgmcd is a eagle, so vgmcd is not more likely to build a nest than ywrpeptlswz
algcnvrvvpnm is a monkey, vdpranqr is a eagle, so algcnvrvvpnm is more likely to be in the circus than vdpranqr
tpyyzugooezq is a monkey, kqd is a eagle, so tpyyzugooezq is more likely to be in the circus than kqd
ovx is a monkey, xjs is a eagle, so ovx is more likely to be in the circus than xjs
babtqavufh is a monkey, fqsimlpjimu is a eagle, so babtqavufh is more likely to be in the circus than fqsimlpjimu
juwmrwxwnxzn is a monkey, zipz is a eagle, so juwmrwxwnxzn is more likely to be in the circus than zipz
algcnvrvvpnm is a monkey, vdpranqr is a eagle, so vdpranqr is less likely to be in the circus than algcnvrvvpnm
tpyyzugooezq is a monkey, kqd is a eagle, so kqd is less likely to be in the circus than tpyyzugooezq
ovx is a monkey, xjs is a eagle, so xjs is less likely to be in the circus than ovx
babtqavufh is a monkey, fqsimlpjimu is a eagle, so fqsimlpjimu is less likely to be in the circus than babtqavufh
juwmrwxwnxzn is a monkey, zipz is a eagle, so zipz is less likely to be in the circus than juwmrwxwnxzn
lhw is a monkey, uijltcibht is a eagle, so lhw is not less likely to be in the circus than uijltcibht
tcfilys is a monkey, cranwgvnugz is a eagle, so tcfilys is not less likely to be in the circus than cranwgvnugz
ewii is a monkey, ppt is a eagle, so ewii is not less likely to be in the circus than ppt
zzsywridbhtl is a monkey, qvaq is a eagle, so zzsywridbhtl is not less likely to be in the circus than qvaq
ggbotasro is a monkey, mztquomfx is a eagle, so ggbotasro is not less likely to be in the circus than mztquomfx
uijltcibht is a monkey, lhw is a eagle, so lhw is not more likely to be in the circus than uijltcibht
cranwgvnugz is a monkey, tcfilys is a eagle, so tcfilys is not more likely to be in the circus than cranwgvnugz
ppt is a monkey, ewii is a eagle, so ewii is not more likely to be in the circus than ppt
qvaq is a monkey, zzsywridbhtl is a eagle, so zzsywridbhtl is not more likely to be in the circus than qvaq
mztquomfx is a monkey, ggbotasro is a eagle, so ggbotasro is not more likely to be in the circus than mztquomfx
idlrvmrt is a rat, bmaucdjjlc is a camel, so idlrvmrt is more likely to be a pet than bmaucdjjlc
lwy is a rat, cacjuuglijd is a camel, so lwy is more likely to be a pet than cacjuuglijd
yiiyfzfrwdu is a rat, bnatrqxmgpnj is a camel, so yiiyfzfrwdu is more likely to be a pet than bnatrqxmgpnj
mbb is a rat, zki is a camel, so mbb is more likely to be a pet than zki
qciczhqduiu is a rat, wyfhjq is a camel, so qciczhqduiu is more likely to be a pet than wyfhjq
idlrvmrt is a rat, bmaucdjjlc is a camel, so bmaucdjjlc is less likely to be a pet than idlrvmrt
lwy is a rat, cacjuuglijd is a camel, so cacjuuglijd is less likely to be a pet than lwy
yiiyfzfrwdu is a rat, bnatrqxmgpnj is a camel, so bnatrqxmgpnj is less likely to be a pet than yiiyfzfrwdu
mbb is a rat, zki is a camel, so zki is less likely to be a pet than mbb
qciczhqduiu is a rat, wyfhjq is a camel, so wyfhjq is less likely to be a pet than qciczhqduiu
rimpgy is a rat, eiwxeed is a camel, so rimpgy is not more likely to be a pet than eiwxeed
fnkiq is a rat, vrigexc is a camel, so fnkiq is not more likely to be a pet than vrigexc
stqujqehipfo is a rat, hwqilrwuxeqr is a camel, so stqujqehipfo is not more likely to be a pet than hwqilrwuxeqr
okgkmnd is a rat, xqi is a camel, so okgkmnd is not more likely to be a pet than xqi
xfsfcpyyge is a rat, vepc is a camel, so xfsfcpyyge is not more likely to be a pet than vepc
eiwxeed is a rat, rimpgy is a camel, so rimpgy is not more likely to be a pet than eiwxeed
vrigexc is a rat, fnkiq is a camel, so fnkiq is not more likely to be a pet than vrigexc
hwqilrwuxeqr is a rat, stqujqehipfo is a camel, so stqujqehipfo is not more likely to be a pet than hwqilrwuxeqr
xqi is a rat, okgkmnd is a camel, so okgkmnd is not more likely to be a pet than xqi
vepc is a rat, xfsfcpyyge is a camel, so xfsfcpyyge is not more likely to be a pet than vepc
kakxlrix is a bird, evqxiycctdm is a chicken, so kakxlrix is more likely to be in a nest than evqxiycctdm
hpr is a bird, yakxhofygahx is a chicken, so hpr is more likely to be in a nest than yakxhofygahx
zfdtxjraw is a bird, uvg is a chicken, so zfdtxjraw is more likely to be in a nest than uvg
vqtndcad is a bird, mlsqybloxqos is a chicken, so vqtndcad is more likely to be in a nest than mlsqybloxqos
jvatsf is a bird, rfdk is a chicken, so jvatsf is more likely to be in a nest than rfdk
kakxlrix is a bird, evqxiycctdm is a chicken, so evqxiycctdm is less likely to be in a nest than kakxlrix
hpr is a bird, yakxhofygahx is a chicken, so yakxhofygahx is less likely to be in a nest than hpr
zfdtxjraw is a bird, uvg is a chicken, so uvg is less likely to be in a nest than zfdtxjraw
vqtndcad is a bird, mlsqybloxqos is a chicken, so mlsqybloxqos is less likely to be in a nest than vqtndcad
jvatsf is a bird, rfdk is a chicken, so rfdk is less likely to be in a nest than jvatsf
lgmexilubmn is a bird, xclqfuz is a chicken, so lgmexilubmn is not less likely to be in a nest than xclqfuz
wtigzhg is a bird, brqqi is a chicken, so wtigzhg is not less likely to be in a nest than brqqi
yuncvocfhfvp is a bird, xup is a chicken, so yuncvocfhfvp is not less likely to be in a nest than xup
vxufexrvigf is a bird, tse is a chicken, so vxufexrvigf is not less likely to be in a nest than tse
nrnzxqg is a bird, rovtrqc is a chicken, so nrnzxqg is not less likely to be in a nest than rovtrqc
xclqfuz is a bird, lgmexilubmn is a chicken, so lgmexilubmn is not more likely to be in a nest than xclqfuz
brqqi is a bird, wtigzhg is a chicken, so wtigzhg is not more likely to be in a nest than brqqi
xup is a bird, yuncvocfhfvp is a chicken, so yuncvocfhfvp is not more likely to be in a nest than xup
tse is a bird, vxufexrvigf is a chicken, so vxufexrvigf is not more likely to be in a nest than tse
rovtrqc is a bird, nrnzxqg is a chicken, so nrnzxqg is not more likely to be in a nest than rovtrqc
wbhi is a rat, axbmobfun is a deer, so wbhi is more likely to be in a maze than axbmobfun
ignxslpkwqg is a rat, bndarf is a deer, so ignxslpkwqg is more likely to be in a maze than bndarf
jwqskfynlz is a rat, cwndfvei is a deer, so jwqskfynlz is more likely to be in a maze than cwndfvei
gvqxczb is a rat, douxizkncslr is a deer, so gvqxczb is more likely to be in a maze than douxizkncslr
zbnzrmtryl is a rat, rrsfdgarcf is a deer, so zbnzrmtryl is more likely to be in a maze than rrsfdgarcf
wbhi is a rat, axbmobfun is a deer, so axbmobfun is less likely to be in a maze than wbhi
ignxslpkwqg is a rat, bndarf is a deer, so bndarf is less likely to be in a maze than ignxslpkwqg
jwqskfynlz is a rat, cwndfvei is a deer, so cwndfvei is less likely to be in a maze than jwqskfynlz
gvqxczb is a rat, douxizkncslr is a deer, so douxizkncslr is less likely to be in a maze than gvqxczb
zbnzrmtryl is a rat, rrsfdgarcf is a deer, so rrsfdgarcf is less likely to be in a maze than zbnzrmtryl
hewmgiby is a rat, ipxm is a deer, so hewmgiby is not less likely to be in a maze than ipxm
vmuonxpkc is a rat, xko is a deer, so vmuonxpkc is not less likely to be in a maze than xko
vszb is a rat, dyhkxvolbq is a deer, so vszb is not less likely to be in a maze than dyhkxvolbq
ioiuxlphoxi is a rat, xcbpocjrovzd is a deer, so ioiuxlphoxi is not less likely to be in a maze than xcbpocjrovzd
ilkxwf is a rat, bvuzkwcvul is a deer, so ilkxwf is not less likely to be in a maze than bvuzkwcvul
ipxm is a rat, hewmgiby is a deer, so hewmgiby is not more likely to be in a maze than ipxm
xko is a rat, vmuonxpkc is a deer, so vmuonxpkc is not more likely to be in a maze than xko
dyhkxvolbq is a rat, vszb is a deer, so vszb is not more likely to be in a maze than dyhkxvolbq
xcbpocjrovzd is a rat, ioiuxlphoxi is a deer, so ioiuxlphoxi is not more likely to be in a maze than xcbpocjrovzd
bvuzkwcvul is a rat, ilkxwf is a deer, so ilkxwf is not more likely to be in a maze than bvuzkwcvul
ijeuvjzph is a cat, dktl is a horse, so ijeuvjzph is more likely to kill birds than dktl
hxdrvsjiwm is a cat, rrsuyaainlzf is a horse, so hxdrvsjiwm is more likely to kill birds than rrsuyaainlzf
rehf is a cat, qvb is a horse, so rehf is more likely to kill birds than qvb
oalepgenec is a cat, eelkui is a horse, so oalepgenec is more likely to kill birds than eelkui
usirt is a cat, rtanc is a horse, so usirt is more likely to kill birds than rtanc
ijeuvjzph is a cat, dktl is a horse, so dktl is less likely to kill birds than ijeuvjzph
hxdrvsjiwm is a cat, rrsuyaainlzf is a horse, so rrsuyaainlzf is less likely to kill birds than hxdrvsjiwm
rehf is a cat, qvb is a horse, so qvb is less likely to kill birds than rehf
oalepgenec is a cat, eelkui is a horse, so eelkui is less likely to kill birds than oalepgenec
usirt is a cat, rtanc is a horse, so rtanc is less likely to kill birds than usirt
mregnbhuivv is a cat, kkquxpba is a horse, so mregnbhuivv is not less likely to kill birds than kkquxpba
rexwwopmmteh is a cat, oyxp is a horse, so rexwwopmmteh is not less likely to kill birds than oyxp
kdzatmarh is a cat, fxr is a horse, so kdzatmarh is not less likely to kill birds than fxr
ddjs is a cat, cblbmrpheg is a horse, so ddjs is not less likely to kill birds than cblbmrpheg
axogar is a cat, qeaaxdz is a horse, so axogar is not less likely to kill birds than qeaaxdz
kkquxpba is a cat, mregnbhuivv is a horse, so mregnbhuivv is not more likely to kill birds than kkquxpba
oyxp is a cat, rexwwopmmteh is a horse, so rexwwopmmteh is not more likely to kill birds than oyxp
fxr is a cat, kdzatmarh is a horse, so kdzatmarh is not more likely to kill birds than fxr
cblbmrpheg is a cat, ddjs is a horse, so ddjs is not more likely to kill birds than cblbmrpheg
qeaaxdz is a cat, axogar is a horse, so axogar is not more likely to kill birds than qeaaxdz
klf is a horse, fwgriqowqkzs is a cat, so klf is more likely to run in a pasture than fwgriqowqkzs
uhelayiafa is a horse, qhpduyjxjfk is a cat, so uhelayiafa is more likely to run in a pasture than qhpduyjxjfk
axvfcvvwrey is a horse, dfzpcygpohxo is a cat, so axvfcvvwrey is more likely to run in a pasture than dfzpcygpohxo
ncatzwhh is a horse, qywbbtwwmnr is a cat, so ncatzwhh is more likely to run in a pasture than qywbbtwwmnr
quzgsogpxr is a horse, bflpry is a cat, so quzgsogpxr is more likely to run in a pasture than bflpry
klf is a horse, fwgriqowqkzs is a cat, so fwgriqowqkzs is less likely to run in a pasture than klf
uhelayiafa is a horse, qhpduyjxjfk is a cat, so qhpduyjxjfk is less likely to run in a pasture than uhelayiafa
axvfcvvwrey is a horse, dfzpcygpohxo is a cat, so dfzpcygpohxo is less likely to run in a pasture than axvfcvvwrey
ncatzwhh is a horse, qywbbtwwmnr is a cat, so qywbbtwwmnr is less likely to run in a pasture than ncatzwhh
quzgsogpxr is a horse, bflpry is a cat, so bflpry is less likely to run in a pasture than quzgsogpxr
opczu is a horse, apgxmyqp is a cat, so opczu is not more likely to run in a pasture than apgxmyqp
xoezvkxzoi is a horse, pvm is a cat, so xoezvkxzoi is not more likely to run in a pasture than pvm
tnuqpjvpsne is a horse, mfdos is a cat, so tnuqpjvpsne is not more likely to run in a pasture than mfdos
cdxswma is a horse, ufyzrlaw is a cat, so cdxswma is not more likely to run in a pasture than ufyzrlaw
qiivuotwcw is a horse, uxzpwobpu is a cat, so qiivuotwcw is not more likely to run in a pasture than uxzpwobpu
apgxmyqp is a horse, opczu is a cat, so opczu is not more likely to run in a pasture than apgxmyqp
pvm is a horse, xoezvkxzoi is a cat, so xoezvkxzoi is not more likely to run in a pasture than pvm
mfdos is a horse, tnuqpjvpsne is a cat, so tnuqpjvpsne is not more likely to run in a pasture than mfdos
ufyzrlaw is a horse, cdxswma is a cat, so cdxswma is not more likely to run in a pasture than ufyzrlaw
uxzpwobpu is a horse, qiivuotwcw is a cat, so qiivuotwcw is not more likely to run in a pasture than uxzpwobpu
tbg is a horse, jevrcuvszxmk is a bird, so tbg is more likely to be in a stall than jevrcuvszxmk
nsvxyyrcifjx is a horse, yenxg is a bird, so nsvxyyrcifjx is more likely to be in a stall than yenxg
tnpmecq is a horse, app is a bird, so tnpmecq is more likely to be in a stall than app
kmz is a horse, jcrtcajiyoan is a bird, so kmz is more likely to be in a stall than jcrtcajiyoan
tijdxghxro is a horse, vrmgfffz is a bird, so tijdxghxro is more likely to be in a stall than vrmgfffz
tbg is a horse, jevrcuvszxmk is a bird, so jevrcuvszxmk is less likely to be in the stall than tbg
nsvxyyrcifjx is a horse, yenxg is a bird, so yenxg is less likely to be in the stall than nsvxyyrcifjx
tnpmecq is a horse, app is a bird, so app is less likely to be in the stall than tnpmecq
kmz is a horse, jcrtcajiyoan is a bird, so jcrtcajiyoan is less likely to be in the stall than kmz
tijdxghxro is a horse, vrmgfffz is a bird, so vrmgfffz is less likely to be in the stall than tijdxghxro
cihdjgith is a horse, gxnpoahhvci is a bird, so cihdjgith is not less likely to be in a stall than gxnpoahhvci
dgkpfzd is a horse, nkf is a bird, so dgkpfzd is not less likely to be in a stall than nkf
lhq is a horse, dsyhqrku is a bird, so lhq is not less likely to be in a stall than dsyhqrku
ppgivxpwsqf is a horse, byjf is a bird, so ppgivxpwsqf is not less likely to be in a stall than byjf
mqzqjrc is a horse, qcijggvng is a bird, so mqzqjrc is not less likely to be in a stall than qcijggvng
gxnpoahhvci is a horse, cihdjgith is a bird, so cihdjgith is not more likely to be in a stall than gxnpoahhvci
nkf is a horse, dgkpfzd is a bird, so dgkpfzd is not more likely to be in a stall than nkf
dsyhqrku is a horse, lhq is a bird, so lhq is not more likely to be in a stall than dsyhqrku
byjf is a horse, ppgivxpwsqf is a bird, so ppgivxpwsqf is not more likely to be in a stall than byjf
qcijggvng is a horse, mqzqjrc is a bird, so mqzqjrc is not more likely to be in a stall than qcijggvng
nhsp is a frog, scbcab is a bird, so nhsp is more likely to jump very high than scbcab
weybvdbq is a frog, cetybpfxyx is a bird, so weybvdbq is more likely to jump very high than cetybpfxyx
cfjtult is a frog, eok is a bird, so cfjtult is more likely to jump very high than eok
ysjtlsihv is a frog, rhfevrajtn is a bird, so ysjtlsihv is more likely to jump very high than rhfevrajtn
pmwpfysyesy is a frog, tjhkyt is a bird, so pmwpfysyesy is more likely to jump very high than tjhkyt
nhsp is a frog, scbcab is a bird, so scbcab is less likely to jump very high than nhsp
weybvdbq is a frog, cetybpfxyx is a bird, so cetybpfxyx is less likely to jump very high than weybvdbq
cfjtult is a frog, eok is a bird, so eok is less likely to jump very high than cfjtult
ysjtlsihv is a frog, rhfevrajtn is a bird, so rhfevrajtn is less likely to jump very high than ysjtlsihv
pmwpfysyesy is a frog, tjhkyt is a bird, so tjhkyt is less likely to jump very high than pmwpfysyesy
hnexvz is a frog, cpscc is a bird, so hnexvz is not less likely to jump very high than cpscc
bpvcxcmd is a frog, kokrc is a bird, so bpvcxcmd is not less likely to jump very high than kokrc
eirxizybqsns is a frog, zuh is a bird, so eirxizybqsns is not less likely to jump very high than zuh
ggyqjrzkj is a frog, jaceneczvr is a bird, so ggyqjrzkj is not less likely to jump very high than jaceneczvr
uniktqlnh is a frog, pjuhkks is a bird, so uniktqlnh is not less likely to jump very high than pjuhkks
cpscc is a frog, hnexvz is a bird, so hnexvz is not more likely to jump very high than cpscc
kokrc is a frog, bpvcxcmd is a bird, so bpvcxcmd is not more likely to jump very high than kokrc
zuh is a frog, eirxizybqsns is a bird, so eirxizybqsns is not more likely to jump very high than zuh
jaceneczvr is a frog, ggyqjrzkj is a bird, so ggyqjrzkj is not more likely to jump very high than jaceneczvr
pjuhkks is a frog, uniktqlnh is a bird, so uniktqlnh is not more likely to jump very high than pjuhkks
asdimoshou is a cat, ehgiq is a wolf, so asdimoshou is more likely to drink water than ehgiq
wlkrkkx is a cat, xldey is a wolf, so wlkrkkx is more likely to drink water than xldey
gqigmdsbgic is a cat, yvewba is a wolf, so gqigmdsbgic is more likely to drink water than yvewba
fqllxs is a cat, qxrt is a wolf, so fqllxs is more likely to drink water than qxrt
kxewnswdkh is a cat, kcgqgbmpgo is a wolf, so kxewnswdkh is more likely to drink water than kcgqgbmpgo
asdimoshou is a cat, ehgiq is a wolf, so ehgiq is less likely to drink water than asdimoshou
wlkrkkx is a cat, xldey is a wolf, so xldey is less likely to drink water than wlkrkkx
gqigmdsbgic is a cat, yvewba is a wolf, so yvewba is less likely to drink water than gqigmdsbgic
fqllxs is a cat, qxrt is a wolf, so qxrt is less likely to drink water than fqllxs
kxewnswdkh is a cat, kcgqgbmpgo is a wolf, so kcgqgbmpgo is less likely to drink water than kxewnswdkh
jwttykkalt is a cat, rjuawauwhw is a wolf, so jwttykkalt is not less likely to drink water than rjuawauwhw
zqlrb is a cat, bzayoxntl is a wolf, so zqlrb is not less likely to drink water than bzayoxntl
xhhnwqa is a cat, qepp is a wolf, so xhhnwqa is not less likely to drink water than qepp
asdehhkck is a cat, qaecrg is a wolf, so asdehhkck is not less likely to drink water than qaecrg
zol is a cat, zvzjor is a wolf, so zol is not less likely to drink water than zvzjor
rjuawauwhw is a cat, jwttykkalt is a wolf, so jwttykkalt is not more likely to drink water than rjuawauwhw
bzayoxntl is a cat, zqlrb is a wolf, so zqlrb is not more likely to drink water than bzayoxntl
qepp is a cat, xhhnwqa is a wolf, so xhhnwqa is not more likely to drink water than qepp
qaecrg is a cat, asdehhkck is a wolf, so asdehhkck is not more likely to drink water than qaecrg
zvzjor is a cat, zol is a wolf, so zol is not more likely to drink water than zvzjor
kjxrwpvi is a cat, exqywfirfu is a panda, so kjxrwpvi is more likely to hunt mice than exqywfirfu
fxgucq is a cat, iusgzbfnysqh is a panda, so fxgucq is more likely to hunt mice than iusgzbfnysqh
qcvyg is a cat, wdbbqfqtubmt is a panda, so qcvyg is more likely to hunt mice than wdbbqfqtubmt
fraz is a cat, kpfyd is a panda, so fraz is more likely to hunt mice than kpfyd
rxuzme is a cat, jebok is a panda, so rxuzme is more likely to hunt mice than jebok
kjxrwpvi is a cat, exqywfirfu is a panda, so exqywfirfu is less likely to hunt mice than kjxrwpvi
fxgucq is a cat, iusgzbfnysqh is a panda, so iusgzbfnysqh is less likely to hunt mice than fxgucq
qcvyg is a cat, wdbbqfqtubmt is a panda, so wdbbqfqtubmt is less likely to hunt mice than qcvyg
fraz is a cat, kpfyd is a panda, so kpfyd is less likely to hunt mice than fraz
rxuzme is a cat, jebok is a panda, so jebok is less likely to hunt mice than rxuzme
gmsyxvse is a cat, ooi is a panda, so gmsyxvse is not less likely to hunt mice than ooi
odp is a cat, ruxrf is a panda, so odp is not less likely to hunt mice than ruxrf
zetvduv is a cat, ijckcwfvoooa is a panda, so zetvduv is not less likely to hunt mice than ijckcwfvoooa
slfrozhua is a cat, icfglly is a panda, so slfrozhua is not less likely to hunt mice than icfglly
wrhp is a cat, dwhccjatycvd is a panda, so wrhp is not less likely to hunt mice than dwhccjatycvd
ooi is a cat, gmsyxvse is a panda, so gmsyxvse is not more likely to hunt mice than ooi
ruxrf is a cat, odp is a panda, so odp is not more likely to hunt mice than ruxrf
ijckcwfvoooa is a cat, zetvduv is a panda, so zetvduv is not more likely to hunt mice than ijckcwfvoooa
icfglly is a cat, slfrozhua is a panda, so slfrozhua is not more likely to hunt mice than icfglly
dwhccjatycvd is a cat, wrhp is a panda, so wrhp is not more likely to hunt mice than dwhccjatycvd
kku is a tiger, ewt is a frog, so kku is more likely to jump though hoops than ewt
cnng is a tiger, biwdcux is a frog, so cnng is more likely to jump though hoops than biwdcux
tghvnuzlees is a tiger, fwhad is a frog, so tghvnuzlees is more likely to jump though hoops than fwhad
kezqibotcps is a tiger, xjv is a frog, so kezqibotcps is more likely to jump though hoops than xjv
ozdune is a tiger, rjl is a frog, so ozdune is more likely to jump though hoops than rjl
kku is a tiger, ewt is a frog, so ewt is less likely to jump though hoops than kku
cnng is a tiger, biwdcux is a frog, so biwdcux is less likely to jump though hoops than cnng
tghvnuzlees is a tiger, fwhad is a frog, so fwhad is less likely to jump though hoops than tghvnuzlees
kezqibotcps is a tiger, xjv is a frog, so xjv is less likely to jump though hoops than kezqibotcps
ozdune is a tiger, rjl is a frog, so rjl is less likely to jump though hoops than ozdune
tyeegjsp is a tiger, awkvdeamfurr is a frog, so tyeegjsp is not less likely to jump though hoops than awkvdeamfurr
fjqllrxwgn is a tiger, xmy is a frog, so fjqllrxwgn is not less likely to jump though hoops than xmy
sgm is a tiger, aeapth is a frog, so sgm is not less likely to jump though hoops than aeapth
yqr is a tiger, ptaevuzgf is a frog, so yqr is not less likely to jump though hoops than ptaevuzgf
vpimtdxlbrtn is a tiger, gurxs is a frog, so vpimtdxlbrtn is not less likely to jump though hoops than gurxs
awkvdeamfurr is a tiger, tyeegjsp is a frog, so tyeegjsp is not more likely to jump though hoops than awkvdeamfurr
xmy is a tiger, fjqllrxwgn is a frog, so fjqllrxwgn is not more likely to jump though hoops than xmy
aeapth is a tiger, sgm is a frog, so sgm is not more likely to jump though hoops than aeapth
ptaevuzgf is a tiger, yqr is a frog, so yqr is not more likely to jump though hoops than ptaevuzgf
gurxs is a tiger, vpimtdxlbrtn is a frog, so vpimtdxlbrtn is not more likely to jump though hoops than gurxs
rfqtebhdix is a tiger, gxnsjhegvmau is a bear, so rfqtebhdix is more likely to be in the zoo than gxnsjhegvmau
fmddzjzqd is a tiger, cxoknqyh is a bear, so fmddzjzqd is more likely to be in the zoo than cxoknqyh
jywcctwrykp is a tiger, xbauea is a bear, so jywcctwrykp is more likely to be in the zoo than xbauea
bdig is a tiger, bhispdbgmslt is a bear, so bdig is more likely to be in the zoo than bhispdbgmslt
rocgo is a tiger, txagsls is a bear, so rocgo is more likely to be in the zoo than txagsls
rfqtebhdix is a tiger, gxnsjhegvmau is a bear, so gxnsjhegvmau is less likely to be in the zoo than rfqtebhdix
fmddzjzqd is a tiger, cxoknqyh is a bear, so cxoknqyh is less likely to be in the zoo than fmddzjzqd
jywcctwrykp is a tiger, xbauea is a bear, so xbauea is less likely to be in the zoo than jywcctwrykp
bdig is a tiger, bhispdbgmslt is a bear, so bhispdbgmslt is less likely to be in the zoo than bdig
rocgo is a tiger, txagsls is a bear, so txagsls is less likely to be in the zoo than rocgo
fcuttj is a tiger, lcesbkzrwgs is a bear, so fcuttj is not less likely to be in the zoo than lcesbkzrwgs
vlprwuhcu is a tiger, owzj is a bear, so vlprwuhcu is not less likely to be in the zoo than owzj
hljpxgwuspns is a tiger, qdnpf is a bear, so hljpxgwuspns is not less likely to be in the zoo than qdnpf
ztbtfcsidx is a tiger, rerignchcu is a bear, so ztbtfcsidx is not less likely to be in the zoo than rerignchcu
vpvzimawy is a tiger, zqwdunoeaa is a bear, so vpvzimawy is not less likely to be in the zoo than zqwdunoeaa
lcesbkzrwgs is a tiger, fcuttj is a bear, so fcuttj is not more likely to be in the zoo than lcesbkzrwgs
owzj is a tiger, vlprwuhcu is a bear, so vlprwuhcu is not more likely to be in the zoo than owzj
qdnpf is a tiger, hljpxgwuspns is a bear, so hljpxgwuspns is not more likely to be in the zoo than qdnpf
rerignchcu is a tiger, ztbtfcsidx is a bear, so ztbtfcsidx is not more likely to be in the zoo than rerignchcu
zqwdunoeaa is a tiger, vpvzimawy is a bear, so vpvzimawy is not more likely to be in the zoo than zqwdunoeaa
qcbzrd is a monkey, qocwh is a camel, so qcbzrd is more likely to throw a banana than qocwh
obu is a monkey, kygworj is a camel, so obu is more likely to throw a banana than kygworj
zlrtjgwt is a monkey, gnryzbl is a camel, so zlrtjgwt is more likely to throw a banana than gnryzbl
hfdpsgha is a monkey, jkq is a camel, so hfdpsgha is more likely to throw a banana than jkq
jzvkmq is a monkey, sksrabjzwgw is a camel, so jzvkmq is more likely to throw a banana than sksrabjzwgw
qcbzrd is a monkey, qocwh is a camel, so qocwh is less likely to throw a banana than qcbzrd
obu is a monkey, kygworj is a camel, so kygworj is less likely to throw a banana than obu
zlrtjgwt is a monkey, gnryzbl is a camel, so gnryzbl is less likely to throw a banana than zlrtjgwt
hfdpsgha is a monkey, jkq is a camel, so jkq is less likely to throw a banana than hfdpsgha
jzvkmq is a monkey, sksrabjzwgw is a camel, so sksrabjzwgw is less likely to throw a banana than jzvkmq
zgsdk is a monkey, vyrywehilrkb is a camel, so zgsdk is not more likely to throw a banana than vyrywehilrkb
srmrmqdigw is a monkey, hatjdlquzzw is a camel, so srmrmqdigw is not more likely to throw a banana than hatjdlquzzw
wfzyuqtktk is a monkey, jogm is a camel, so wfzyuqtktk is not more likely to throw a banana than jogm
iqingfgu is a monkey, qtczfcvjeb is a camel, so iqingfgu is not more likely to throw a banana than qtczfcvjeb
ayp is a monkey, upyqoyxwebg is a camel, so ayp is not more likely to throw a banana than upyqoyxwebg
vyrywehilrkb is a monkey, zgsdk is a camel, so zgsdk is not more likely to throw a banana than vyrywehilrkb
hatjdlquzzw is a monkey, srmrmqdigw is a camel, so srmrmqdigw is not more likely to throw a banana than hatjdlquzzw
jogm is a monkey, wfzyuqtktk is a camel, so wfzyuqtktk is not more likely to throw a banana than jogm
qtczfcvjeb is a monkey, iqingfgu is a camel, so iqingfgu is not more likely to throw a banana than qtczfcvjeb
upyqoyxwebg is a monkey, ayp is a camel, so ayp is not more likely to throw a banana than upyqoyxwebg
lkhug is a elephant, pipkggrq is a crocodile, so lkhug is more likely to be in a zoo than pipkggrq
ufrenwcmpo is a elephant, uanzcv is a crocodile, so ufrenwcmpo is more likely to be in a zoo than uanzcv
oiwok is a elephant, ioepwrxp is a crocodile, so oiwok is more likely to be in a zoo than ioepwrxp
nagrw is a elephant, jkx is a crocodile, so nagrw is more likely to be in a zoo than jkx
gnft is a elephant, rbbbjan is a crocodile, so gnft is more likely to be in a zoo than rbbbjan
lkhug is a elephant, pipkggrq is a crocodile, so pipkggrq is less likely to be in a zoo than lkhug
ufrenwcmpo is a elephant, uanzcv is a crocodile, so uanzcv is less likely to be in a zoo than ufrenwcmpo
oiwok is a elephant, ioepwrxp is a crocodile, so ioepwrxp is less likely to be in a zoo than oiwok
nagrw is a elephant, jkx is a crocodile, so jkx is less likely to be in a zoo than nagrw
gnft is a elephant, rbbbjan is a crocodile, so rbbbjan is less likely to be in a zoo than gnft
dtncoufhqbh is a elephant, ygmftdnf is a crocodile, so dtncoufhqbh is not less likely to be in a zoo than ygmftdnf
mprfcityscrc is a elephant, epjjsoizja is a crocodile, so mprfcityscrc is not less likely to be in a zoo than epjjsoizja
hcior is a elephant, bvbeqx is a crocodile, so hcior is not less likely to be in a zoo than bvbeqx
opiniaulp is a elephant, hgun is a crocodile, so opiniaulp is not less likely to be in a zoo than hgun
peudpqv is a elephant, lha is a crocodile, so peudpqv is not less likely to be in a zoo than lha
ygmftdnf is a elephant, dtncoufhqbh is a crocodile, so dtncoufhqbh is not more likely to be in a zoo than ygmftdnf
epjjsoizja is a elephant, mprfcityscrc is a crocodile, so mprfcityscrc is not more likely to be in a zoo than epjjsoizja
bvbeqx is a elephant, hcior is a crocodile, so hcior is not more likely to be in a zoo than bvbeqx
hgun is a elephant, opiniaulp is a crocodile, so opiniaulp is not more likely to be in a zoo than hgun
lha is a elephant, peudpqv is a crocodile, so peudpqv is not more likely to be in a zoo than lha
thjg is a shark, xkffd is a snail, so thjg is more likely to be in the water than xkffd
mpovftykv is a shark, wenirxvfs is a snail, so mpovftykv is more likely to be in the water than wenirxvfs
weqtwl is a shark, uwmawtmflfb is a snail, so weqtwl is more likely to be in the water than uwmawtmflfb
qsvfekdsf is a shark, fprkvav is a snail, so qsvfekdsf is more likely to be in the water than fprkvav
irjkj is a shark, afix is a snail, so irjkj is more likely to be in the water than afix
thjg is a shark, xkffd is a snail, so xkffd is more likely to circle the swimmer than thjg
mpovftykv is a shark, wenirxvfs is a snail, so wenirxvfs is more likely to circle the swimmer than mpovftykv
weqtwl is a shark, uwmawtmflfb is a snail, so uwmawtmflfb is more likely to circle the swimmer than weqtwl
qsvfekdsf is a shark, fprkvav is a snail, so fprkvav is more likely to circle the swimmer than qsvfekdsf
irjkj is a shark, afix is a snail, so afix is more likely to circle the swimmer than irjkj
lemtqltgdzcn is a shark, jyvc is a snail, so lemtqltgdzcn is not less likely to be in the water than jyvc
dbnvuctdtl is a shark, aotvmvd is a snail, so dbnvuctdtl is not less likely to be in the water than aotvmvd
shcnhd is a shark, lrxxddwgghrd is a snail, so shcnhd is not less likely to be in the water than lrxxddwgghrd
mwtmitrx is a shark, uhqz is a snail, so mwtmitrx is not less likely to be in the water than uhqz
qbpmilgaiw is a shark, xdxzdgsdrb is a snail, so qbpmilgaiw is not less likely to be in the water than xdxzdgsdrb
jyvc is a shark, lemtqltgdzcn is a snail, so lemtqltgdzcn is not more likely to circle the swimmer than jyvc
aotvmvd is a shark, dbnvuctdtl is a snail, so dbnvuctdtl is not more likely to circle the swimmer than aotvmvd
lrxxddwgghrd is a shark, shcnhd is a snail, so shcnhd is not more likely to circle the swimmer than lrxxddwgghrd
uhqz is a shark, mwtmitrx is a snail, so mwtmitrx is not more likely to circle the swimmer than uhqz
xdxzdgsdrb is a shark, qbpmilgaiw is a snail, so qbpmilgaiw is not more likely to circle the swimmer than xdxzdgsdrb
qtauhej is a fish, msdw is a monkey, so qtauhej is more likely to be in a lake than msdw
teqnnqyzv is a fish, pyjtcqrfbp is a monkey, so teqnnqyzv is more likely to be in a lake than pyjtcqrfbp
alxixrlng is a fish, slfbqdqeh is a monkey, so alxixrlng is more likely to be in a lake than slfbqdqeh
xcnzgssftz is a fish, udzroiwzqadu is a monkey, so xcnzgssftz is more likely to be in a lake than udzroiwzqadu
espupr is a fish, swhkfrqqxqm is a monkey, so espupr is more likely to be in a lake than swhkfrqqxqm
qtauhej is a fish, msdw is a monkey, so msdw is less likely to be in a lake than qtauhej
teqnnqyzv is a fish, pyjtcqrfbp is a monkey, so pyjtcqrfbp is less likely to be in a lake than teqnnqyzv
alxixrlng is a fish, slfbqdqeh is a monkey, so slfbqdqeh is less likely to be in a lake than alxixrlng
xcnzgssftz is a fish, udzroiwzqadu is a monkey, so udzroiwzqadu is less likely to be in a lake than xcnzgssftz
espupr is a fish, swhkfrqqxqm is a monkey, so swhkfrqqxqm is less likely to be in a lake than espupr
txobusgd is a fish, ukwwq is a monkey, so txobusgd is not less likely to be in a lake than ukwwq
oanv is a fish, onnpacash is a monkey, so oanv is not less likely to be in a lake than onnpacash
tkkwr is a fish, bxdaskha is a monkey, so tkkwr is not less likely to be in a lake than bxdaskha
zumgvyvadqxy is a fish, dvddqaoefvw is a monkey, so zumgvyvadqxy is not less likely to be in a lake than dvddqaoefvw
dkgsfsqnpl is a fish, lrdhynwq is a monkey, so dkgsfsqnpl is not less likely to be in a lake than lrdhynwq
ukwwq is a fish, txobusgd is a monkey, so txobusgd is not more likely to be in a lake than ukwwq
onnpacash is a fish, oanv is a monkey, so oanv is not more likely to be in a lake than onnpacash
bxdaskha is a fish, tkkwr is a monkey, so tkkwr is not more likely to be in a lake than bxdaskha
dvddqaoefvw is a fish, zumgvyvadqxy is a monkey, so zumgvyvadqxy is not more likely to be in a lake than dvddqaoefvw
lrdhynwq is a fish, dkgsfsqnpl is a monkey, so dkgsfsqnpl is not more likely to be in a lake than lrdhynwq
ynsjhyls is a monkey, gkuimesz is a crocodile, so ynsjhyls is more likely to be in an african jungle than gkuimesz
sfreyis is a monkey, aabvw is a crocodile, so sfreyis is more likely to be in an african jungle than aabvw
jvdpyiz is a monkey, uvppfktjtlxi is a crocodile, so jvdpyiz is more likely to be in an african jungle than uvppfktjtlxi
hjcuk is a monkey, bruoky is a crocodile, so hjcuk is more likely to be in an african jungle than bruoky
efe is a monkey, sjlv is a crocodile, so efe is more likely to be in an african jungle than sjlv
ynsjhyls is a monkey, gkuimesz is a crocodile, so gkuimesz is more likely to be in an african jungle than ynsjhyls
sfreyis is a monkey, aabvw is a crocodile, so aabvw is more likely to be in an african jungle than sfreyis
jvdpyiz is a monkey, uvppfktjtlxi is a crocodile, so uvppfktjtlxi is more likely to be in an african jungle than jvdpyiz
hjcuk is a monkey, bruoky is a crocodile, so bruoky is more likely to be in an african jungle than hjcuk
efe is a monkey, sjlv is a crocodile, so sjlv is more likely to be in an african jungle than efe
bafhlrxbij is a monkey, wyzofrdon is a crocodile, so bafhlrxbij is not less likely to be in an african jungle than wyzofrdon
xhzkr is a monkey, revpbm is a crocodile, so xhzkr is not less likely to be in an african jungle than revpbm
bcfjxeuybqcw is a monkey, tbeshomqvsq is a crocodile, so bcfjxeuybqcw is not less likely to be in an african jungle than tbeshomqvsq
ghcmhuiqwv is a monkey, sjdsrbi is a crocodile, so ghcmhuiqwv is not less likely to be in an african jungle than sjdsrbi
frpmlaomc is a monkey, ikzo is a crocodile, so frpmlaomc is not less likely to be in an african jungle than ikzo
wyzofrdon is a monkey, bafhlrxbij is a crocodile, so bafhlrxbij is not more likely to be in an african jungle than wyzofrdon
revpbm is a monkey, xhzkr is a crocodile, so xhzkr is not more likely to be in an african jungle than revpbm
tbeshomqvsq is a monkey, bcfjxeuybqcw is a crocodile, so bcfjxeuybqcw is not more likely to be in an african jungle than tbeshomqvsq
sjdsrbi is a monkey, ghcmhuiqwv is a crocodile, so ghcmhuiqwv is not more likely to be in an african jungle than sjdsrbi
ikzo is a monkey, frpmlaomc is a crocodile, so frpmlaomc is not more likely to be in an african jungle than ikzo
sxorqg is a cheetah, wlifvwyu is a kangaroo, so sxorqg is more likely to catch a gazelle than wlifvwyu
klerilqfr is a cheetah, iuz is a kangaroo, so klerilqfr is more likely to catch a gazelle than iuz
pzsufnhlks is a cheetah, tcpyl is a kangaroo, so pzsufnhlks is more likely to catch a gazelle than tcpyl
rflekmviti is a cheetah, dsygjxr is a kangaroo, so rflekmviti is more likely to catch a gazelle than dsygjxr
xaivarrxiivq is a cheetah, laflrpv is a kangaroo, so xaivarrxiivq is more likely to catch a gazelle than laflrpv
sxorqg is a cheetah, wlifvwyu is a kangaroo, so wlifvwyu is less likely to catch a gazelle than sxorqg
klerilqfr is a cheetah, iuz is a kangaroo, so iuz is less likely to catch a gazelle than klerilqfr
pzsufnhlks is a cheetah, tcpyl is a kangaroo, so tcpyl is less likely to catch a gazelle than pzsufnhlks
rflekmviti is a cheetah, dsygjxr is a kangaroo, so dsygjxr is less likely to catch a gazelle than rflekmviti
xaivarrxiivq is a cheetah, laflrpv is a kangaroo, so laflrpv is less likely to catch a gazelle than xaivarrxiivq
fgbizbf is a cheetah, nki is a kangaroo, so fgbizbf is not less likely to catch a gazelle than nki
dmy is a cheetah, sjhepbtnn is a kangaroo, so dmy is not less likely to catch a gazelle than sjhepbtnn
qcch is a cheetah, mwlurrb is a kangaroo, so qcch is not less likely to catch a gazelle than mwlurrb
vblupucikx is a cheetah, qdnwxchmue is a kangaroo, so vblupucikx is not less likely to catch a gazelle than qdnwxchmue
slsd is a cheetah, ddruvbsgkh is a kangaroo, so slsd is not less likely to catch a gazelle than ddruvbsgkh
nki is a cheetah, fgbizbf is a kangaroo, so fgbizbf is not more likely to catch a gazelle than nki
sjhepbtnn is a cheetah, dmy is a kangaroo, so dmy is not more likely to catch a gazelle than sjhepbtnn
mwlurrb is a cheetah, qcch is a kangaroo, so qcch is not more likely to catch a gazelle than mwlurrb
qdnwxchmue is a cheetah, vblupucikx is a kangaroo, so vblupucikx is not more likely to catch a gazelle than qdnwxchmue
ddruvbsgkh is a cheetah, slsd is a kangaroo, so slsd is not more likely to catch a gazelle than ddruvbsgkh
mfrzlea is a fish, tqq is a alligator, so mfrzlea is less likely to form cognitive maps than tqq
dkdxqx is a fish, iwge is a alligator, so dkdxqx is less likely to form cognitive maps than iwge
eyiitahtihlu is a fish, rrgsipcnhat is a alligator, so eyiitahtihlu is less likely to form cognitive maps than rrgsipcnhat
wsvrqp is a fish, fwijuvhysoel is a alligator, so wsvrqp is less likely to form cognitive maps than fwijuvhysoel
lpotabt is a fish, rnv is a alligator, so lpotabt is less likely to form cognitive maps than rnv
mfrzlea is a fish, tqq is a alligator, so tqq is less likely to form cognitive maps than mfrzlea
dkdxqx is a fish, iwge is a alligator, so iwge is less likely to form cognitive maps than dkdxqx
eyiitahtihlu is a fish, rrgsipcnhat is a alligator, so rrgsipcnhat is less likely to form cognitive maps than eyiitahtihlu
wsvrqp is a fish, fwijuvhysoel is a alligator, so fwijuvhysoel is less likely to form cognitive maps than wsvrqp
lpotabt is a fish, rnv is a alligator, so rnv is less likely to form cognitive maps than lpotabt
hgteja is a fish, xbd is a alligator, so hgteja is not less likely to form cognitive maps than xbd
phon is a fish, xivtaokpfurj is a alligator, so phon is not less likely to form cognitive maps than xivtaokpfurj
iyrmuiceybic is a fish, jyehj is a alligator, so iyrmuiceybic is not less likely to form cognitive maps than jyehj
wvl is a fish, atdaiod is a alligator, so wvl is not less likely to form cognitive maps than atdaiod
znnt is a fish, jghnto is a alligator, so znnt is not less likely to form cognitive maps than jghnto
xbd is a fish, hgteja is a alligator, so hgteja is not more likely to form cognitive maps than xbd
xivtaokpfurj is a fish, phon is a alligator, so phon is not more likely to form cognitive maps than xivtaokpfurj
jyehj is a fish, iyrmuiceybic is a alligator, so iyrmuiceybic is not more likely to form cognitive maps than jyehj
atdaiod is a fish, wvl is a alligator, so wvl is not more likely to form cognitive maps than atdaiod
jghnto is a fish, znnt is a alligator, so znnt is not more likely to form cognitive maps than jghnto
mwpajqyc is a horse, hmetmiob is a fly, so mwpajqyc is more likely to be in a parade than hmetmiob
lpyzkzxjg is a horse, pdyjrm is a fly, so lpyzkzxjg is more likely to be in a parade than pdyjrm
lftpazqbihq is a horse, ptlltsvtkj is a fly, so lftpazqbihq is more likely to be in a parade than ptlltsvtkj
ejiqtdd is a horse, unwqabccwj is a fly, so ejiqtdd is more likely to be in a parade than unwqabccwj
vpfcihrontc is a horse, fklzherxamex is a fly, so vpfcihrontc is more likely to be in a parade than fklzherxamex
mwpajqyc is a horse, hmetmiob is a fly, so hmetmiob is less likely to be in a parade than mwpajqyc
lpyzkzxjg is a horse, pdyjrm is a fly, so pdyjrm is less likely to be in a parade than lpyzkzxjg
lftpazqbihq is a horse, ptlltsvtkj is a fly, so ptlltsvtkj is less likely to be in a parade than lftpazqbihq
ejiqtdd is a horse, unwqabccwj is a fly, so unwqabccwj is less likely to be in a parade than ejiqtdd
vpfcihrontc is a horse, fklzherxamex is a fly, so fklzherxamex is less likely to be in a parade than vpfcihrontc
affucfamizbd is a horse, booos is a fly, so affucfamizbd is not less likely to be in a parade than booos
amkacepcofsp is a horse, qcmapdpot is a fly, so amkacepcofsp is not less likely to be in a parade than qcmapdpot
gjwg is a horse, zltgirfvn is a fly, so gjwg is not less likely to be in a parade than zltgirfvn
wiigywswvr is a horse, bdqbs is a fly, so wiigywswvr is not less likely to be in a parade than bdqbs
mwyamyrsvwhd is a horse, jynpfsdk is a fly, so mwyamyrsvwhd is not less likely to be in a parade than jynpfsdk
booos is a horse, affucfamizbd is a fly, so affucfamizbd is not more likely to be in a parade than booos
qcmapdpot is a horse, amkacepcofsp is a fly, so amkacepcofsp is not more likely to be in a parade than qcmapdpot
zltgirfvn is a horse, gjwg is a fly, so gjwg is not more likely to be in a parade than zltgirfvn
bdqbs is a horse, wiigywswvr is a fly, so wiigywswvr is not more likely to be in a parade than bdqbs
jynpfsdk is a horse, mwyamyrsvwhd is a fly, so mwyamyrsvwhd is not more likely to be in a parade than jynpfsdk
lejanwr is a tiger, nxnjwmxrg is a bear, so lejanwr is less likely to eat than nxnjwmxrg
abfahdm is a tiger, xgawfazcaljy is a bear, so abfahdm is less likely to eat than xgawfazcaljy
yqllfrrg is a tiger, aisqi is a bear, so yqllfrrg is less likely to eat than aisqi
spw is a tiger, haml is a bear, so spw is less likely to eat than haml
riwpjgsvss is a tiger, qulaseo is a bear, so riwpjgsvss is less likely to eat than qulaseo
lejanwr is a tiger, nxnjwmxrg is a bear, so nxnjwmxrg is less likely to eat than lejanwr
abfahdm is a tiger, xgawfazcaljy is a bear, so xgawfazcaljy is less likely to eat than abfahdm
yqllfrrg is a tiger, aisqi is a bear, so aisqi is less likely to eat than yqllfrrg
spw is a tiger, haml is a bear, so haml is less likely to eat than spw
riwpjgsvss is a tiger, qulaseo is a bear, so qulaseo is less likely to eat than riwpjgsvss
dimhgczwlhg is a tiger, zkrvyefasqi is a bear, so dimhgczwlhg is not less likely to eat than zkrvyefasqi
zwturhnuby is a tiger, zcpywtnz is a bear, so zwturhnuby is not less likely to eat than zcpywtnz
ehlqsnlxjny is a tiger, zwolx is a bear, so ehlqsnlxjny is not less likely to eat than zwolx
zebyjsypqwet is a tiger, yrphkuhsxl is a bear, so zebyjsypqwet is not less likely to eat than yrphkuhsxl
dnvmfzj is a tiger, ibsfy is a bear, so dnvmfzj is not less likely to eat than ibsfy
zkrvyefasqi is a tiger, dimhgczwlhg is a bear, so dimhgczwlhg is not more likely to eat than zkrvyefasqi
zcpywtnz is a tiger, zwturhnuby is a bear, so zwturhnuby is not more likely to eat than zcpywtnz
zwolx is a tiger, ehlqsnlxjny is a bear, so ehlqsnlxjny is not more likely to eat than zwolx
yrphkuhsxl is a tiger, zebyjsypqwet is a bear, so zebyjsypqwet is not more likely to eat than yrphkuhsxl
ibsfy is a tiger, dnvmfzj is a bear, so dnvmfzj is not more likely to eat than ibsfy
ksflyegq is a chicken, vybavvpy is a pig, so ksflyegq is less likely to be food than vybavvpy
kmxhvqtio is a chicken, ohpck is a pig, so kmxhvqtio is less likely to be food than ohpck
stnjqwouk is a chicken, upddlcei is a pig, so stnjqwouk is less likely to be food than upddlcei
uxmfxlbg is a chicken, tbtveqvw is a pig, so uxmfxlbg is less likely to be food than tbtveqvw
yewvzphdprvu is a chicken, phwhvjelg is a pig, so yewvzphdprvu is less likely to be food than phwhvjelg
ksflyegq is a chicken, vybavvpy is a pig, so vybavvpy is less likely to be food than ksflyegq
kmxhvqtio is a chicken, ohpck is a pig, so ohpck is less likely to be food than kmxhvqtio
stnjqwouk is a chicken, upddlcei is a pig, so upddlcei is less likely to be food than stnjqwouk
uxmfxlbg is a chicken, tbtveqvw is a pig, so tbtveqvw is less likely to be food than uxmfxlbg
yewvzphdprvu is a chicken, phwhvjelg is a pig, so phwhvjelg is less likely to be food than yewvzphdprvu
tnvxm is a chicken, jchwu is a pig, so tnvxm is not more food than jchwu
mbn is a chicken, lag is a pig, so mbn is not more food than lag
uakpstmtf is a chicken, phkdcvkwwbfl is a pig, so uakpstmtf is not more food than phkdcvkwwbfl
hkofwpnhedtp is a chicken, vjnr is a pig, so hkofwpnhedtp is not more food than vjnr
xnao is a chicken, pyb is a pig, so xnao is not more food than pyb
jchwu is a chicken, tnvxm is a pig, so tnvxm is not more likely to be food than jchwu
lag is a chicken, mbn is a pig, so mbn is not more likely to be food than lag
phkdcvkwwbfl is a chicken, uakpstmtf is a pig, so uakpstmtf is not more likely to be food than phkdcvkwwbfl
vjnr is a chicken, hkofwpnhedtp is a pig, so hkofwpnhedtp is not more likely to be food than vjnr
pyb is a chicken, xnao is a pig, so xnao is not more likely to be food than pyb
syjldosrdi is a turtle, fcrwo is a horse, so syjldosrdi is more likely to race a hare than fcrwo
timfxgknm is a turtle, jmoyjiyxrw is a horse, so timfxgknm is more likely to race a hare than jmoyjiyxrw
aeyvgs is a turtle, hbkb is a horse, so aeyvgs is more likely to race a hare than hbkb
ocmwtvs is a turtle, szbbegkwyazb is a horse, so ocmwtvs is more likely to race a hare than szbbegkwyazb
asagrkgu is a turtle, eitpotiwuxtr is a horse, so asagrkgu is more likely to race a hare than eitpotiwuxtr
syjldosrdi is a turtle, fcrwo is a horse, so fcrwo is less likely to race a hare than syjldosrdi
timfxgknm is a turtle, jmoyjiyxrw is a horse, so jmoyjiyxrw is less likely to race a hare than timfxgknm
aeyvgs is a turtle, hbkb is a horse, so hbkb is less likely to race a hare than aeyvgs
ocmwtvs is a turtle, szbbegkwyazb is a horse, so szbbegkwyazb is less likely to race a hare than ocmwtvs
asagrkgu is a turtle, eitpotiwuxtr is a horse, so eitpotiwuxtr is less likely to race a hare than asagrkgu
clmh is a turtle, iqiu is a horse, so clmh is not less likely to race a hare than iqiu
vnvg is a turtle, exth is a horse, so vnvg is not less likely to race a hare than exth
tjwyv is a turtle, gsa is a horse, so tjwyv is not less likely to race a hare than gsa
fds is a turtle, rbo is a horse, so fds is not less likely to race a hare than rbo
zngu is a turtle, icqjm is a horse, so zngu is not less likely to race a hare than icqjm
iqiu is a turtle, clmh is a horse, so clmh is not more likely to race a hare than iqiu
exth is a turtle, vnvg is a horse, so vnvg is not more likely to race a hare than exth
gsa is a turtle, tjwyv is a horse, so tjwyv is not more likely to race a hare than gsa
rbo is a turtle, fds is a horse, so fds is not more likely to race a hare than rbo
icqjm is a turtle, zngu is a horse, so zngu is not more likely to race a hare than icqjm
peugrkzeb is a dog, ryrnv is a seal, so peugrkzeb is more likely to mark its territory than ryrnv
jpohuenb is a dog, tdslrnpo is a seal, so jpohuenb is more likely to mark its territory than tdslrnpo
bxncugeu is a dog, sel is a seal, so bxncugeu is more likely to mark its territory than sel
ckvewdac is a dog, uwbcnlrukw is a seal, so ckvewdac is more likely to mark its territory than uwbcnlrukw
jrnnfftqyvrh is a dog, cqa is a seal, so jrnnfftqyvrh is more likely to mark its territory than cqa
peugrkzeb is a dog, ryrnv is a seal, so ryrnv is less likely to mark its territory than peugrkzeb
jpohuenb is a dog, tdslrnpo is a seal, so tdslrnpo is less likely to mark its territory than jpohuenb
bxncugeu is a dog, sel is a seal, so sel is less likely to mark its territory than bxncugeu
ckvewdac is a dog, uwbcnlrukw is a seal, so uwbcnlrukw is less likely to mark its territory than ckvewdac
jrnnfftqyvrh is a dog, cqa is a seal, so cqa is less likely to mark its territory than jrnnfftqyvrh
mgblx is a dog, bfxvenpgios is a seal, so mgblx is not less likely to mark its territory than bfxvenpgios
iouzwdqntgz is a dog, vqkpblf is a seal, so iouzwdqntgz is not less likely to mark its territory than vqkpblf
enp is a dog, qbhidpavrssr is a seal, so enp is not less likely to mark its territory than qbhidpavrssr
ysibm is a dog, udyvup is a seal, so ysibm is not less likely to mark its territory than udyvup
qovyob is a dog, nydort is a seal, so qovyob is not less likely to mark its territory than nydort
bfxvenpgios is a dog, mgblx is a seal, so mgblx is not more likely to mark its territory than bfxvenpgios
vqkpblf is a dog, iouzwdqntgz is a seal, so iouzwdqntgz is not more likely to mark its territory than vqkpblf
qbhidpavrssr is a dog, enp is a seal, so enp is not more likely to mark its territory than qbhidpavrssr
udyvup is a dog, ysibm is a seal, so ysibm is not more likely to mark its territory than udyvup
nydort is a dog, qovyob is a seal, so qovyob is not more likely to mark its territory than nydort
gbakp is a chicken, xeorawe is a cheetah, so gbakp is more likely to be a pet than xeorawe
wbyzenvqv is a chicken, slsverg is a cheetah, so wbyzenvqv is more likely to be a pet than slsverg
jtyjhqapz is a chicken, pazrohu is a cheetah, so jtyjhqapz is more likely to be a pet than pazrohu
bkwouhbrrnup is a chicken, sywci is a cheetah, so bkwouhbrrnup is more likely to be a pet than sywci
btzdeu is a chicken, qxmnhndfaiqq is a cheetah, so btzdeu is more likely to be a pet than qxmnhndfaiqq
gbakp is a chicken, xeorawe is a cheetah, so xeorawe is less likely to be a pet than gbakp
wbyzenvqv is a chicken, slsverg is a cheetah, so slsverg is less likely to be a pet than wbyzenvqv
jtyjhqapz is a chicken, pazrohu is a cheetah, so pazrohu is less likely to be a pet than jtyjhqapz
bkwouhbrrnup is a chicken, sywci is a cheetah, so sywci is less likely to be a pet than bkwouhbrrnup
btzdeu is a chicken, qxmnhndfaiqq is a cheetah, so qxmnhndfaiqq is less likely to be a pet than btzdeu
qrfwyrepaj is a chicken, cuoxafsbozx is a cheetah, so qrfwyrepaj is not less likely to be a pet than cuoxafsbozx
tsmthnhz is a chicken, ebszqkz is a cheetah, so tsmthnhz is not less likely to be a pet than ebszqkz
cijyr is a chicken, nyyypg is a cheetah, so cijyr is not less likely to be a pet than nyyypg
ubi is a chicken, icqgw is a cheetah, so ubi is not less likely to be a pet than icqgw
eycufoco is a chicken, ippqeexyimc is a cheetah, so eycufoco is not less likely to be a pet than ippqeexyimc
cuoxafsbozx is a chicken, qrfwyrepaj is a cheetah, so qrfwyrepaj is not more likely to be a pet than cuoxafsbozx
ebszqkz is a chicken, tsmthnhz is a cheetah, so tsmthnhz is not more likely to be a pet than ebszqkz
nyyypg is a chicken, cijyr is a cheetah, so cijyr is not more likely to be a pet than nyyypg
icqgw is a chicken, ubi is a cheetah, so ubi is not more likely to be a pet than icqgw
ippqeexyimc is a chicken, eycufoco is a cheetah, so eycufoco is not more likely to be a pet than ippqeexyimc
ixlgzuen is a ant, vdrvppunkj is a scorpion, so ixlgzuen is more likely to be on the carpet than vdrvppunkj
twfat is a ant, jrn is a scorpion, so twfat is more likely to be on the carpet than jrn
mkbrksdk is a ant, tkuss is a scorpion, so mkbrksdk is more likely to be on the carpet than tkuss
oizvsdps is a ant, darjutlou is a scorpion, so oizvsdps is more likely to be on the carpet than darjutlou
amqwowcxxyoe is a ant, fap is a scorpion, so amqwowcxxyoe is more likely to be on the carpet than fap
ixlgzuen is a ant, vdrvppunkj is a scorpion, so vdrvppunkj is less likely to be on the carpet than ixlgzuen
twfat is a ant, jrn is a scorpion, so jrn is less likely to be on the carpet than twfat
mkbrksdk is a ant, tkuss is a scorpion, so tkuss is less likely to be on the carpet than mkbrksdk
oizvsdps is a ant, darjutlou is a scorpion, so darjutlou is less likely to be on the carpet than oizvsdps
amqwowcxxyoe is a ant, fap is a scorpion, so fap is less likely to be on the carpet than amqwowcxxyoe
htwobgcmndrx is a ant, vrtlldr is a scorpion, so htwobgcmndrx is not less likely to be on the carpet than vrtlldr
axirzbzr is a ant, qhdn is a scorpion, so axirzbzr is not less likely to be on the carpet than qhdn
jnxyurig is a ant, fgucqwns is a scorpion, so jnxyurig is not less likely to be on the carpet than fgucqwns
fdhnitbp is a ant, qdwdtmf is a scorpion, so fdhnitbp is not less likely to be on the carpet than qdwdtmf
cbb is a ant, hjbddqyf is a scorpion, so cbb is not less likely to be on the carpet than hjbddqyf
vrtlldr is a ant, htwobgcmndrx is a scorpion, so htwobgcmndrx is not more likely to be on the carpet than vrtlldr
qhdn is a ant, axirzbzr is a scorpion, so axirzbzr is not more likely to be on the carpet than qhdn
fgucqwns is a ant, jnxyurig is a scorpion, so jnxyurig is not more likely to be on the carpet than fgucqwns
qdwdtmf is a ant, fdhnitbp is a scorpion, so fdhnitbp is not more likely to be on the carpet than qdwdtmf
hjbddqyf is a ant, cbb is a scorpion, so cbb is not more likely to be on the carpet than hjbddqyf
gnmmsfubkd is a horse, fspompye is a seal, so gnmmsfubkd is less likely to drink water than fspompye
zmov is a horse, tyj is a seal, so zmov is less likely to drink water than tyj
rdadz is a horse, jfiuemrxyh is a seal, so rdadz is less likely to drink water than jfiuemrxyh
odktzyijtcnt is a horse, qmou is a seal, so odktzyijtcnt is less likely to drink water than qmou
rbkxwlsjlaj is a horse, zqxhb is a seal, so rbkxwlsjlaj is less likely to drink water than zqxhb
gnmmsfubkd is a horse, fspompye is a seal, so fspompye is less likely to drink water than gnmmsfubkd
zmov is a horse, tyj is a seal, so tyj is less likely to drink water than zmov
rdadz is a horse, jfiuemrxyh is a seal, so jfiuemrxyh is less likely to drink water than rdadz
odktzyijtcnt is a horse, qmou is a seal, so qmou is less likely to drink water than odktzyijtcnt
rbkxwlsjlaj is a horse, zqxhb is a seal, so zqxhb is less likely to drink water than rbkxwlsjlaj
rwhe is a horse, fatpabiqpj is a seal, so rwhe is not less likely to drink water than fatpabiqpj
amsckwhl is a horse, lwekylwdi is a seal, so amsckwhl is not less likely to drink water than lwekylwdi
vjaxnjm is a horse, kzhrkxkiippi is a seal, so vjaxnjm is not less likely to drink water than kzhrkxkiippi
rphpimcyobgx is a horse, yivtdkjyuqa is a seal, so rphpimcyobgx is not less likely to drink water than yivtdkjyuqa
zygr is a horse, tlqqxyeom is a seal, so zygr is not less likely to drink water than tlqqxyeom
fatpabiqpj is a horse, rwhe is a seal, so rwhe is not more likely to drink water than fatpabiqpj
lwekylwdi is a horse, amsckwhl is a seal, so amsckwhl is not more likely to drink water than lwekylwdi
kzhrkxkiippi is a horse, vjaxnjm is a seal, so vjaxnjm is not more likely to drink water than kzhrkxkiippi
yivtdkjyuqa is a horse, rphpimcyobgx is a seal, so rphpimcyobgx is not more likely to drink water than yivtdkjyuqa
tlqqxyeom is a horse, zygr is a seal, so zygr is not more likely to drink water than tlqqxyeom
yeyybahbjg is a fox, hhlix is a turtle, so yeyybahbjg is more likely to be in a wooded area than hhlix
suhjxswlkwpo is a fox, lrdzp is a turtle, so suhjxswlkwpo is more likely to be in a wooded area than lrdzp
mzrwndnyplyu is a fox, ynb is a turtle, so mzrwndnyplyu is more likely to be in a wooded area than ynb
ypaydfgdk is a fox, pjflvhjemdi is a turtle, so ypaydfgdk is more likely to be in a wooded area than pjflvhjemdi
tnuqklv is a fox, cvnxcf is a turtle, so tnuqklv is more likely to be in a wooded area than cvnxcf
yeyybahbjg is a fox, hhlix is a turtle, so hhlix is less likely to be in a wooded area than yeyybahbjg
suhjxswlkwpo is a fox, lrdzp is a turtle, so lrdzp is less likely to be in a wooded area than suhjxswlkwpo
mzrwndnyplyu is a fox, ynb is a turtle, so ynb is less likely to be in a wooded area than mzrwndnyplyu
ypaydfgdk is a fox, pjflvhjemdi is a turtle, so pjflvhjemdi is less likely to be in a wooded area than ypaydfgdk
tnuqklv is a fox, cvnxcf is a turtle, so cvnxcf is less likely to be in a wooded area than tnuqklv
hwwouzia is a fox, eqwiu is a turtle, so hwwouzia is not less likely to be in a wooded area than eqwiu
iinfykdd is a fox, bhralwuxwfam is a turtle, so iinfykdd is not less likely to be in a wooded area than bhralwuxwfam
uheq is a fox, kxezphc is a turtle, so uheq is not less likely to be in a wooded area than kxezphc
qdrwrfbcv is a fox, gczwkj is a turtle, so qdrwrfbcv is not less likely to be in a wooded area than gczwkj
mlhi is a fox, gjkqkqfki is a turtle, so mlhi is not less likely to be in a wooded area than gjkqkqfki
eqwiu is a fox, hwwouzia is a turtle, so hwwouzia is not more likely to be in a wooded area than eqwiu
bhralwuxwfam is a fox, iinfykdd is a turtle, so iinfykdd is not more likely to be in a wooded area than bhralwuxwfam
kxezphc is a fox, uheq is a turtle, so uheq is not more likely to be in a wooded area than kxezphc
gczwkj is a fox, qdrwrfbcv is a turtle, so qdrwrfbcv is not more likely to be in a wooded area than gczwkj
gjkqkqfki is a fox, mlhi is a turtle, so mlhi is not more likely to be in a wooded area than gjkqkqfki
eycqexfpk is a rabbit, yfqzarw is a alligator, so eycqexfpk is more likely to appear suddenly than yfqzarw
jqrhp is a rabbit, jyc is a alligator, so jqrhp is more likely to appear suddenly than jyc
ddicnxn is a rabbit, jtouwrridi is a alligator, so ddicnxn is more likely to appear suddenly than jtouwrridi
kwkgvi is a rabbit, rcyaptrn is a alligator, so kwkgvi is more likely to appear suddenly than rcyaptrn
aprrnsxsdimh is a rabbit, bpqbngjzu is a alligator, so aprrnsxsdimh is more likely to appear suddenly than bpqbngjzu
eycqexfpk is a rabbit, yfqzarw is a alligator, so yfqzarw is less likely to appear suddenly than eycqexfpk
jqrhp is a rabbit, jyc is a alligator, so jyc is less likely to appear suddenly than jqrhp
ddicnxn is a rabbit, jtouwrridi is a alligator, so jtouwrridi is less likely to appear suddenly than ddicnxn
kwkgvi is a rabbit, rcyaptrn is a alligator, so rcyaptrn is less likely to appear suddenly than kwkgvi
aprrnsxsdimh is a rabbit, bpqbngjzu is a alligator, so bpqbngjzu is less likely to appear suddenly than aprrnsxsdimh
beqzqfn is a rabbit, xyv is a alligator, so beqzqfn is not less likely to appear suddenly than xyv
rznjzmikp is a rabbit, cyks is a alligator, so rznjzmikp is not less likely to appear suddenly than cyks
fezbufu is a rabbit, linjqpurgaa is a alligator, so fezbufu is not less likely to appear suddenly than linjqpurgaa
vilfmoflc is a rabbit, smhjxdb is a alligator, so vilfmoflc is not less likely to appear suddenly than smhjxdb
ealzwimxcjd is a rabbit, jhmma is a alligator, so ealzwimxcjd is not less likely to appear suddenly than jhmma
xyv is a rabbit, beqzqfn is a alligator, so beqzqfn is not more likely to appear suddenly than xyv
cyks is a rabbit, rznjzmikp is a alligator, so rznjzmikp is not more likely to appear suddenly than cyks
linjqpurgaa is a rabbit, fezbufu is a alligator, so fezbufu is not more likely to appear suddenly than linjqpurgaa
smhjxdb is a rabbit, vilfmoflc is a alligator, so vilfmoflc is not more likely to appear suddenly than smhjxdb
jhmma is a rabbit, ealzwimxcjd is a alligator, so ealzwimxcjd is not more likely to appear suddenly than jhmma
sqskirrlvzs is a chicken, xotfoizqgk is a bird, so sqskirrlvzs is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than xotfoizqgk
qxomdn is a chicken, cebnwch is a bird, so qxomdn is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than cebnwch
jlawztwjb is a chicken, zrgqotxs is a bird, so jlawztwjb is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than zrgqotxs
kek is a chicken, cjvkidthtlkg is a bird, so kek is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than cjvkidthtlkg
aibhw is a chicken, gczozhkfdpnq is a bird, so aibhw is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than gczozhkfdpnq
sqskirrlvzs is a chicken, xotfoizqgk is a bird, so xotfoizqgk is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than sqskirrlvzs
qxomdn is a chicken, cebnwch is a bird, so cebnwch is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than qxomdn
jlawztwjb is a chicken, zrgqotxs is a bird, so zrgqotxs is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than jlawztwjb
kek is a chicken, cjvkidthtlkg is a bird, so cjvkidthtlkg is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than kek
aibhw is a chicken, gczozhkfdpnq is a bird, so gczozhkfdpnq is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than aibhw
esubmozprjy is a chicken, lfluuzrxoz is a bird, so esubmozprjy is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than lfluuzrxoz
blpu is a chicken, fdbffswqj is a bird, so blpu is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than fdbffswqj
pgrjz is a chicken, attrltsm is a bird, so pgrjz is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than attrltsm
vfkv is a chicken, pis is a bird, so vfkv is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than pis
zdzw is a chicken, psspaanafhq is a bird, so zdzw is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than psspaanafhq
lfluuzrxoz is a chicken, esubmozprjy is a bird, so esubmozprjy is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than lfluuzrxoz
fdbffswqj is a chicken, blpu is a bird, so blpu is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than fdbffswqj
attrltsm is a chicken, pgrjz is a bird, so pgrjz is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than attrltsm
pis is a chicken, vfkv is a bird, so vfkv is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than pis
psspaanafhq is a chicken, zdzw is a bird, so zdzw is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than psspaanafhq
oacs is a deer, lvyqk is a bird, so oacs is more likely to be in north america than lvyqk
asotcuzk is a deer, ljt is a bird, so asotcuzk is more likely to be in north america than ljt
kkckrj is a deer, ojntqet is a bird, so kkckrj is more likely to be in north america than ojntqet
trvef is a deer, giyekhrqysca is a bird, so trvef is more likely to be in north america than giyekhrqysca
sudtg is a deer, mjnyfcrmy is a bird, so sudtg is more likely to be in north america than mjnyfcrmy
oacs is a deer, lvyqk is a bird, so lvyqk is less likely to be in north america than oacs
asotcuzk is a deer, ljt is a bird, so ljt is less likely to be in north america than asotcuzk
kkckrj is a deer, ojntqet is a bird, so ojntqet is less likely to be in north america than kkckrj
trvef is a deer, giyekhrqysca is a bird, so giyekhrqysca is less likely to be in north america than trvef
sudtg is a deer, mjnyfcrmy is a bird, so mjnyfcrmy is less likely to be in north america than sudtg
qtkvmmzhpowx is a deer, lmceqlhne is a bird, so qtkvmmzhpowx is not less likely to be in africa than lmceqlhne
ajufwhr is a deer, ehyttconouf is a bird, so ajufwhr is not less likely to be in africa than ehyttconouf
tga is a deer, fiqudwwno is a bird, so tga is not less likely to be in africa than fiqudwwno
mcn is a deer, acadjiqchr is a bird, so mcn is not less likely to be in africa than acadjiqchr
qdkeqiig is a deer, oifiyg is a bird, so qdkeqiig is not less likely to be in africa than oifiyg
lmceqlhne is a deer, qtkvmmzhpowx is a bird, so qtkvmmzhpowx is not more likely to be in north america than lmceqlhne
ehyttconouf is a deer, ajufwhr is a bird, so ajufwhr is not more likely to be in north america than ehyttconouf
fiqudwwno is a deer, tga is a bird, so tga is not more likely to be in north america than fiqudwwno
acadjiqchr is a deer, mcn is a bird, so mcn is not more likely to be in north america than acadjiqchr
oifiyg is a deer, qdkeqiig is a bird, so qdkeqiig is not more likely to be in north america than oifiyg
stcqlxwprb is a pig, idpxkdizd is a owl, so stcqlxwprb is more likely to be on the fairgrounds than idpxkdizd
lwogdggsz is a pig, kvdbw is a owl, so lwogdggsz is more likely to be on the fairgrounds than kvdbw
tlsgi is a pig, cmyxe is a owl, so tlsgi is more likely to be on the fairgrounds than cmyxe
xpkmqskaylp is a pig, qjmtecsfy is a owl, so xpkmqskaylp is more likely to be on the fairgrounds than qjmtecsfy
aunsldmdd is a pig, hfjoirjmfygy is a owl, so aunsldmdd is more likely to be on the fairgrounds than hfjoirjmfygy
stcqlxwprb is a pig, idpxkdizd is a owl, so idpxkdizd is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than stcqlxwprb
lwogdggsz is a pig, kvdbw is a owl, so kvdbw is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than lwogdggsz
tlsgi is a pig, cmyxe is a owl, so cmyxe is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than tlsgi
xpkmqskaylp is a pig, qjmtecsfy is a owl, so qjmtecsfy is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than xpkmqskaylp
aunsldmdd is a pig, hfjoirjmfygy is a owl, so hfjoirjmfygy is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than aunsldmdd
agtwcydpft is a pig, oxrrtj is a owl, so agtwcydpft is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than oxrrtj
ida is a pig, jjctd is a owl, so ida is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than jjctd
ffn is a pig, roxodw is a owl, so ffn is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than roxodw
ghjzz is a pig, fvnbka is a owl, so ghjzz is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than fvnbka
ojwmrbdedn is a pig, lqoo is a owl, so ojwmrbdedn is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than lqoo
oxrrtj is a pig, agtwcydpft is a owl, so agtwcydpft is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than oxrrtj
jjctd is a pig, ida is a owl, so ida is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than jjctd
roxodw is a pig, ffn is a owl, so ffn is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than roxodw
fvnbka is a pig, ghjzz is a owl, so ghjzz is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than fvnbka
lqoo is a pig, ojwmrbdedn is a owl, so ojwmrbdedn is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than lqoo
ptezkyjwoowp is a snake, xomavo is a alligator, so ptezkyjwoowp is more likely to be in a garden than xomavo
tptwbo is a snake, zublpc is a alligator, so tptwbo is more likely to be in a garden than zublpc
ckpufgphbjn is a snake, hwmsxx is a alligator, so ckpufgphbjn is more likely to be in a garden than hwmsxx
ywmkviuwysvz is a snake, jnxue is a alligator, so ywmkviuwysvz is more likely to be in a garden than jnxue
zawll is a snake, pdxr is a alligator, so zawll is more likely to be in a garden than pdxr
ptezkyjwoowp is a snake, xomavo is a alligator, so xomavo is less likely to be in a garden than ptezkyjwoowp
tptwbo is a snake, zublpc is a alligator, so zublpc is less likely to be in a garden than tptwbo
ckpufgphbjn is a snake, hwmsxx is a alligator, so hwmsxx is less likely to be in a garden than ckpufgphbjn
ywmkviuwysvz is a snake, jnxue is a alligator, so jnxue is less likely to be in a garden than ywmkviuwysvz
zawll is a snake, pdxr is a alligator, so pdxr is less likely to be in a garden than zawll
mukfglaf is a snake, pgpintkawjsb is a alligator, so mukfglaf is not less likely to be in a garden than pgpintkawjsb
amcwlv is a snake, ndly is a alligator, so amcwlv is not less likely to be in a garden than ndly
btm is a snake, lyksvoioctoi is a alligator, so btm is not less likely to be in a garden than lyksvoioctoi
plgeppucyvzj is a snake, ckndbyhikd is a alligator, so plgeppucyvzj is not less likely to be in a garden than ckndbyhikd
pwydm is a snake, swm is a alligator, so pwydm is not less likely to be in a garden than swm
pgpintkawjsb is a snake, mukfglaf is a alligator, so mukfglaf is not more likely to be in a garden than pgpintkawjsb
ndly is a snake, amcwlv is a alligator, so amcwlv is not more likely to be in a garden than ndly
lyksvoioctoi is a snake, btm is a alligator, so btm is not more likely to be in a garden than lyksvoioctoi
ckndbyhikd is a snake, plgeppucyvzj is a alligator, so plgeppucyvzj is not more likely to be in a garden than ckndbyhikd
swm is a snake, pwydm is a alligator, so pwydm is not more likely to be in a garden than swm
amloq is a spider, lnxn is a rabbit, so amloq is more likely to kill an insect than lnxn
klfzq is a spider, cylvpnyn is a rabbit, so klfzq is more likely to kill an insect than cylvpnyn
exwvxtti is a spider, jevgk is a rabbit, so exwvxtti is more likely to kill an insect than jevgk
xfcgjbtvwabl is a spider, iifhawtybe is a rabbit, so xfcgjbtvwabl is more likely to kill an insect than iifhawtybe
ybqqrqe is a spider, gxjjtnpe is a rabbit, so ybqqrqe is more likely to kill an insect than gxjjtnpe
amloq is a spider, lnxn is a rabbit, so lnxn is less likely to kill an insect than amloq
klfzq is a spider, cylvpnyn is a rabbit, so cylvpnyn is less likely to kill an insect than klfzq
exwvxtti is a spider, jevgk is a rabbit, so jevgk is less likely to kill an insect than exwvxtti
xfcgjbtvwabl is a spider, iifhawtybe is a rabbit, so iifhawtybe is less likely to kill an insect than xfcgjbtvwabl
ybqqrqe is a spider, gxjjtnpe is a rabbit, so gxjjtnpe is less likely to kill an insect than ybqqrqe
debjwlftsd is a spider, gmeqmhbfbh is a rabbit, so debjwlftsd is not less likely to kill an insect than gmeqmhbfbh
bnrkuusufnuv is a spider, mookioux is a rabbit, so bnrkuusufnuv is not less likely to kill an insect than mookioux
makc is a spider, olbtoirvwpm is a rabbit, so makc is not less likely to kill an insect than olbtoirvwpm
pzhowyka is a spider, jcvndptcib is a rabbit, so pzhowyka is not less likely to kill an insect than jcvndptcib
iiw is a spider, eeu is a rabbit, so iiw is not less likely to kill an insect than eeu
gmeqmhbfbh is a spider, debjwlftsd is a rabbit, so debjwlftsd is not more likely to kill an insect than gmeqmhbfbh
mookioux is a spider, bnrkuusufnuv is a rabbit, so bnrkuusufnuv is not more likely to kill an insect than mookioux
olbtoirvwpm is a spider, makc is a rabbit, so makc is not more likely to kill an insect than olbtoirvwpm
jcvndptcib is a spider, pzhowyka is a rabbit, so pzhowyka is not more likely to kill an insect than jcvndptcib
eeu is a spider, iiw is a rabbit, so iiw is not more likely to kill an insect than eeu
kzjunpvfvp is a monkey, ynqtosucc is a frog, so kzjunpvfvp is more likely to be in a tree than ynqtosucc
ntxipd is a monkey, veiebssbwhh is a frog, so ntxipd is more likely to be in a tree than veiebssbwhh
rpo is a monkey, ccee is a frog, so rpo is more likely to be in a tree than ccee
kvnzpftr is a monkey, zcyedacsy is a frog, so kvnzpftr is more likely to be in a tree than zcyedacsy
iefo is a monkey, aevvsrttetzt is a frog, so iefo is more likely to be in a tree than aevvsrttetzt
kzjunpvfvp is a monkey, ynqtosucc is a frog, so ynqtosucc is less likely to move from one tree to another than kzjunpvfvp
ntxipd is a monkey, veiebssbwhh is a frog, so veiebssbwhh is less likely to move from one tree to another than ntxipd
rpo is a monkey, ccee is a frog, so ccee is less likely to move from one tree to another than rpo
kvnzpftr is a monkey, zcyedacsy is a frog, so zcyedacsy is less likely to move from one tree to another than kvnzpftr
iefo is a monkey, aevvsrttetzt is a frog, so aevvsrttetzt is less likely to move from one tree to another than iefo
uio is a monkey, oupjvuircq is a frog, so uio is not less likely to move from one tree to another than oupjvuircq
nlnrlilxwt is a monkey, ndb is a frog, so nlnrlilxwt is not less likely to move from one tree to another than ndb
yjej is a monkey, ybszdwjdp is a frog, so yjej is not less likely to move from one tree to another than ybszdwjdp
hqmvip is a monkey, qwkehibr is a frog, so hqmvip is not less likely to move from one tree to another than qwkehibr
oefkz is a monkey, aafepb is a frog, so oefkz is not less likely to move from one tree to another than aafepb
oupjvuircq is a monkey, uio is a frog, so uio is not more likely to be in a tree than oupjvuircq
ndb is a monkey, nlnrlilxwt is a frog, so nlnrlilxwt is not more likely to be in a tree than ndb
ybszdwjdp is a monkey, yjej is a frog, so yjej is not more likely to be in a tree than ybszdwjdp
qwkehibr is a monkey, hqmvip is a frog, so hqmvip is not more likely to be in a tree than qwkehibr
aafepb is a monkey, oefkz is a frog, so oefkz is not more likely to be in a tree than aafepb
qoianyjcu is a cow, uhq is a scorpion, so qoianyjcu is more likely to blow his horn than uhq
bqou is a cow, lajvwdrbtcal is a scorpion, so bqou is more likely to blow his horn than lajvwdrbtcal
xjf is a cow, nhbhjts is a scorpion, so xjf is more likely to blow his horn than nhbhjts
ekcokg is a cow, eppqlstcxafy is a scorpion, so ekcokg is more likely to blow his horn than eppqlstcxafy
ngicjlffx is a cow, ilrzh is a scorpion, so ngicjlffx is more likely to blow his horn than ilrzh
qoianyjcu is a cow, uhq is a scorpion, so uhq is less likely to blow his horn than qoianyjcu
bqou is a cow, lajvwdrbtcal is a scorpion, so lajvwdrbtcal is less likely to blow his horn than bqou
xjf is a cow, nhbhjts is a scorpion, so nhbhjts is less likely to blow his horn than xjf
ekcokg is a cow, eppqlstcxafy is a scorpion, so eppqlstcxafy is less likely to blow his horn than ekcokg
ngicjlffx is a cow, ilrzh is a scorpion, so ilrzh is less likely to blow his horn than ngicjlffx
soyyk is a cow, ncwirddwtfu is a scorpion, so soyyk is not less likely to blow his horn than ncwirddwtfu
fwchy is a cow, kplehpmghalk is a scorpion, so fwchy is not less likely to blow his horn than kplehpmghalk
wvlvlrofebcl is a cow, mmzxnyjnsclj is a scorpion, so wvlvlrofebcl is not less likely to blow his horn than mmzxnyjnsclj
mwtgh is a cow, xoimxz is a scorpion, so mwtgh is not less likely to blow his horn than xoimxz
oudcbysizga is a cow, falewlde is a scorpion, so oudcbysizga is not less likely to blow his horn than falewlde
ncwirddwtfu is a cow, soyyk is a scorpion, so soyyk is not more likely to blow his horn than ncwirddwtfu
kplehpmghalk is a cow, fwchy is a scorpion, so fwchy is not more likely to blow his horn than kplehpmghalk
mmzxnyjnsclj is a cow, wvlvlrofebcl is a scorpion, so wvlvlrofebcl is not more likely to blow his horn than mmzxnyjnsclj
xoimxz is a cow, mwtgh is a scorpion, so mwtgh is not more likely to blow his horn than xoimxz
falewlde is a cow, oudcbysizga is a scorpion, so oudcbysizga is not more likely to blow his horn than falewlde
tyhap is a cat, ssfqazj is a kangaroo, so tyhap is more likely to be in someone's home than ssfqazj
vvp is a cat, jiqwcety is a kangaroo, so vvp is more likely to be in someone's home than jiqwcety
gsteacf is a cat, qqf is a kangaroo, so gsteacf is more likely to be in someone's home than qqf
ntuhbnz is a cat, qrhac is a kangaroo, so ntuhbnz is more likely to be in someone's home than qrhac
nfspvla is a cat, jrqlie is a kangaroo, so nfspvla is more likely to be in someone's home than jrqlie
tyhap is a cat, ssfqazj is a kangaroo, so ssfqazj is less likely to be in someone's home than tyhap
vvp is a cat, jiqwcety is a kangaroo, so jiqwcety is less likely to be in someone's home than vvp
gsteacf is a cat, qqf is a kangaroo, so qqf is less likely to be in someone's home than gsteacf
ntuhbnz is a cat, qrhac is a kangaroo, so qrhac is less likely to be in someone's home than ntuhbnz
nfspvla is a cat, jrqlie is a kangaroo, so jrqlie is less likely to be in someone's home than nfspvla
ykoubzivwfky is a cat, xchsspmzxmb is a kangaroo, so ykoubzivwfky is not less likely to be in someone's home than xchsspmzxmb
avtxftmw is a cat, skxopiqiqya is a kangaroo, so avtxftmw is not less likely to be in someone's home than skxopiqiqya
rkpoobkgxt is a cat, evdpr is a kangaroo, so rkpoobkgxt is not less likely to be in someone's home than evdpr
fpthvgkhpp is a cat, fslspssnxjg is a kangaroo, so fpthvgkhpp is not less likely to be in someone's home than fslspssnxjg
rbbgmyw is a cat, caae is a kangaroo, so rbbgmyw is not less likely to be in someone's home than caae
xchsspmzxmb is a cat, ykoubzivwfky is a kangaroo, so ykoubzivwfky is not more likely to be in someone's home than xchsspmzxmb
skxopiqiqya is a cat, avtxftmw is a kangaroo, so avtxftmw is not more likely to be in someone's home than skxopiqiqya
evdpr is a cat, rkpoobkgxt is a kangaroo, so rkpoobkgxt is not more likely to be in someone's home than evdpr
fslspssnxjg is a cat, fpthvgkhpp is a kangaroo, so fpthvgkhpp is not more likely to be in someone's home than fslspssnxjg
caae is a cat, rbbgmyw is a kangaroo, so rbbgmyw is not more likely to be in someone's home than caae
juordc is a frog, eqjnvzrrvj is a kangaroo, so juordc is more likely to win a princess than eqjnvzrrvj
qka is a frog, pcajebqn is a kangaroo, so qka is more likely to win a princess than pcajebqn
nwpqxwrqye is a frog, wwrrclkwh is a kangaroo, so nwpqxwrqye is more likely to win a princess than wwrrclkwh
tahfctze is a frog, ebootjb is a kangaroo, so tahfctze is more likely to win a princess than ebootjb
jppxe is a frog, sgyyvmgpdwi is a kangaroo, so jppxe is more likely to win a princess than sgyyvmgpdwi
juordc is a frog, eqjnvzrrvj is a kangaroo, so eqjnvzrrvj is less likely to win a princess than juordc
qka is a frog, pcajebqn is a kangaroo, so pcajebqn is less likely to win a princess than qka
nwpqxwrqye is a frog, wwrrclkwh is a kangaroo, so wwrrclkwh is less likely to win a princess than nwpqxwrqye
tahfctze is a frog, ebootjb is a kangaroo, so ebootjb is less likely to win a princess than tahfctze
jppxe is a frog, sgyyvmgpdwi is a kangaroo, so sgyyvmgpdwi is less likely to win a princess than jppxe
eedyxboj is a frog, xycqx is a kangaroo, so eedyxboj is not less likely to win a princess than xycqx
ofvxqlf is a frog, ybpe is a kangaroo, so ofvxqlf is not less likely to win a princess than ybpe
yuvlztvye is a frog, kqhjx is a kangaroo, so yuvlztvye is not less likely to win a princess than kqhjx
yzkbjxgy is a frog, dbaquouy is a kangaroo, so yzkbjxgy is not less likely to win a princess than dbaquouy
yspjq is a frog, tsp is a kangaroo, so yspjq is not less likely to win a princess than tsp
xycqx is a frog, eedyxboj is a kangaroo, so eedyxboj is not more likely to win a princess than xycqx
ybpe is a frog, ofvxqlf is a kangaroo, so ofvxqlf is not more likely to win a princess than ybpe
kqhjx is a frog, yuvlztvye is a kangaroo, so yuvlztvye is not more likely to win a princess than kqhjx
dbaquouy is a frog, yzkbjxgy is a kangaroo, so yzkbjxgy is not more likely to win a princess than dbaquouy
tsp is a frog, yspjq is a kangaroo, so yspjq is not more likely to win a princess than tsp
ezcjav is a goat, vxvvaglhd is a lobster, so ezcjav is more likely to be on a farm than vxvvaglhd
gpwogftc is a goat, aealm is a lobster, so gpwogftc is more likely to be on a farm than aealm
utbesgapwy is a goat, onhkgbevm is a lobster, so utbesgapwy is more likely to be on a farm than onhkgbevm
ditcoislqw is a goat, xaflvk is a lobster, so ditcoislqw is more likely to be on a farm than xaflvk
iyqsecglz is a goat, saj is a lobster, so iyqsecglz is more likely to be on a farm than saj
ezcjav is a goat, vxvvaglhd is a lobster, so vxvvaglhd is less likely to be on a farm than ezcjav
gpwogftc is a goat, aealm is a lobster, so aealm is less likely to be on a farm than gpwogftc
utbesgapwy is a goat, onhkgbevm is a lobster, so onhkgbevm is less likely to be on a farm than utbesgapwy
ditcoislqw is a goat, xaflvk is a lobster, so xaflvk is less likely to be on a farm than ditcoislqw
iyqsecglz is a goat, saj is a lobster, so saj is less likely to be on a farm than iyqsecglz
cvlhqxwed is a goat, zsenmhxcvu is a lobster, so cvlhqxwed is not less likely to be on a farm than zsenmhxcvu
yxyoxfc is a goat, gduvzc is a lobster, so yxyoxfc is not less likely to be on a farm than gduvzc
lpkphr is a goat, ulylhbfpv is a lobster, so lpkphr is not less likely to be on a farm than ulylhbfpv
ysyle is a goat, jrf is a lobster, so ysyle is not less likely to be on a farm than jrf
bkod is a goat, rzfwewqjnvmj is a lobster, so bkod is not less likely to be on a farm than rzfwewqjnvmj
zsenmhxcvu is a goat, cvlhqxwed is a lobster, so cvlhqxwed is not more likely to be on a farm than zsenmhxcvu
gduvzc is a goat, yxyoxfc is a lobster, so yxyoxfc is not more likely to be on a farm than gduvzc
ulylhbfpv is a goat, lpkphr is a lobster, so lpkphr is not more likely to be on a farm than ulylhbfpv
jrf is a goat, ysyle is a lobster, so ysyle is not more likely to be on a farm than jrf
rzfwewqjnvmj is a goat, bkod is a lobster, so bkod is not more likely to be on a farm than rzfwewqjnvmj
rfdpatvmabij is a spider, orjczyjdgcp is a horse, so rfdpatvmabij is more likely to be in a web than orjczyjdgcp
hrtwgp is a spider, mralkyoxc is a horse, so hrtwgp is more likely to be in a web than mralkyoxc
zkolv is a spider, yxkpjf is a horse, so zkolv is more likely to be in a web than yxkpjf
ynsmmx is a spider, epg is a horse, so ynsmmx is more likely to be in a web than epg
gdqz is a spider, bhygery is a horse, so gdqz is more likely to be in a web than bhygery
rfdpatvmabij is a spider, orjczyjdgcp is a horse, so orjczyjdgcp is less likely to be in a web than rfdpatvmabij
hrtwgp is a spider, mralkyoxc is a horse, so mralkyoxc is less likely to be in a web than hrtwgp
zkolv is a spider, yxkpjf is a horse, so yxkpjf is less likely to be in a web than zkolv
ynsmmx is a spider, epg is a horse, so epg is less likely to be in a web than ynsmmx
gdqz is a spider, bhygery is a horse, so bhygery is less likely to be in a web than gdqz
iflrv is a spider, lsedomcfi is a horse, so iflrv is not less likely to be in a web than lsedomcfi
uuljpycjxl is a spider, riuk is a horse, so uuljpycjxl is not less likely to be in a web than riuk
obpyzkt is a spider, aqq is a horse, so obpyzkt is not less likely to be in a web than aqq
fttyomsooe is a spider, quwxphx is a horse, so fttyomsooe is not less likely to be in a web than quwxphx
vbj is a spider, dbbqiginwxrp is a horse, so vbj is not less likely to be in a web than dbbqiginwxrp
lsedomcfi is a spider, iflrv is a horse, so iflrv is not more likely to be in a web than lsedomcfi
riuk is a spider, uuljpycjxl is a horse, so uuljpycjxl is not more likely to be in a web than riuk
aqq is a spider, obpyzkt is a horse, so obpyzkt is not more likely to be in a web than aqq
quwxphx is a spider, fttyomsooe is a horse, so fttyomsooe is not more likely to be in a web than quwxphx
dbbqiginwxrp is a spider, vbj is a horse, so vbj is not more likely to be in a web than dbbqiginwxrp
fjw is a rat, pviuqncdvvnb is a deer, so fjw is more likely to eat wires than pviuqncdvvnb
rkfodb is a rat, npgvroy is a deer, so rkfodb is more likely to eat wires than npgvroy
qeiekii is a rat, jbfbjqkgvcwt is a deer, so qeiekii is more likely to eat wires than jbfbjqkgvcwt
ieblnmbbxc is a rat, hbivvtx is a deer, so ieblnmbbxc is more likely to eat wires than hbivvtx
cxbgepm is a rat, bri is a deer, so cxbgepm is more likely to eat wires than bri
fjw is a rat, pviuqncdvvnb is a deer, so pviuqncdvvnb is less likely to eat wires than fjw
rkfodb is a rat, npgvroy is a deer, so npgvroy is less likely to eat wires than rkfodb
qeiekii is a rat, jbfbjqkgvcwt is a deer, so jbfbjqkgvcwt is less likely to eat wires than qeiekii
ieblnmbbxc is a rat, hbivvtx is a deer, so hbivvtx is less likely to eat wires than ieblnmbbxc
cxbgepm is a rat, bri is a deer, so bri is less likely to eat wires than cxbgepm
rvgsgxj is a rat, rmje is a deer, so rvgsgxj is not less likely to eat wires than rmje
qlqkfndb is a rat, hlsyrrmn is a deer, so qlqkfndb is not less likely to eat wires than hlsyrrmn
vnk is a rat, ftlxgxzfw is a deer, so vnk is not less likely to eat wires than ftlxgxzfw
dmxmd is a rat, smmwmttne is a deer, so dmxmd is not less likely to eat wires than smmwmttne
wwmgvvpe is a rat, efr is a deer, so wwmgvvpe is not less likely to eat wires than efr
rmje is a rat, rvgsgxj is a deer, so rvgsgxj is not more likely to eat wires than rmje
hlsyrrmn is a rat, qlqkfndb is a deer, so qlqkfndb is not more likely to eat wires than hlsyrrmn
ftlxgxzfw is a rat, vnk is a deer, so vnk is not more likely to eat wires than ftlxgxzfw
smmwmttne is a rat, dmxmd is a deer, so dmxmd is not more likely to eat wires than smmwmttne
efr is a rat, wwmgvvpe is a deer, so wwmgvvpe is not more likely to eat wires than efr
ldpvm is a bird, pev is a octopus, so ldpvm is more likely to learn to fly than pev
vrkgtzapjxi is a bird, uffpopugzv is a octopus, so vrkgtzapjxi is more likely to learn to fly than uffpopugzv
rvicilrm is a bird, owg is a octopus, so rvicilrm is more likely to learn to fly than owg
tpnwrwams is a bird, nfamfodpl is a octopus, so tpnwrwams is more likely to learn to fly than nfamfodpl
fvvbgxg is a bird, znj is a octopus, so fvvbgxg is more likely to learn to fly than znj
ldpvm is a bird, pev is an octopus, so pev is less likely to fly than ldpvm
vrkgtzapjxi is a bird, uffpopugzv is an octopus, so uffpopugzv is less likely to fly than vrkgtzapjxi
rvicilrm is a bird, owg is an octopus, so owg is less likely to fly than rvicilrm
tpnwrwams is a bird, nfamfodpl is an octopus, so nfamfodpl is less likely to fly than tpnwrwams
fvvbgxg is a bird, znj is an octopus, so znj is less likely to fly than fvvbgxg
peqsgyzgdyf is a bird, jbdpwwr is an octopus, so peqsgyzgdyf is not less likely to learn to fly than jbdpwwr
fztncutvkdr is a bird, gbiwr is an octopus, so fztncutvkdr is not less likely to learn to fly than gbiwr
ngwdygiif is a bird, eosakrpsjfh is an octopus, so ngwdygiif is not less likely to learn to fly than eosakrpsjfh
vyikqfr is a bird, ypaillfe is an octopus, so vyikqfr is not less likely to learn to fly than ypaillfe
sbbpbraqg is a bird, vdxetse is an octopus, so sbbpbraqg is not less likely to learn to fly than vdxetse
jbdpwwr is a bird, peqsgyzgdyf is an octopus, so peqsgyzgdyf is not more likely to learn to fly than jbdpwwr
gbiwr is a bird, fztncutvkdr is an octopus, so fztncutvkdr is not more likely to learn to fly than gbiwr
eosakrpsjfh is a bird, ngwdygiif is an octopus, so ngwdygiif is not more likely to learn to fly than eosakrpsjfh
ypaillfe is a bird, vyikqfr is an octopus, so vyikqfr is not more likely to learn to fly than ypaillfe
vdxetse is a bird, sbbpbraqg is an octopus, so sbbpbraqg is not more likely to learn to fly than vdxetse
itpy is a cat, kfpzd is a panda, so itpy is more likely to drink water than kfpzd
aniefaaied is a cat, xjse is a panda, so aniefaaied is more likely to drink water than xjse
oiggulvifk is a cat, ilxfvrvzrf is a panda, so oiggulvifk is more likely to drink water than ilxfvrvzrf
szt is a cat, sqzlve is a panda, so szt is more likely to drink water than sqzlve
soycamtq is a cat, lnyvsmpdvzoz is a panda, so soycamtq is more likely to drink water than lnyvsmpdvzoz
itpy is a cat, kfpzd is a panda, so kfpzd is less likely to drink water than itpy
aniefaaied is a cat, xjse is a panda, so xjse is less likely to drink water than aniefaaied
oiggulvifk is a cat, ilxfvrvzrf is a panda, so ilxfvrvzrf is less likely to drink water than oiggulvifk
szt is a cat, sqzlve is a panda, so sqzlve is less likely to drink water than szt
soycamtq is a cat, lnyvsmpdvzoz is a panda, so lnyvsmpdvzoz is less likely to drink water than soycamtq
fyhvcz is a cat, son is a panda, so fyhvcz is not more likely to drink water than son
wyfb is a cat, lwmzsdlkmc is a panda, so wyfb is not more likely to drink water than lwmzsdlkmc
hyfxhihaegn is a cat, nbkmmiamte is a panda, so hyfxhihaegn is not more likely to drink water than nbkmmiamte
ihtvebw is a cat, waac is a panda, so ihtvebw is not more likely to drink water than waac
zyzpng is a cat, fytbkhpr is a panda, so zyzpng is not more likely to drink water than fytbkhpr
son is a cat, fyhvcz is a panda, so fyhvcz is not more likely to drink water than son
lwmzsdlkmc is a cat, wyfb is a panda, so wyfb is not more likely to drink water than lwmzsdlkmc
nbkmmiamte is a cat, hyfxhihaegn is a panda, so hyfxhihaegn is not more likely to drink water than nbkmmiamte
waac is a cat, ihtvebw is a panda, so ihtvebw is not more likely to drink water than waac
fytbkhpr is a cat, zyzpng is a panda, so zyzpng is not more likely to drink water than fytbkhpr
dhg is a tiger, staamuxjbqxc is a goat, so dhg is more likely to be in the jungle than staamuxjbqxc
jyl is a tiger, lozzlulp is a goat, so jyl is more likely to be in the jungle than lozzlulp
jxbd is a tiger, hwlvxaghmd is a goat, so jxbd is more likely to be in the jungle than hwlvxaghmd
twamuvf is a tiger, deda is a goat, so twamuvf is more likely to be in the jungle than deda
kru is a tiger, opllqcqs is a goat, so kru is more likely to be in the jungle than opllqcqs
dhg is a tiger, staamuxjbqxc is a goat, so staamuxjbqxc is less likely to be in the jungle than dhg
jyl is a tiger, lozzlulp is a goat, so lozzlulp is less likely to be in the jungle than jyl
jxbd is a tiger, hwlvxaghmd is a goat, so hwlvxaghmd is less likely to be in the jungle than jxbd
twamuvf is a tiger, deda is a goat, so deda is less likely to be in the jungle than twamuvf
kru is a tiger, opllqcqs is a goat, so opllqcqs is less likely to be in the jungle than kru
papwj is a tiger, sxozvkajevmt is a goat, so papwj is not less likely to be in the jungle than sxozvkajevmt
rorveqzbog is a tiger, xdfazdom is a goat, so rorveqzbog is not less likely to be in the jungle than xdfazdom
hwwwwjg is a tiger, nekwvhx is a goat, so hwwwwjg is not less likely to be in the jungle than nekwvhx
wctrx is a tiger, glenyzedrjwy is a goat, so wctrx is not less likely to be in the jungle than glenyzedrjwy
bsbr is a tiger, qmmtudqbh is a goat, so bsbr is not less likely to be in the jungle than qmmtudqbh
sxozvkajevmt is a tiger, papwj is a goat, so papwj is not more likely to be in the jungle than sxozvkajevmt
xdfazdom is a tiger, rorveqzbog is a goat, so rorveqzbog is not more likely to be in the jungle than xdfazdom
nekwvhx is a tiger, hwwwwjg is a goat, so hwwwwjg is not more likely to be in the jungle than nekwvhx
glenyzedrjwy is a tiger, wctrx is a goat, so wctrx is not more likely to be in the jungle than glenyzedrjwy
qmmtudqbh is a tiger, bsbr is a goat, so bsbr is not more likely to be in the jungle than qmmtudqbh
shqlqgzffje is a pig, asdlzlqr is a wolf, so shqlqgzffje is less likely to be in a poke than asdlzlqr
blczoyvt is a pig, fmjm is a wolf, so blczoyvt is less likely to be in a poke than fmjm
szciaxfcq is a pig, bipolzuyptml is a wolf, so szciaxfcq is less likely to be in a poke than bipolzuyptml
gizzde is a pig, kexmqjhzpfr is a wolf, so gizzde is less likely to be in a poke than kexmqjhzpfr
vmi is a pig, blp is a wolf, so vmi is less likely to be in a poke than blp
shqlqgzffje is a pig, asdlzlqr is a wolf, so asdlzlqr is less likely to be in a poke than shqlqgzffje
blczoyvt is a pig, fmjm is a wolf, so fmjm is less likely to be in a poke than blczoyvt
szciaxfcq is a pig, bipolzuyptml is a wolf, so bipolzuyptml is less likely to be in a poke than szciaxfcq
gizzde is a pig, kexmqjhzpfr is a wolf, so kexmqjhzpfr is less likely to be in a poke than gizzde
vmi is a pig, blp is a wolf, so blp is less likely to be in a poke than vmi
dett is a pig, dfevdbak is a wolf, so dett is not less likely to be in a poke than dfevdbak
vymdsg is a pig, xfeavs is a wolf, so vymdsg is not less likely to be in a poke than xfeavs
ovcrlrowhkm is a pig, xkldla is a wolf, so ovcrlrowhkm is not less likely to be in a poke than xkldla
gfna is a pig, igjfcl is a wolf, so gfna is not less likely to be in a poke than igjfcl
bxzkdzsok is a pig, hojtwbyiem is a wolf, so bxzkdzsok is not less likely to be in a poke than hojtwbyiem
dfevdbak is a pig, dett is a wolf, so dett is not more likely to be in a poke than dfevdbak
xfeavs is a pig, vymdsg is a wolf, so vymdsg is not more likely to be in a poke than xfeavs
xkldla is a pig, ovcrlrowhkm is a wolf, so ovcrlrowhkm is not more likely to be in a poke than xkldla
igjfcl is a pig, gfna is a wolf, so gfna is not more likely to be in a poke than igjfcl
hojtwbyiem is a pig, bxzkdzsok is a wolf, so bxzkdzsok is not more likely to be in a poke than hojtwbyiem
sxaxhmnxk is a snake, sckle is a cheetah, so sxaxhmnxk is more likely to slither down the street than sckle
acnlls is a snake, hakxaf is a cheetah, so acnlls is more likely to slither down the street than hakxaf
khgpu is a snake, uypkenlprjx is a cheetah, so khgpu is more likely to slither down the street than uypkenlprjx
zkbreevizpr is a snake, lkzmrhjv is a cheetah, so zkbreevizpr is more likely to slither down the street than lkzmrhjv
bwlr is a snake, pfedqisjn is a cheetah, so bwlr is more likely to slither down the street than pfedqisjn
sxaxhmnxk is a snake, sckle is a cheetah, so sckle is less likely to slither down the street than sxaxhmnxk
acnlls is a snake, hakxaf is a cheetah, so hakxaf is less likely to slither down the street than acnlls
khgpu is a snake, uypkenlprjx is a cheetah, so uypkenlprjx is less likely to slither down the street than khgpu
zkbreevizpr is a snake, lkzmrhjv is a cheetah, so lkzmrhjv is less likely to slither down the street than zkbreevizpr
bwlr is a snake, pfedqisjn is a cheetah, so pfedqisjn is less likely to slither down the street than bwlr
kcvpggvapru is a snake, mhlw is a cheetah, so kcvpggvapru is not less likely to slither down the street than mhlw
uweabdl is a snake, zgdbflxxz is a cheetah, so uweabdl is not less likely to slither down the street than zgdbflxxz
ubvxlrz is a snake, obzfunhuppwt is a cheetah, so ubvxlrz is not less likely to slither down the street than obzfunhuppwt
sdajtdatj is a snake, elbuianqq is a cheetah, so sdajtdatj is not less likely to slither down the street than elbuianqq
zsqpfwhvfq is a snake, reqlxypbhao is a cheetah, so zsqpfwhvfq is not less likely to slither down the street than reqlxypbhao
mhlw is a snake, kcvpggvapru is a cheetah, so kcvpggvapru is not more likely to slither down the street than mhlw
zgdbflxxz is a snake, uweabdl is a cheetah, so uweabdl is not more likely to slither down the street than zgdbflxxz
obzfunhuppwt is a snake, ubvxlrz is a cheetah, so ubvxlrz is not more likely to slither down the street than obzfunhuppwt
elbuianqq is a snake, sdajtdatj is a cheetah, so sdajtdatj is not more likely to slither down the street than elbuianqq
reqlxypbhao is a snake, zsqpfwhvfq is a cheetah, so zsqpfwhvfq is not more likely to slither down the street than reqlxypbhao
mcjjs is a turtle, rxfgacjztcu is a squirrel, so mcjjs is less likely to be in water than rxfgacjztcu
ahxccuvo is a turtle, jidkppuavjq is a squirrel, so ahxccuvo is less likely to be in water than jidkppuavjq
lcbjxj is a turtle, zlarx is a squirrel, so lcbjxj is less likely to be in water than zlarx
udtablvvp is a turtle, jxhftnaoslls is a squirrel, so udtablvvp is less likely to be in water than jxhftnaoslls
aqljifnrf is a turtle, rakvny is a squirrel, so aqljifnrf is less likely to be in water than rakvny
mcjjs is a turtle, rxfgacjztcu is a squirrel, so rxfgacjztcu is less likely to be in water than mcjjs
ahxccuvo is a turtle, jidkppuavjq is a squirrel, so jidkppuavjq is less likely to be in water than ahxccuvo
lcbjxj is a turtle, zlarx is a squirrel, so zlarx is less likely to be in water than lcbjxj
udtablvvp is a turtle, jxhftnaoslls is a squirrel, so jxhftnaoslls is less likely to be in water than udtablvvp
aqljifnrf is a turtle, rakvny is a squirrel, so rakvny is less likely to be in water than aqljifnrf
wpkj is a turtle, sqczlqrefev is a squirrel, so wpkj is not less likely to be in water than sqczlqrefev
hodz is a turtle, dvxjc is a squirrel, so hodz is not less likely to be in water than dvxjc
fdwcdywmlly is a turtle, djcy is a squirrel, so fdwcdywmlly is not less likely to be in water than djcy
dnkme is a turtle, jgvicpivv is a squirrel, so dnkme is not less likely to be in water than jgvicpivv
ekjtptxhv is a turtle, bbypiiqcy is a squirrel, so ekjtptxhv is not less likely to be in water than bbypiiqcy
sqczlqrefev is a turtle, wpkj is a squirrel, so wpkj is not more likely to be in water than sqczlqrefev
dvxjc is a turtle, hodz is a squirrel, so hodz is not more likely to be in water than dvxjc
djcy is a turtle, fdwcdywmlly is a squirrel, so fdwcdywmlly is not more likely to be in water than djcy
jgvicpivv is a turtle, dnkme is a squirrel, so dnkme is not more likely to be in water than jgvicpivv
bbypiiqcy is a turtle, ekjtptxhv is a squirrel, so ekjtptxhv is not more likely to be in water than bbypiiqcy
vyiwebpd is a bee, lsjxsqwbhj is a goat, so vyiwebpd is more likely to be in a swarm than lsjxsqwbhj
rilvs is a bee, ilppvjqplmej is a goat, so rilvs is more likely to be in a swarm than ilppvjqplmej
ajgqmhxe is a bee, usmtlisel is a goat, so ajgqmhxe is more likely to be in a swarm than usmtlisel
fwcduxhbkp is a bee, kxvyv is a goat, so fwcduxhbkp is more likely to be in a swarm than kxvyv
saazaldzeocb is a bee, gobxqtvah is a goat, so saazaldzeocb is more likely to be in a swarm than gobxqtvah
vyiwebpd is a bee, lsjxsqwbhj is a goat, so lsjxsqwbhj is less likely to be in a swarm than vyiwebpd
rilvs is a bee, ilppvjqplmej is a goat, so ilppvjqplmej is less likely to be in a swarm than rilvs
ajgqmhxe is a bee, usmtlisel is a goat, so usmtlisel is less likely to be in a swarm than ajgqmhxe
fwcduxhbkp is a bee, kxvyv is a goat, so kxvyv is less likely to be in a swarm than fwcduxhbkp
saazaldzeocb is a bee, gobxqtvah is a goat, so gobxqtvah is less likely to be in a swarm than saazaldzeocb
cwl is a bee, wollhaghompn is a goat, so cwl is not less likely to be in a swarm than wollhaghompn
wkjqoszsfyy is a bee, xxnaneqko is a goat, so wkjqoszsfyy is not less likely to be in a swarm than xxnaneqko
pfx is a bee, gthfwuel is a goat, so pfx is not less likely to be in a swarm than gthfwuel
cxbyixk is a bee, tbftrbqtqv is a goat, so cxbyixk is not less likely to be in a swarm than tbftrbqtqv
nazvyvybx is a bee, aahsn is a goat, so nazvyvybx is not less likely to be in a swarm than aahsn
wollhaghompn is a bee, cwl is a goat, so cwl is not more likely to be in a swarm than wollhaghompn
xxnaneqko is a bee, wkjqoszsfyy is a goat, so wkjqoszsfyy is not more likely to be in a swarm than xxnaneqko
gthfwuel is a bee, pfx is a goat, so pfx is not more likely to be in a swarm than gthfwuel
tbftrbqtqv is a bee, cxbyixk is a goat, so cxbyixk is not more likely to be in a swarm than tbftrbqtqv
aahsn is a bee, nazvyvybx is a goat, so nazvyvybx is not more likely to be in a swarm than aahsn
ncb is a frog, adwagdgqncnu is a cheetah, so ncb is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than adwagdgqncnu
uxvpxdxexxbv is a frog, cditmwtsy is a cheetah, so uxvpxdxexxbv is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than cditmwtsy
gux is a frog, myajy is a cheetah, so gux is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than myajy
fdnxfifsqk is a frog, abxxqm is a cheetah, so fdnxfifsqk is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than abxxqm
mqslecmxyp is a frog, sfqsa is a cheetah, so mqslecmxyp is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than sfqsa
ncb is a frog, adwagdgqncnu is a cheetah, so adwagdgqncnu is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than ncb
uxvpxdxexxbv is a frog, cditmwtsy is a cheetah, so cditmwtsy is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than uxvpxdxexxbv
gux is a frog, myajy is a cheetah, so myajy is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than gux
fdnxfifsqk is a frog, abxxqm is a cheetah, so abxxqm is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than fdnxfifsqk
mqslecmxyp is a frog, sfqsa is a cheetah, so sfqsa is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than mqslecmxyp
hxsei is a frog, hzftvfi is a cheetah, so hxsei is not less likely to catch flies than hzftvfi
bkrzyg is a frog, zirtq is a cheetah, so bkrzyg is not less likely to catch flies than zirtq
mddubkuvdp is a frog, mezljrytcx is a cheetah, so mddubkuvdp is not less likely to catch flies than mezljrytcx
bbydgycyb is a frog, xmnm is a cheetah, so bbydgycyb is not less likely to catch flies than xmnm
tzzkspxoyphd is a frog, ptrwl is a cheetah, so tzzkspxoyphd is not less likely to catch flies than ptrwl
hzftvfi is a frog, hxsei is a cheetah, so hxsei is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than hzftvfi
zirtq is a frog, bkrzyg is a cheetah, so bkrzyg is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than zirtq
mezljrytcx is a frog, mddubkuvdp is a cheetah, so mddubkuvdp is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than mezljrytcx
xmnm is a frog, bbydgycyb is a cheetah, so bbydgycyb is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than xmnm
ptrwl is a frog, tzzkspxoyphd is a cheetah, so tzzkspxoyphd is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than ptrwl
prshv is a dog, hdevgl is a scorpion, so prshv is more likely to be on the porch than hdevgl
sengqc is a dog, qeye is a scorpion, so sengqc is more likely to be on the porch than qeye
elhiwvhdwlm is a dog, ftillgdx is a scorpion, so elhiwvhdwlm is more likely to be on the porch than ftillgdx
erqfnklndu is a dog, ugmay is a scorpion, so erqfnklndu is more likely to be on the porch than ugmay
xawixedjcrzs is a dog, wrmcelytkax is a scorpion, so xawixedjcrzs is more likely to be on the porch than wrmcelytkax
prshv is a dog, hdevgl is a scorpion, so hdevgl is less likely to be on the porch than prshv
sengqc is a dog, qeye is a scorpion, so qeye is less likely to be on the porch than sengqc
elhiwvhdwlm is a dog, ftillgdx is a scorpion, so ftillgdx is less likely to be on the porch than elhiwvhdwlm
erqfnklndu is a dog, ugmay is a scorpion, so ugmay is less likely to be on the porch than erqfnklndu
xawixedjcrzs is a dog, wrmcelytkax is a scorpion, so wrmcelytkax is less likely to be on the porch than xawixedjcrzs
ssgqxam is a dog, plroesc is a scorpion, so ssgqxam is not less likely to be on the porch than plroesc
bmdkove is a dog, cvmobtsvsl is a scorpion, so bmdkove is not less likely to be on the porch than cvmobtsvsl
ohhdxxv is a dog, pgxvx is a scorpion, so ohhdxxv is not less likely to be on the porch than pgxvx
uqbv is a dog, ylxuxvruqtp is a scorpion, so uqbv is not less likely to be on the porch than ylxuxvruqtp
djliqbwpbj is a dog, gmxo is a scorpion, so djliqbwpbj is not less likely to be on the porch than gmxo
plroesc is a dog, ssgqxam is a scorpion, so ssgqxam is not more likely to be on the porch than plroesc
cvmobtsvsl is a dog, bmdkove is a scorpion, so bmdkove is not more likely to be on the porch than cvmobtsvsl
pgxvx is a dog, ohhdxxv is a scorpion, so ohhdxxv is not more likely to be on the porch than pgxvx
ylxuxvruqtp is a dog, uqbv is a scorpion, so uqbv is not more likely to be on the porch than ylxuxvruqtp
gmxo is a dog, djliqbwpbj is a scorpion, so djliqbwpbj is not more likely to be on the porch than gmxo
uxc is a chicken, tbhyrw is a snake, so uxc is more likely to lay an egg than tbhyrw
aydgvoe is a chicken, fzcisltnusa is a snake, so aydgvoe is more likely to lay an egg than fzcisltnusa
khszgzpzucsc is a chicken, purjznvk is a snake, so khszgzpzucsc is more likely to lay an egg than purjznvk
ycw is a chicken, xcysrqbs is a snake, so ycw is more likely to lay an egg than xcysrqbs
haztehdr is a chicken, zsfqkpodwnw is a snake, so haztehdr is more likely to lay an egg than zsfqkpodwnw
uxc is a chicken, tbhyrw is a snake, so tbhyrw is less likely to lay an egg than uxc
aydgvoe is a chicken, fzcisltnusa is a snake, so fzcisltnusa is less likely to lay an egg than aydgvoe
khszgzpzucsc is a chicken, purjznvk is a snake, so purjznvk is less likely to lay an egg than khszgzpzucsc
ycw is a chicken, xcysrqbs is a snake, so xcysrqbs is less likely to lay an egg than ycw
haztehdr is a chicken, zsfqkpodwnw is a snake, so zsfqkpodwnw is less likely to lay an egg than haztehdr
tst is a chicken, ynqbapdn is a snake, so tst is not less likely to lay an egg than ynqbapdn
nwmiwrtq is a chicken, ost is a snake, so nwmiwrtq is not less likely to lay an egg than ost
phswkjh is a chicken, yaiumutratd is a snake, so phswkjh is not less likely to lay an egg than yaiumutratd
hhefrnwbmt is a chicken, trtqpf is a snake, so hhefrnwbmt is not less likely to lay an egg than trtqpf
abzdnpqd is a chicken, sswaodtju is a snake, so abzdnpqd is not less likely to lay an egg than sswaodtju
ynqbapdn is a chicken, tst is a snake, so tst is not more likely to lay an egg than ynqbapdn
ost is a chicken, nwmiwrtq is a snake, so nwmiwrtq is not more likely to lay an egg than ost
yaiumutratd is a chicken, phswkjh is a snake, so phswkjh is not more likely to lay an egg than yaiumutratd
trtqpf is a chicken, hhefrnwbmt is a snake, so hhefrnwbmt is not more likely to lay an egg than trtqpf
sswaodtju is a chicken, abzdnpqd is a snake, so abzdnpqd is not more likely to lay an egg than sswaodtju
sgcludy is a lion, opweclhafcck is a cat, so sgcludy is more likely to father some cubs than opweclhafcck
riacoln is a lion, guoca is a cat, so riacoln is more likely to father some cubs than guoca
rntyu is a lion, xmhqos is a cat, so rntyu is more likely to father some cubs than xmhqos
lsqo is a lion, odbr is a cat, so lsqo is more likely to father some cubs than odbr
bczdcjfyu is a lion, sajooe is a cat, so bczdcjfyu is more likely to father some cubs than sajooe
sgcludy is a lion, opweclhafcck is a cat, so opweclhafcck is less likely to father some cubs than sgcludy
riacoln is a lion, guoca is a cat, so guoca is less likely to father some cubs than riacoln
rntyu is a lion, xmhqos is a cat, so xmhqos is less likely to father some cubs than rntyu
lsqo is a lion, odbr is a cat, so odbr is less likely to father some cubs than lsqo
bczdcjfyu is a lion, sajooe is a cat, so sajooe is less likely to father some cubs than bczdcjfyu
duhbggrxjb is a lion, yiricc is a cat, so duhbggrxjb is not less likely to father some cubs than yiricc
zgzkfgrfft is a lion, tycndzzekoc is a cat, so zgzkfgrfft is not less likely to father some cubs than tycndzzekoc
hau is a lion, mhebjacpfuwt is a cat, so hau is not less likely to father some cubs than mhebjacpfuwt
xthc is a lion, dlmr is a cat, so xthc is not less likely to father some cubs than dlmr
atr is a lion, alkvsvccwfd is a cat, so atr is not less likely to father some cubs than alkvsvccwfd
yiricc is a lion, duhbggrxjb is a cat, so duhbggrxjb is not more likely to father some cubs than yiricc
tycndzzekoc is a lion, zgzkfgrfft is a cat, so zgzkfgrfft is not more likely to father some cubs than tycndzzekoc
mhebjacpfuwt is a lion, hau is a cat, so hau is not more likely to father some cubs than mhebjacpfuwt
dlmr is a lion, xthc is a cat, so xthc is not more likely to father some cubs than dlmr
alkvsvccwfd is a lion, atr is a cat, so atr is not more likely to father some cubs than alkvsvccwfd
uajdhpds is a fish, tvisumtzzq is a elephant, so uajdhpds is more likely to attempt to fly than tvisumtzzq
qoalz is a fish, imskjfvslyht is a elephant, so qoalz is more likely to attempt to fly than imskjfvslyht
zdgl is a fish, bbyr is a elephant, so zdgl is more likely to attempt to fly than bbyr
bgga is a fish, pmhzwaxvfv is a elephant, so bgga is more likely to attempt to fly than pmhzwaxvfv
lwsgoaq is a fish, dyaexghzgn is a elephant, so lwsgoaq is more likely to attempt to fly than dyaexghzgn
uajdhpds is a fish, tvisumtzzq is a elephant, so tvisumtzzq is less likely to attempt to fly than uajdhpds
qoalz is a fish, imskjfvslyht is a elephant, so imskjfvslyht is less likely to attempt to fly than qoalz
zdgl is a fish, bbyr is a elephant, so bbyr is less likely to attempt to fly than zdgl
bgga is a fish, pmhzwaxvfv is a elephant, so pmhzwaxvfv is less likely to attempt to fly than bgga
lwsgoaq is a fish, dyaexghzgn is a elephant, so dyaexghzgn is less likely to attempt to fly than lwsgoaq
gixkgzljudt is a fish, hbnqjuc is an elephant, so gixkgzljudt is not less likely to attempt to fly than hbnqjuc
auupmj is a fish, tljtgbrw is an elephant, so auupmj is not less likely to attempt to fly than tljtgbrw
wpnodpqih is a fish, fplke is an elephant, so wpnodpqih is not less likely to attempt to fly than fplke
zseppg is a fish, ebsorbapc is an elephant, so zseppg is not less likely to attempt to fly than ebsorbapc
xmwmvrs is a fish, dkpisezhjh is an elephant, so xmwmvrs is not less likely to attempt to fly than dkpisezhjh
hbnqjuc is a fish, gixkgzljudt is an elephant, so gixkgzljudt is not more likely to attempt to fly than hbnqjuc
tljtgbrw is a fish, auupmj is an elephant, so auupmj is not more likely to attempt to fly than tljtgbrw
fplke is a fish, wpnodpqih is an elephant, so wpnodpqih is not more likely to attempt to fly than fplke
ebsorbapc is a fish, zseppg is an elephant, so zseppg is not more likely to attempt to fly than ebsorbapc
dkpisezhjh is a fish, xmwmvrs is an elephant, so xmwmvrs is not more likely to attempt to fly than dkpisezhjh
tyoo is a chimpanzee, fpulniu is a horse, so tyoo is more likely to fool the caretakers than fpulniu
lbizsnhlocax is a chimpanzee, lhklqaxmf is a horse, so lbizsnhlocax is more likely to fool the caretakers than lhklqaxmf
qofxhng is a chimpanzee, zwecgfy is a horse, so qofxhng is more likely to fool the caretakers than zwecgfy
druhvmc is a chimpanzee, jpyjrlfnbr is a horse, so druhvmc is more likely to fool the caretakers than jpyjrlfnbr
mnmw is a chimpanzee, apksl is a horse, so mnmw is more likely to fool the caretakers than apksl
tyoo is a chimpanzee, fpulniu is a horse, so fpulniu is less likely to fool the caretakers than tyoo
lbizsnhlocax is a chimpanzee, lhklqaxmf is a horse, so lhklqaxmf is less likely to fool the caretakers than lbizsnhlocax
qofxhng is a chimpanzee, zwecgfy is a horse, so zwecgfy is less likely to fool the caretakers than qofxhng
druhvmc is a chimpanzee, jpyjrlfnbr is a horse, so jpyjrlfnbr is less likely to fool the caretakers than druhvmc
mnmw is a chimpanzee, apksl is a horse, so apksl is less likely to fool the caretakers than mnmw
ehhumwzt is a chimpanzee, xuhfiealkwhm is a horse, so ehhumwzt is not less likely to fool the caretakers than xuhfiealkwhm
oxa is a chimpanzee, pfdrwwv is a horse, so oxa is not less likely to fool the caretakers than pfdrwwv
ozdgnifylpxu is a chimpanzee, otcpih is a horse, so ozdgnifylpxu is not less likely to fool the caretakers than otcpih
tlgsxwnwhqhs is a chimpanzee, qfdaqf is a horse, so tlgsxwnwhqhs is not less likely to fool the caretakers than qfdaqf
hsyioby is a chimpanzee, zvpakmrcsi is a horse, so hsyioby is not less likely to fool the caretakers than zvpakmrcsi
xuhfiealkwhm is a chimpanzee, ehhumwzt is a horse, so ehhumwzt is not more likely to fool the caretakers than xuhfiealkwhm
pfdrwwv is a chimpanzee, oxa is a horse, so oxa is not more likely to fool the caretakers than pfdrwwv
otcpih is a chimpanzee, ozdgnifylpxu is a horse, so ozdgnifylpxu is not more likely to fool the caretakers than otcpih
qfdaqf is a chimpanzee, tlgsxwnwhqhs is a horse, so tlgsxwnwhqhs is not more likely to fool the caretakers than qfdaqf
zvpakmrcsi is a chimpanzee, hsyioby is a horse, so hsyioby is not more likely to fool the caretakers than zvpakmrcsi
fivkrbw is a camel, apuxjerqzpzs is a duck, so fivkrbw is more likely to be in the desert than apuxjerqzpzs
quucvgebkfd is a camel, rsxxwp is a duck, so quucvgebkfd is more likely to be in the desert than rsxxwp
eqpfeth is a camel, lffzzfpnmxh is a duck, so eqpfeth is more likely to be in the desert than lffzzfpnmxh
zwtkmvudxpsd is a camel, cvefqbj is a duck, so zwtkmvudxpsd is more likely to be in the desert than cvefqbj
hkoccaguifyu is a camel, uzokwlxwghay is a duck, so hkoccaguifyu is more likely to be in the desert than uzokwlxwghay
fivkrbw is a camel, apuxjerqzpzs is a duck, so apuxjerqzpzs is less likely to be in the desert than fivkrbw
quucvgebkfd is a camel, rsxxwp is a duck, so rsxxwp is less likely to be in the desert than quucvgebkfd
eqpfeth is a camel, lffzzfpnmxh is a duck, so lffzzfpnmxh is less likely to be in the desert than eqpfeth
zwtkmvudxpsd is a camel, cvefqbj is a duck, so cvefqbj is less likely to be in the desert than zwtkmvudxpsd
hkoccaguifyu is a camel, uzokwlxwghay is a duck, so uzokwlxwghay is less likely to be in the desert than hkoccaguifyu
mifcqgvtya is a camel, gqgyqvyiw is a duck, so mifcqgvtya is not less likely to be in the desert than gqgyqvyiw
wwgtybvraxm is a camel, zse is a duck, so wwgtybvraxm is not less likely to be in the desert than zse
vohrehbnqb is a camel, cfadobz is a duck, so vohrehbnqb is not less likely to be in the desert than cfadobz
ttnsmjcnmae is a camel, acco is a duck, so ttnsmjcnmae is not less likely to be in the desert than acco
craabhmqd is a camel, mehsibsklovl is a duck, so craabhmqd is not less likely to be in the desert than mehsibsklovl
gqgyqvyiw is a camel, mifcqgvtya is a duck, so mifcqgvtya is not more likely to be in the desert than gqgyqvyiw
zse is a camel, wwgtybvraxm is a duck, so wwgtybvraxm is not more likely to be in the desert than zse
cfadobz is a camel, vohrehbnqb is a duck, so vohrehbnqb is not more likely to be in the desert than cfadobz
acco is a camel, ttnsmjcnmae is a duck, so ttnsmjcnmae is not more likely to be in the desert than acco
mehsibsklovl is a camel, craabhmqd is a duck, so craabhmqd is not more likely to be in the desert than mehsibsklovl
yhbgrg is a fish, akozrulgzn is a lion, so yhbgrg is more likely to swim than akozrulgzn
rrktra is a fish, xebcnopnc is a lion, so rrktra is more likely to swim than xebcnopnc
gsufw is a fish, jgflnoyo is a lion, so gsufw is more likely to swim than jgflnoyo
lhuainrxdnqn is a fish, gthlyoa is a lion, so lhuainrxdnqn is more likely to swim than gthlyoa
kmyonvjrijda is a fish, huwkpdbr is a lion, so kmyonvjrijda is more likely to swim than huwkpdbr
yhbgrg is a fish, akozrulgzn is a lion, so akozrulgzn is less likely to swim than yhbgrg
rrktra is a fish, xebcnopnc is a lion, so xebcnopnc is less likely to swim than rrktra
gsufw is a fish, jgflnoyo is a lion, so jgflnoyo is less likely to swim than gsufw
lhuainrxdnqn is a fish, gthlyoa is a lion, so gthlyoa is less likely to swim than lhuainrxdnqn
kmyonvjrijda is a fish, huwkpdbr is a lion, so huwkpdbr is less likely to swim than kmyonvjrijda
dyunkft is a fish, zudz is a lion, so dyunkft is not less likely to swim than zudz
tfut is a fish, criteokue is a lion, so tfut is not less likely to swim than criteokue
ctzimoy is a fish, xxsnrrsrpp is a lion, so ctzimoy is not less likely to swim than xxsnrrsrpp
oniq is a fish, nnrteqjfqp is a lion, so oniq is not less likely to swim than nnrteqjfqp
sada is a fish, vtvcktvora is a lion, so sada is not less likely to swim than vtvcktvora
zudz is a fish, dyunkft is a lion, so dyunkft is not more likely to swim than zudz
criteokue is a fish, tfut is a lion, so tfut is not more likely to swim than criteokue
xxsnrrsrpp is a fish, ctzimoy is a lion, so ctzimoy is not more likely to swim than xxsnrrsrpp
nnrteqjfqp is a fish, oniq is a lion, so oniq is not more likely to swim than nnrteqjfqp
vtvcktvora is a fish, sada is a lion, so sada is not more likely to swim than vtvcktvora
jccl is a bird, ccqaqnn is a snake, so jccl is more likely to be on a roof than ccqaqnn
yxp is a bird, yek is a snake, so yxp is more likely to be on a roof than yek
hhjmrcj is a bird, daygknsdsu is a snake, so hhjmrcj is more likely to be on a roof than daygknsdsu
bdne is a bird, kebjz is a snake, so bdne is more likely to be on a roof than kebjz
dmbdlmfygpk is a bird, bcdclglpw is a snake, so dmbdlmfygpk is more likely to be on a roof than bcdclglpw
jccl is a bird, ccqaqnn is a snake, so ccqaqnn is less likely to be on a roof than jccl
yxp is a bird, yek is a snake, so yek is less likely to be on a roof than yxp
hhjmrcj is a bird, daygknsdsu is a snake, so daygknsdsu is less likely to be on a roof than hhjmrcj
bdne is a bird, kebjz is a snake, so kebjz is less likely to be on a roof than bdne
dmbdlmfygpk is a bird, bcdclglpw is a snake, so bcdclglpw is less likely to be on a roof than dmbdlmfygpk
iywja is a bird, ohsxunbcopuu is a snake, so iywja is not less likely to be on a roof than ohsxunbcopuu
qaxpllynyf is a bird, hlbitqr is a snake, so qaxpllynyf is not less likely to be on a roof than hlbitqr
jsvdeqrkq is a bird, jhygoj is a snake, so jsvdeqrkq is not less likely to be on a roof than jhygoj
arrt is a bird, inzcjdwwqrj is a snake, so arrt is not less likely to be on a roof than inzcjdwwqrj
tqzkwabt is a bird, cvmplaagov is a snake, so tqzkwabt is not less likely to be on a roof than cvmplaagov
ohsxunbcopuu is a bird, iywja is a snake, so iywja is not more likely to be on a roof than ohsxunbcopuu
hlbitqr is a bird, qaxpllynyf is a snake, so qaxpllynyf is not more likely to be on a roof than hlbitqr
jhygoj is a bird, jsvdeqrkq is a snake, so jsvdeqrkq is not more likely to be on a roof than jhygoj
inzcjdwwqrj is a bird, arrt is a snake, so arrt is not more likely to be on a roof than inzcjdwwqrj
cvmplaagov is a bird, tqzkwabt is a snake, so tqzkwabt is not more likely to be on a roof than cvmplaagov
tulgjcqyicfj is a wolf, szuzukb is a hippopotamus, so tulgjcqyicfj is more likely to kill deer than szuzukb
bhkoo is a wolf, vyv is a hippopotamus, so bhkoo is more likely to kill deer than vyv
svdx is a wolf, axuwixzmcg is a hippopotamus, so svdx is more likely to kill deer than axuwixzmcg
fvicm is a wolf, gqoexrhkezae is a hippopotamus, so fvicm is more likely to kill deer than gqoexrhkezae
ysrc is a wolf, hake is a hippopotamus, so ysrc is more likely to kill deer than hake
tulgjcqyicfj is a wolf, szuzukb is a hippopotamus, so szuzukb is less likely to kill deer than tulgjcqyicfj
bhkoo is a wolf, vyv is a hippopotamus, so vyv is less likely to kill deer than bhkoo
svdx is a wolf, axuwixzmcg is a hippopotamus, so axuwixzmcg is less likely to kill deer than svdx
fvicm is a wolf, gqoexrhkezae is a hippopotamus, so gqoexrhkezae is less likely to kill deer than fvicm
ysrc is a wolf, hake is a hippopotamus, so hake is less likely to kill deer than ysrc
rap is a wolf, gjodzqaiugz is a hippopotamus, so rap is not less likely to kill deer than gjodzqaiugz
exztozosvdf is a wolf, psuboz is a hippopotamus, so exztozosvdf is not less likely to kill deer than psuboz
duq is a wolf, nupzycwplyiw is a hippopotamus, so duq is not less likely to kill deer than nupzycwplyiw
wouaxlzzbwq is a wolf, uuvprxg is a hippopotamus, so wouaxlzzbwq is not less likely to kill deer than uuvprxg
lernheftd is a wolf, ixjntmuutlx is a hippopotamus, so lernheftd is not less likely to kill deer than ixjntmuutlx
gjodzqaiugz is a wolf, rap is a hippopotamus, so rap is not more likely to kill deer than gjodzqaiugz
psuboz is a wolf, exztozosvdf is a hippopotamus, so exztozosvdf is not more likely to kill deer than psuboz
nupzycwplyiw is a wolf, duq is a hippopotamus, so duq is not more likely to kill deer than nupzycwplyiw
uuvprxg is a wolf, wouaxlzzbwq is a hippopotamus, so wouaxlzzbwq is not more likely to kill deer than uuvprxg
ixjntmuutlx is a wolf, lernheftd is a hippopotamus, so lernheftd is not more likely to kill deer than ixjntmuutlx
qofnisa is a snake, fszqgzuuias is a turtle, so qofnisa is more likely to slither down the street than fszqgzuuias
tvyz is a snake, uvngbyovx is a turtle, so tvyz is more likely to slither down the street than uvngbyovx
wnkgr is a snake, sanhyhnvsz is a turtle, so wnkgr is more likely to slither down the street than sanhyhnvsz
zpmkybfbm is a snake, nvgosxepy is a turtle, so zpmkybfbm is more likely to slither down the street than nvgosxepy
fnau is a snake, hmfaauduft is a turtle, so fnau is more likely to slither down the street than hmfaauduft
qofnisa is a snake, fszqgzuuias is a turtle, so fszqgzuuias is less likely to slither down the street than qofnisa
tvyz is a snake, uvngbyovx is a turtle, so uvngbyovx is less likely to slither down the street than tvyz
wnkgr is a snake, sanhyhnvsz is a turtle, so sanhyhnvsz is less likely to slither down the street than wnkgr
zpmkybfbm is a snake, nvgosxepy is a turtle, so nvgosxepy is less likely to slither down the street than zpmkybfbm
fnau is a snake, hmfaauduft is a turtle, so hmfaauduft is less likely to slither down the street than fnau
qohz is a snake, ilh is a turtle, so qohz is not less likely to slither down the street than ilh
veapyk is a snake, mrsvuq is a turtle, so veapyk is not less likely to slither down the street than mrsvuq
qoyovwvpesug is a snake, plhwgx is a turtle, so qoyovwvpesug is not less likely to slither down the street than plhwgx
kpojgp is a snake, wkosxwlkle is a turtle, so kpojgp is not less likely to slither down the street than wkosxwlkle
czuhmd is a snake, hhnnx is a turtle, so czuhmd is not less likely to slither down the street than hhnnx
ilh is a snake, qohz is a turtle, so qohz is not more likely to slither down the street than ilh
mrsvuq is a snake, veapyk is a turtle, so veapyk is not more likely to slither down the street than mrsvuq
plhwgx is a snake, qoyovwvpesug is a turtle, so qoyovwvpesug is not more likely to slither down the street than plhwgx
wkosxwlkle is a snake, kpojgp is a turtle, so kpojgp is not more likely to slither down the street than wkosxwlkle
hhnnx is a snake, czuhmd is a turtle, so czuhmd is not more likely to slither down the street than hhnnx
wqp is a cow, sejzn is a panda, so wqp is more likely to jump over the moon than sejzn
orbulpljdvs is a cow, dukxnhrcfuy is a panda, so orbulpljdvs is more likely to jump over the moon than dukxnhrcfuy
smmizrxeklu is a cow, gnyoozvd is a panda, so smmizrxeklu is more likely to jump over the moon than gnyoozvd
vssdeccoo is a cow, vegtjceyam is a panda, so vssdeccoo is more likely to jump over the moon than vegtjceyam
nez is a cow, reezozwrfxqf is a panda, so nez is more likely to jump over the moon than reezozwrfxqf
wqp is a cow, sejzn is a panda, so sejzn is less likely to jump over the moon than wqp
orbulpljdvs is a cow, dukxnhrcfuy is a panda, so dukxnhrcfuy is less likely to jump over the moon than orbulpljdvs
smmizrxeklu is a cow, gnyoozvd is a panda, so gnyoozvd is less likely to jump over the moon than smmizrxeklu
vssdeccoo is a cow, vegtjceyam is a panda, so vegtjceyam is less likely to jump over the moon than vssdeccoo
nez is a cow, reezozwrfxqf is a panda, so reezozwrfxqf is less likely to jump over the moon than nez
bdwbqotkkh is a cow, xozxphpny is a panda, so bdwbqotkkh is not less likely to jump over the moon than xozxphpny
pdenaicyy is a cow, lmnleqjprzkk is a panda, so pdenaicyy is not less likely to jump over the moon than lmnleqjprzkk
jjtmzzepsla is a cow, yqwzobxvixiy is a panda, so jjtmzzepsla is not less likely to jump over the moon than yqwzobxvixiy
qwwipfz is a cow, kwzxwhbuim is a panda, so qwwipfz is not less likely to jump over the moon than kwzxwhbuim
sxabyobrhh is a cow, tmnoe is a panda, so sxabyobrhh is not less likely to jump over the moon than tmnoe
xozxphpny is a cow, bdwbqotkkh is a panda, so bdwbqotkkh is not more likely to jump over the moon than xozxphpny
lmnleqjprzkk is a cow, pdenaicyy is a panda, so pdenaicyy is not more likely to jump over the moon than lmnleqjprzkk
yqwzobxvixiy is a cow, jjtmzzepsla is a panda, so jjtmzzepsla is not more likely to jump over the moon than yqwzobxvixiy
kwzxwhbuim is a cow, qwwipfz is a panda, so qwwipfz is not more likely to jump over the moon than kwzxwhbuim
tmnoe is a cow, sxabyobrhh is a panda, so sxabyobrhh is not more likely to jump over the moon than tmnoe
lvxeqeah is a bird, fufkua is a ant, so lvxeqeah is more likely to be in a tree than fufkua
hyejhi is a bird, sqwwuuqdyw is a ant, so hyejhi is more likely to be in a tree than sqwwuuqdyw
japihmgtx is a bird, oywccnputfv is a ant, so japihmgtx is more likely to be in a tree than oywccnputfv
okjzpt is a bird, uiuizfmqkwky is a ant, so okjzpt is more likely to be in a tree than uiuizfmqkwky
urkwxfm is a bird, boze is a ant, so urkwxfm is more likely to be in a tree than boze
lvxeqeah is a bird, fufkua is a ant, so fufkua is less likely to be in a tree than lvxeqeah
hyejhi is a bird, sqwwuuqdyw is a ant, so sqwwuuqdyw is less likely to be in a tree than hyejhi
japihmgtx is a bird, oywccnputfv is a ant, so oywccnputfv is less likely to be in a tree than japihmgtx
okjzpt is a bird, uiuizfmqkwky is a ant, so uiuizfmqkwky is less likely to be in a tree than okjzpt
urkwxfm is a bird, boze is a ant, so boze is less likely to be in a tree than urkwxfm
rxmcid is a bird, jkyyfxqxixex is a ant, so rxmcid is not less likely to be in a tree than jkyyfxqxixex
xqribnm is a bird, myufphuws is a ant, so xqribnm is not less likely to be in a tree than myufphuws
ieieibdh is a bird, pyfxefmifvdz is a ant, so ieieibdh is not less likely to be in a tree than pyfxefmifvdz
noqjokiuomt is a bird, ainlzke is a ant, so noqjokiuomt is not less likely to be in a tree than ainlzke
muqys is a bird, itojmtuhb is a ant, so muqys is not less likely to be in a tree than itojmtuhb
jkyyfxqxixex is a bird, rxmcid is a ant, so rxmcid is not more likely to be in a tree than jkyyfxqxixex
myufphuws is a bird, xqribnm is a ant, so xqribnm is not more likely to be in a tree than myufphuws
pyfxefmifvdz is a bird, ieieibdh is a ant, so ieieibdh is not more likely to be in a tree than pyfxefmifvdz
ainlzke is a bird, noqjokiuomt is a ant, so noqjokiuomt is not more likely to be in a tree than ainlzke
itojmtuhb is a bird, muqys is a ant, so muqys is not more likely to be in a tree than itojmtuhb
oiuptz is a bear, ios is a fly, so oiuptz is more likely to fish with it's paws than ios
bjalgtktwnt is a bear, dzxnrtr is a fly, so bjalgtktwnt is more likely to fish with it's paws than dzxnrtr
mxcwpdd is a bear, kjjrmkkjbpfu is a fly, so mxcwpdd is more likely to fish with it's paws than kjjrmkkjbpfu
xdpsoc is a bear, ohtrpv is a fly, so xdpsoc is more likely to fish with it's paws than ohtrpv
zdzhkturk is a bear, iaw is a fly, so zdzhkturk is more likely to fish with it's paws than iaw
oiuptz is a bear, ios is a fly, so ios is more likely to fish with it's paws than oiuptz
bjalgtktwnt is a bear, dzxnrtr is a fly, so dzxnrtr is more likely to fish with it's paws than bjalgtktwnt
mxcwpdd is a bear, kjjrmkkjbpfu is a fly, so kjjrmkkjbpfu is more likely to fish with it's paws than mxcwpdd
xdpsoc is a bear, ohtrpv is a fly, so ohtrpv is more likely to fish with it's paws than xdpsoc
zdzhkturk is a bear, iaw is a fly, so iaw is more likely to fish with it's paws than zdzhkturk
prvwkrcyln is a bear, biacpieeyu is a fly, so prvwkrcyln is not less likely to fish with it's paws than biacpieeyu
rheyho is a bear, qej is a fly, so rheyho is not less likely to fish with it's paws than qej
lofqo is a bear, hikufxkgufjz is a fly, so lofqo is not less likely to fish with it's paws than hikufxkgufjz
ugebr is a bear, vpimjtwpj is a fly, so ugebr is not less likely to fish with it's paws than vpimjtwpj
tetimd is a bear, swr is a fly, so tetimd is not less likely to fish with it's paws than swr
biacpieeyu is a bear, prvwkrcyln is a fly, so prvwkrcyln is not more likely to fish with it's paws than biacpieeyu
qej is a bear, rheyho is a fly, so rheyho is not more likely to fish with it's paws than qej
hikufxkgufjz is a bear, lofqo is a fly, so lofqo is not more likely to fish with it's paws than hikufxkgufjz
vpimjtwpj is a bear, ugebr is a fly, so ugebr is not more likely to fish with it's paws than vpimjtwpj
swr is a bear, tetimd is a fly, so tetimd is not more likely to fish with it's paws than swr
egklfnnegm is a spider, mfyvpkqf is a eagle, so egklfnnegm is more likely to be on the floor than mfyvpkqf
quqrykbu is a spider, fqk is a eagle, so quqrykbu is more likely to be on the floor than fqk
hujnc is a spider, sxi is a eagle, so hujnc is more likely to be on the floor than sxi
vbuotf is a spider, qqbhbp is a eagle, so vbuotf is more likely to be on the floor than qqbhbp
bqjf is a spider, ammlo is a eagle, so bqjf is more likely to be on the floor than ammlo
egklfnnegm is a spider, mfyvpkqf is a eagle, so mfyvpkqf is less likely to be on the floor than egklfnnegm
quqrykbu is a spider, fqk is a eagle, so fqk is less likely to be on the floor than quqrykbu
hujnc is a spider, sxi is a eagle, so sxi is less likely to be on the floor than hujnc
vbuotf is a spider, qqbhbp is a eagle, so qqbhbp is less likely to be on the floor than vbuotf
bqjf is a spider, ammlo is a eagle, so ammlo is less likely to be on the floor than bqjf
yfji is a spider, godaxpivkisj is a eagle, so yfji is not less likely to be on the floor than godaxpivkisj
iyconryqo is a spider, gnq is a eagle, so iyconryqo is not less likely to be on the floor than gnq
qearenunhkr is a spider, drgzeoul is a eagle, so qearenunhkr is not less likely to be on the floor than drgzeoul
hjuqjavzawmv is a spider, nkes is a eagle, so hjuqjavzawmv is not less likely to be on the floor than nkes
lzbd is a spider, vrweibm is a eagle, so lzbd is not less likely to be on the floor than vrweibm
godaxpivkisj is a spider, yfji is a eagle, so yfji is not more likely to be on the floor than godaxpivkisj
gnq is a spider, iyconryqo is a eagle, so iyconryqo is not more likely to be on the floor than gnq
drgzeoul is a spider, qearenunhkr is a eagle, so qearenunhkr is not more likely to be on the floor than drgzeoul
nkes is a spider, hjuqjavzawmv is a eagle, so hjuqjavzawmv is not more likely to be on the floor than nkes
vrweibm is a spider, lzbd is a eagle, so lzbd is not more likely to be on the floor than vrweibm
xvrmxbqjomy is a snake, jtyjlxsyprhg is a sheep, so xvrmxbqjomy is less likely to be in the sun than jtyjlxsyprhg
garjcidr is a snake, dfjrknegae is a sheep, so garjcidr is less likely to be in the sun than dfjrknegae
pqejatrvx is a snake, fuosxjqxi is a sheep, so pqejatrvx is less likely to be in the sun than fuosxjqxi
jbzgecrfnzc is a snake, fuacuqi is a sheep, so jbzgecrfnzc is less likely to be in the sun than fuacuqi
mjvfwku is a snake, ngfrd is a sheep, so mjvfwku is less likely to be in the sun than ngfrd
xvrmxbqjomy is a snake, jtyjlxsyprhg is a sheep, so jtyjlxsyprhg is more likely to be in the sun than xvrmxbqjomy
garjcidr is a snake, dfjrknegae is a sheep, so dfjrknegae is more likely to be in the sun than garjcidr
pqejatrvx is a snake, fuosxjqxi is a sheep, so fuosxjqxi is more likely to be in the sun than pqejatrvx
jbzgecrfnzc is a snake, fuacuqi is a sheep, so fuacuqi is more likely to be in the sun than jbzgecrfnzc
mjvfwku is a snake, ngfrd is a sheep, so ngfrd is more likely to be in the sun than mjvfwku
zaoqz is a snake, aoi is a sheep, so zaoqz is not less solar than aoi
zih is a snake, kfunljghh is a sheep, so zih is not less solar than kfunljghh
zbca is a snake, cgfiiawzfdxo is a sheep, so zbca is not less solar than cgfiiawzfdxo
iqfza is a snake, xkhbim is a sheep, so iqfza is not less solar than xkhbim
pjkwcmhzveod is a snake, bkky is a sheep, so pjkwcmhzveod is not less solar than bkky
aoi is a snake, zaoqz is a sheep, so zaoqz is not more likely to be in the sun than aoi
kfunljghh is a snake, zih is a sheep, so zih is not more likely to be in the sun than kfunljghh
cgfiiawzfdxo is a snake, zbca is a sheep, so zbca is not more likely to be in the sun than cgfiiawzfdxo
xkhbim is a snake, iqfza is a sheep, so iqfza is not more likely to be in the sun than xkhbim
bkky is a snake, pjkwcmhzveod is a sheep, so pjkwcmhzveod is not more likely to be in the sun than bkky
finamubd is a cat, rilwreyqb is a tiger, so finamubd is more likely to wash its paws than rilwreyqb
wisxpkiwmrz is a cat, iqu is a tiger, so wisxpkiwmrz is more likely to wash its paws than iqu
geifvnijctaq is a cat, kjsikeyllahl is a tiger, so geifvnijctaq is more likely to wash its paws than kjsikeyllahl
dgvfnip is a cat, sruia is a tiger, so dgvfnip is more likely to wash its paws than sruia
huztywzt is a cat, apezbiosfn is a tiger, so huztywzt is more likely to wash its paws than apezbiosfn
finamubd is a cat, rilwreyqb is a tiger, so rilwreyqb is less likely to wash its paws than finamubd
wisxpkiwmrz is a cat, iqu is a tiger, so iqu is less likely to wash its paws than wisxpkiwmrz
geifvnijctaq is a cat, kjsikeyllahl is a tiger, so kjsikeyllahl is less likely to wash its paws than geifvnijctaq
dgvfnip is a cat, sruia is a tiger, so sruia is less likely to wash its paws than dgvfnip
huztywzt is a cat, apezbiosfn is a tiger, so apezbiosfn is less likely to wash its paws than huztywzt
swzuwr is a cat, akvimesatc is a tiger, so swzuwr is not less likely to wash its paws than akvimesatc
ivllt is a cat, kelc is a tiger, so ivllt is not less likely to wash its paws than kelc
kexiy is a cat, kmrxsiek is a tiger, so kexiy is not less likely to wash its paws than kmrxsiek
cetfyhedriz is a cat, pyisptmr is a tiger, so cetfyhedriz is not less likely to wash its paws than pyisptmr
pydefc is a cat, hdy is a tiger, so pydefc is not less likely to wash its paws than hdy
akvimesatc is a cat, swzuwr is a tiger, so swzuwr is not more likely to wash its paws than akvimesatc
kelc is a cat, ivllt is a tiger, so ivllt is not more likely to wash its paws than kelc
kmrxsiek is a cat, kexiy is a tiger, so kexiy is not more likely to wash its paws than kmrxsiek
pyisptmr is a cat, cetfyhedriz is a tiger, so cetfyhedriz is not more likely to wash its paws than pyisptmr
hdy is a cat, pydefc is a tiger, so pydefc is not more likely to wash its paws than hdy
vrylbfoypn is a fox, xjxxi is a pig, so vrylbfoypn is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than xjxxi
kbogimv is a fox, eghim is a pig, so kbogimv is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than eghim
ifylt is a fox, vligoxdxg is a pig, so ifylt is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than vligoxdxg
jdfjrezv is a fox, wdxyhxgr is a pig, so jdfjrezv is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than wdxyhxgr
hwj is a fox, oztx is a pig, so hwj is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than oztx
vrylbfoypn is a fox, xjxxi is a pig, so xjxxi is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than vrylbfoypn
kbogimv is a fox, eghim is a pig, so eghim is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than kbogimv
ifylt is a fox, vligoxdxg is a pig, so vligoxdxg is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than ifylt
jdfjrezv is a fox, wdxyhxgr is a pig, so wdxyhxgr is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than jdfjrezv
hwj is a fox, oztx is a pig, so oztx is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than hwj
dwqrraxamx is a fox, oabjeqj is a pig, so dwqrraxamx is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than oabjeqj
whnbox is a fox, genbunazes is a pig, so whnbox is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than genbunazes
ktfkfxzxjq is a fox, uxezueotswdv is a pig, so ktfkfxzxjq is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than uxezueotswdv
aasv is a fox, hpfrqudzyt is a pig, so aasv is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than hpfrqudzyt
cemig is a fox, sdyemahb is a pig, so cemig is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than sdyemahb
oabjeqj is a fox, dwqrraxamx is a pig, so dwqrraxamx is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than oabjeqj
genbunazes is a fox, whnbox is a pig, so whnbox is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than genbunazes
uxezueotswdv is a fox, ktfkfxzxjq is a pig, so ktfkfxzxjq is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than uxezueotswdv
hpfrqudzyt is a fox, aasv is a pig, so aasv is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than hpfrqudzyt
sdyemahb is a fox, cemig is a pig, so cemig is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than sdyemahb
bthbrxa is a tiger, dbvjm is a scorpion, so bthbrxa is more likely to kill you than dbvjm
uyjtnlyftvzr is a tiger, ywqkcyu is a scorpion, so uyjtnlyftvzr is more likely to kill you than ywqkcyu
obbsmhcv is a tiger, sroig is a scorpion, so obbsmhcv is more likely to kill you than sroig
ywhaf is a tiger, woionor is a scorpion, so ywhaf is more likely to kill you than woionor
kilahbnvkr is a tiger, sgmqnnkfqro is a scorpion, so kilahbnvkr is more likely to kill you than sgmqnnkfqro
bthbrxa is a tiger, dbvjm is a scorpion, so dbvjm is less likely to kill you than bthbrxa
uyjtnlyftvzr is a tiger, ywqkcyu is a scorpion, so ywqkcyu is less likely to kill you than uyjtnlyftvzr
obbsmhcv is a tiger, sroig is a scorpion, so sroig is less likely to kill you than obbsmhcv
ywhaf is a tiger, woionor is a scorpion, so woionor is less likely to kill you than ywhaf
kilahbnvkr is a tiger, sgmqnnkfqro is a scorpion, so sgmqnnkfqro is less likely to kill you than kilahbnvkr
qfyahkpspy is a tiger, zqggyogs is a scorpion, so qfyahkpspy is not less likely to kill you than zqggyogs
adsnyscv is a tiger, ezvtw is a scorpion, so adsnyscv is not less likely to kill you than ezvtw
fzdp is a tiger, shn is a scorpion, so fzdp is not less likely to kill you than shn
ibmcgadit is a tiger, dhvgse is a scorpion, so ibmcgadit is not less likely to kill you than dhvgse
vtrrmvcgcog is a tiger, dvmcxcdswa is a scorpion, so vtrrmvcgcog is not less likely to kill you than dvmcxcdswa
zqggyogs is a tiger, qfyahkpspy is a scorpion, so qfyahkpspy is not more likely to kill you than zqggyogs
ezvtw is a tiger, adsnyscv is a scorpion, so adsnyscv is not more likely to kill you than ezvtw
shn is a tiger, fzdp is a scorpion, so fzdp is not more likely to kill you than shn
dhvgse is a tiger, ibmcgadit is a scorpion, so ibmcgadit is not more likely to kill you than dhvgse
dvmcxcdswa is a tiger, vtrrmvcgcog is a scorpion, so vtrrmvcgcog is not more likely to kill you than dvmcxcdswa
ibhnsv is a dog, dymwkceuh is a kangaroo, so ibhnsv is more likely to be in a park than dymwkceuh
eoxaxbhkyvh is a dog, kkkc is a kangaroo, so eoxaxbhkyvh is more likely to be in a park than kkkc
ftoqwkon is a dog, zcbpunjswv is a kangaroo, so ftoqwkon is more likely to be in a park than zcbpunjswv
fibkl is a dog, jgetsll is a kangaroo, so fibkl is more likely to be in a park than jgetsll
mtbnu is a dog, gef is a kangaroo, so mtbnu is more likely to be in a park than gef
ibhnsv is a dog, dymwkceuh is a kangaroo, so dymwkceuh is less likely to be in a park than ibhnsv
eoxaxbhkyvh is a dog, kkkc is a kangaroo, so kkkc is less likely to be in a park than eoxaxbhkyvh
ftoqwkon is a dog, zcbpunjswv is a kangaroo, so zcbpunjswv is less likely to be in a park than ftoqwkon
fibkl is a dog, jgetsll is a kangaroo, so jgetsll is less likely to be in a park than fibkl
mtbnu is a dog, gef is a kangaroo, so gef is less likely to be in a park than mtbnu
ncvyqmfr is a dog, writbhjaily is a kangaroo, so ncvyqmfr is not less likely to be in a park than writbhjaily
dma is a dog, apejqjqh is a kangaroo, so dma is not less likely to be in a park than apejqjqh
tusl is a dog, nqffx is a kangaroo, so tusl is not less likely to be in a park than nqffx
hhqynrsgkblv is a dog, tstfjqidpn is a kangaroo, so hhqynrsgkblv is not less likely to be in a park than tstfjqidpn
bbfvrjxba is a dog, wlhw is a kangaroo, so bbfvrjxba is not less likely to be in a park than wlhw
writbhjaily is a dog, ncvyqmfr is a kangaroo, so ncvyqmfr is not more likely to be in a park than writbhjaily
apejqjqh is a dog, dma is a kangaroo, so dma is not more likely to be in a park than apejqjqh
nqffx is a dog, tusl is a kangaroo, so tusl is not more likely to be in a park than nqffx
tstfjqidpn is a dog, hhqynrsgkblv is a kangaroo, so hhqynrsgkblv is not more likely to be in a park than tstfjqidpn
wlhw is a dog, bbfvrjxba is a kangaroo, so bbfvrjxba is not more likely to be in a park than wlhw
xvi is a horse, rlfredxtknfw is a dolphin, so xvi is more likely to be in the equestrian competition than rlfredxtknfw
reb is a horse, vxyxyx is a dolphin, so reb is more likely to be in the equestrian competition than vxyxyx
wcshxijm is a horse, uzq is a dolphin, so wcshxijm is more likely to be in the equestrian competition than uzq
wutjsjh is a horse, mbvawfjlw is a dolphin, so wutjsjh is more likely to be in the equestrian competition than mbvawfjlw
dvsyrk is a horse, mntkaabic is a dolphin, so dvsyrk is more likely to be in the equestrian competition than mntkaabic
xvi is a horse, rlfredxtknfw is a dolphin, so rlfredxtknfw is less likely to be in the equestrian competition than xvi
reb is a horse, vxyxyx is a dolphin, so vxyxyx is less likely to be in the equestrian competition than reb
wcshxijm is a horse, uzq is a dolphin, so uzq is less likely to be in the equestrian competition than wcshxijm
wutjsjh is a horse, mbvawfjlw is a dolphin, so mbvawfjlw is less likely to be in the equestrian competition than wutjsjh
dvsyrk is a horse, mntkaabic is a dolphin, so mntkaabic is less likely to be in the equestrian competition than dvsyrk
uqlbqfziws is a horse, oamtdpamfj is a dolphin, so uqlbqfziws is not less likely to be in the equestrian competition than oamtdpamfj
vonibu is a horse, mmwxxndizj is a dolphin, so vonibu is not less likely to be in the equestrian competition than mmwxxndizj
wdabks is a horse, apwu is a dolphin, so wdabks is not less likely to be in the equestrian competition than apwu
zhcgljjvszlt is a horse, gijetkdo is a dolphin, so zhcgljjvszlt is not less likely to be in the equestrian competition than gijetkdo
ptkfyeheqr is a horse, bzwx is a dolphin, so ptkfyeheqr is not less likely to be in the equestrian competition than bzwx
oamtdpamfj is a horse, uqlbqfziws is a dolphin, so uqlbqfziws is not more likely to be in the equestrian competition than oamtdpamfj
mmwxxndizj is a horse, vonibu is a dolphin, so vonibu is not more likely to be in the equestrian competition than mmwxxndizj
apwu is a horse, wdabks is a dolphin, so wdabks is not more likely to be in the equestrian competition than apwu
gijetkdo is a horse, zhcgljjvszlt is a dolphin, so zhcgljjvszlt is not more likely to be in the equestrian competition than gijetkdo
bzwx is a horse, ptkfyeheqr is a dolphin, so ptkfyeheqr is not more likely to be in the equestrian competition than bzwx
qezymemillpr is a snake, lpgwen is a pig, so qezymemillpr is more likely to be in the sun than lpgwen
swqbzxv is a snake, xrvcxjf is a pig, so swqbzxv is more likely to be in the sun than xrvcxjf
hsslaeckcoz is a snake, usc is a pig, so hsslaeckcoz is more likely to be in the sun than usc
tybzvpafm is a snake, appsbxip is a pig, so tybzvpafm is more likely to be in the sun than appsbxip
hqkbk is a snake, qwbynapsi is a pig, so hqkbk is more likely to be in the sun than qwbynapsi
qezymemillpr is a snake, lpgwen is a pig, so lpgwen is less likely to be in the sun than qezymemillpr
swqbzxv is a snake, xrvcxjf is a pig, so xrvcxjf is less likely to be in the sun than swqbzxv
hsslaeckcoz is a snake, usc is a pig, so usc is less likely to be in the sun than hsslaeckcoz
tybzvpafm is a snake, appsbxip is a pig, so appsbxip is less likely to be in the sun than tybzvpafm
hqkbk is a snake, qwbynapsi is a pig, so qwbynapsi is less likely to be in the sun than hqkbk
hss is a snake, rltqkmgt is a pig, so hss is not less solar than rltqkmgt
byn is a snake, cbdfcd is a pig, so byn is not less solar than cbdfcd
yna is a snake, rdlwvakl is a pig, so yna is not less solar than rdlwvakl
jmefyf is a snake, hxlotxutk is a pig, so jmefyf is not less solar than hxlotxutk
rvlnbh is a snake, ktzccpvoh is a pig, so rvlnbh is not less solar than ktzccpvoh
rltqkmgt is a snake, hss is a pig, so hss is not more likely to be in the sun than rltqkmgt
cbdfcd is a snake, byn is a pig, so byn is not more likely to be in the sun than cbdfcd
rdlwvakl is a snake, yna is a pig, so yna is not more likely to be in the sun than rdlwvakl
hxlotxutk is a snake, jmefyf is a pig, so jmefyf is not more likely to be in the sun than hxlotxutk
ktzccpvoh is a snake, rvlnbh is a pig, so rvlnbh is not more likely to be in the sun than ktzccpvoh
heepaoz is a giraffe, zffcsgurt is a tiger, so heepaoz is more likely to be in a zoo than zffcsgurt
abyh is a giraffe, klsv is a tiger, so abyh is more likely to be in a zoo than klsv
fgqribcif is a giraffe, mzrz is a tiger, so fgqribcif is more likely to be in a zoo than mzrz
kvlmd is a giraffe, zeungygqqsg is a tiger, so kvlmd is more likely to be in a zoo than zeungygqqsg
nbidxghtj is a giraffe, tyryc is a tiger, so nbidxghtj is more likely to be in a zoo than tyryc
heepaoz is a giraffe, zffcsgurt is a tiger, so zffcsgurt is less likely to be in a zoo than heepaoz
abyh is a giraffe, klsv is a tiger, so klsv is less likely to be in a zoo than abyh
fgqribcif is a giraffe, mzrz is a tiger, so mzrz is less likely to be in a zoo than fgqribcif
kvlmd is a giraffe, zeungygqqsg is a tiger, so zeungygqqsg is less likely to be in a zoo than kvlmd
nbidxghtj is a giraffe, tyryc is a tiger, so tyryc is less likely to be in a zoo than nbidxghtj
ymzqi is a giraffe, nqgemdwo is a tiger, so ymzqi is not more likely to be in a zoo than nqgemdwo
xsgvkzwyyk is a giraffe, qzltrep is a tiger, so xsgvkzwyyk is not more likely to be in a zoo than qzltrep
bpgdsrnzj is a giraffe, twbaufse is a tiger, so bpgdsrnzj is not more likely to be in a zoo than twbaufse
shyqmxslcpn is a giraffe, tlyfybrzzcl is a tiger, so shyqmxslcpn is not more likely to be in a zoo than tlyfybrzzcl
ggbpesoqtte is a giraffe, yfyfjv is a tiger, so ggbpesoqtte is not more likely to be in a zoo than yfyfjv
nqgemdwo is a giraffe, ymzqi is a tiger, so ymzqi is not more likely to be in a zoo than nqgemdwo
qzltrep is a giraffe, xsgvkzwyyk is a tiger, so xsgvkzwyyk is not more likely to be in a zoo than qzltrep
twbaufse is a giraffe, bpgdsrnzj is a tiger, so bpgdsrnzj is not more likely to be in a zoo than twbaufse
tlyfybrzzcl is a giraffe, shyqmxslcpn is a tiger, so shyqmxslcpn is not more likely to be in a zoo than tlyfybrzzcl
yfyfjv is a giraffe, ggbpesoqtte is a tiger, so ggbpesoqtte is not more likely to be in a zoo than yfyfjv
auajikboj is a horse, tdizsx is a snake, so auajikboj is more likely to jump a barrier than tdizsx
ydjffjuoug is a horse, fusprk is a snake, so ydjffjuoug is more likely to jump a barrier than fusprk
vxfwvjqveez is a horse, grmv is a snake, so vxfwvjqveez is more likely to jump a barrier than grmv
tox is a horse, vcujtw is a snake, so tox is more likely to jump a barrier than vcujtw
aap is a horse, yliqtnm is a snake, so aap is more likely to jump a barrier than yliqtnm
auajikboj is a horse, tdizsx is a snake, so tdizsx is less likely to jump a barrier than auajikboj
ydjffjuoug is a horse, fusprk is a snake, so fusprk is less likely to jump a barrier than ydjffjuoug
vxfwvjqveez is a horse, grmv is a snake, so grmv is less likely to jump a barrier than vxfwvjqveez
tox is a horse, vcujtw is a snake, so vcujtw is less likely to jump a barrier than tox
aap is a horse, yliqtnm is a snake, so yliqtnm is less likely to jump a barrier than aap
wzh is a horse, uynfqmmlw is a snake, so wzh is not less likely to jump a barrier than uynfqmmlw
msujsgp is a horse, wcklbpxhlng is a snake, so msujsgp is not less likely to jump a barrier than wcklbpxhlng
ctkxlfutni is a horse, pwxnmg is a snake, so ctkxlfutni is not less likely to jump a barrier than pwxnmg
hrty is a horse, wybiid is a snake, so hrty is not less likely to jump a barrier than wybiid
prkt is a horse, kmubkwbwdaoi is a snake, so prkt is not less likely to jump a barrier than kmubkwbwdaoi
uynfqmmlw is a horse, wzh is a snake, so wzh is not more likely to jump a barrier than uynfqmmlw
wcklbpxhlng is a horse, msujsgp is a snake, so msujsgp is not more likely to jump a barrier than wcklbpxhlng
pwxnmg is a horse, ctkxlfutni is a snake, so ctkxlfutni is not more likely to jump a barrier than pwxnmg
wybiid is a horse, hrty is a snake, so hrty is not more likely to jump a barrier than wybiid
kmubkwbwdaoi is a horse, prkt is a snake, so prkt is not more likely to jump a barrier than kmubkwbwdaoi
nus is a elephant, dsibnqzm is a dolphin, so nus will likely forget to go on the paper more than dsibnqzm
woxavtm is a elephant, uafazp is a dolphin, so woxavtm will likely forget to go on the paper more than uafazp
gswxkvsspbtf is a elephant, bluwilsialy is a dolphin, so gswxkvsspbtf will likely forget to go on the paper more than bluwilsialy
fxlgyqfwcor is a elephant, dksjtqske is a dolphin, so fxlgyqfwcor will likely forget to go on the paper more than dksjtqske
dthtwwfrdwj is a elephant, pqome is a dolphin, so dthtwwfrdwj will likely forget to go on the paper more than pqome
nus is a elephant, dsibnqzm is a dolphin, so dsibnqzm is more likely to go on the paper than nus
woxavtm is a elephant, uafazp is a dolphin, so uafazp is more likely to go on the paper than woxavtm
gswxkvsspbtf is a elephant, bluwilsialy is a dolphin, so bluwilsialy is more likely to go on the paper than gswxkvsspbtf
fxlgyqfwcor is a elephant, dksjtqske is a dolphin, so dksjtqske is more likely to go on the paper than fxlgyqfwcor
dthtwwfrdwj is a elephant, pqome is a dolphin, so pqome is more likely to go on the paper than dthtwwfrdwj
sfb is a elephant, apehrrv is a dolphin, so sfb is not less likely to go on the paper than apehrrv
jltosaw is a elephant, egxnokra is a dolphin, so jltosaw is not less likely to go on the paper than egxnokra
tkcxqux is a elephant, atjmwgkgbl is a dolphin, so tkcxqux is not less likely to go on the paper than atjmwgkgbl
ysci is a elephant, zknzo is a dolphin, so ysci is not less likely to go on the paper than zknzo
spuacjpdamz is a elephant, hayxhkjzjuno is a dolphin, so spuacjpdamz is not less likely to go on the paper than hayxhkjzjuno
apehrrv is a elephant, sfb is a dolphin, so sfb is not more likely to go on the paper than apehrrv
egxnokra is a elephant, jltosaw is a dolphin, so jltosaw is not more likely to go on the paper than egxnokra
atjmwgkgbl is a elephant, tkcxqux is a dolphin, so tkcxqux is not more likely to go on the paper than atjmwgkgbl
zknzo is a elephant, ysci is a dolphin, so ysci is not more likely to go on the paper than zknzo
hayxhkjzjuno is a elephant, spuacjpdamz is a dolphin, so spuacjpdamz is not more likely to go on the paper than hayxhkjzjuno
bqdwngzpygh is a bee, bfyfbyfdl is a sheep, so bqdwngzpygh is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than bfyfbyfdl
ghqmpp is a bee, xulumqxn is a sheep, so ghqmpp is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than xulumqxn
gtpqpuo is a bee, vwzhw is a sheep, so gtpqpuo is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than vwzhw
flrom is a bee, hsyslpp is a sheep, so flrom is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than hsyslpp
kgfkil is a bee, bskcfmrpsbqp is a sheep, so kgfkil is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than bskcfmrpsbqp
bqdwngzpygh is a bee, bfyfbyfdl is a sheep, so bfyfbyfdl is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than bqdwngzpygh
ghqmpp is a bee, xulumqxn is a sheep, so xulumqxn is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ghqmpp
gtpqpuo is a bee, vwzhw is a sheep, so vwzhw is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than gtpqpuo
flrom is a bee, hsyslpp is a sheep, so hsyslpp is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than flrom
kgfkil is a bee, bskcfmrpsbqp is a sheep, so bskcfmrpsbqp is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than kgfkil
xzh is a bee, gzclsiye is a sheep, so xzh is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than gzclsiye
ltkbkqt is a bee, ipzls is a sheep, so ltkbkqt is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ipzls
dewzje is a bee, drjwbls is a sheep, so dewzje is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than drjwbls
cdzebxlzubhw is a bee, crovj is a sheep, so cdzebxlzubhw is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than crovj
suzgec is a bee, xtovzkunphdl is a sheep, so suzgec is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than xtovzkunphdl
gzclsiye is a bee, xzh is a sheep, so xzh is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than gzclsiye
ipzls is a bee, ltkbkqt is a sheep, so ltkbkqt is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ipzls
drjwbls is a bee, dewzje is a sheep, so dewzje is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than drjwbls
crovj is a bee, cdzebxlzubhw is a sheep, so cdzebxlzubhw is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than crovj
xtovzkunphdl is a bee, suzgec is a sheep, so suzgec is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than xtovzkunphdl
ivk is a bee, kwdvkpqzo is a chicken, so ivk is less likely to fly than kwdvkpqzo
wjco is a bee, mmrn is a chicken, so wjco is less likely to fly than mmrn
ptntcafugicu is a bee, jytjf is a chicken, so ptntcafugicu is less likely to fly than jytjf
qtsiyl is a bee, acmzebdf is a chicken, so qtsiyl is less likely to fly than acmzebdf
qmzhixfmv is a bee, dumg is a chicken, so qmzhixfmv is less likely to fly than dumg
ivk is a bee, kwdvkpqzo is a chicken, so kwdvkpqzo is less likely to fly than ivk
wjco is a bee, mmrn is a chicken, so mmrn is less likely to fly than wjco
ptntcafugicu is a bee, jytjf is a chicken, so jytjf is less likely to fly than ptntcafugicu
qtsiyl is a bee, acmzebdf is a chicken, so acmzebdf is less likely to fly than qtsiyl
qmzhixfmv is a bee, dumg is a chicken, so dumg is less likely to fly than qmzhixfmv
ecrg is a bee, jnanphsuczve is a chicken, so ecrg is not less likely to fly than jnanphsuczve
fmeampsaa is a bee, tidqrqf is a chicken, so fmeampsaa is not less likely to fly than tidqrqf
vvqhnqpwlb is a bee, wijxaznmqxm is a chicken, so vvqhnqpwlb is not less likely to fly than wijxaznmqxm
tzeddnvk is a bee, vpgfmfrzc is a chicken, so tzeddnvk is not less likely to fly than vpgfmfrzc
drvnimd is a bee, yogchpub is a chicken, so drvnimd is not less likely to fly than yogchpub
jnanphsuczve is a bee, ecrg is a chicken, so ecrg is not more likely to fly than jnanphsuczve
tidqrqf is a bee, fmeampsaa is a chicken, so fmeampsaa is not more likely to fly than tidqrqf
wijxaznmqxm is a bee, vvqhnqpwlb is a chicken, so vvqhnqpwlb is not more likely to fly than wijxaznmqxm
vpgfmfrzc is a bee, tzeddnvk is a chicken, so tzeddnvk is not more likely to fly than vpgfmfrzc
yogchpub is a bee, drvnimd is a chicken, so drvnimd is not more likely to fly than yogchpub
mjdofcg is a horse, oszo is a cow, so mjdofcg is more likely to step high than oszo
dqxp is a horse, hcf is a cow, so dqxp is more likely to step high than hcf
nwgsuuigvq is a horse, sozkkoqv is a cow, so nwgsuuigvq is more likely to step high than sozkkoqv
mjtsrbpdk is a horse, jajkwqbpo is a cow, so mjtsrbpdk is more likely to step high than jajkwqbpo
cgee is a horse, mwvuwumiwc is a cow, so cgee is more likely to step high than mwvuwumiwc
mjdofcg is a horse, oszo is a cow, so oszo is less likely to step high than mjdofcg
dqxp is a horse, hcf is a cow, so hcf is less likely to step high than dqxp
nwgsuuigvq is a horse, sozkkoqv is a cow, so sozkkoqv is less likely to step high than nwgsuuigvq
mjtsrbpdk is a horse, jajkwqbpo is a cow, so jajkwqbpo is less likely to step high than mjtsrbpdk
cgee is a horse, mwvuwumiwc is a cow, so mwvuwumiwc is less likely to step high than cgee
upvbsrzm is a horse, wsosnleyrd is a cow, so upvbsrzm is not less step high than wsosnleyrd
sehskafv is a horse, uwqlreihgcn is a cow, so sehskafv is not less step high than uwqlreihgcn
hqucnmilyg is a horse, pkwhz is a cow, so hqucnmilyg is not less step high than pkwhz
zxgjkqf is a horse, dyysm is a cow, so zxgjkqf is not less step high than dyysm
udauhtx is a horse, dptq is a cow, so udauhtx is not less step high than dptq
wsosnleyrd is a horse, upvbsrzm is a cow, so upvbsrzm is not more step high than wsosnleyrd
uwqlreihgcn is a horse, sehskafv is a cow, so sehskafv is not more step high than uwqlreihgcn
pkwhz is a horse, hqucnmilyg is a cow, so hqucnmilyg is not more step high than pkwhz
dyysm is a horse, zxgjkqf is a cow, so zxgjkqf is not more step high than dyysm
dptq is a horse, udauhtx is a cow, so udauhtx is not more step high than dptq
obvk is a bear, valfqetykv is a lobster, so obvk is more likely to hunt a rabbit than valfqetykv
fsqxxbasvbvi is a bear, jkg is a lobster, so fsqxxbasvbvi is more likely to hunt a rabbit than jkg
uujuqvucu is a bear, zhqocwztptnf is a lobster, so uujuqvucu is more likely to hunt a rabbit than zhqocwztptnf
hvriz is a bear, enef is a lobster, so hvriz is more likely to hunt a rabbit than enef
xdo is a bear, hemndq is a lobster, so xdo is more likely to hunt a rabbit than hemndq
obvk is a bear, valfqetykv is a lobster, so valfqetykv is less likely to hunt a rabbit than obvk
fsqxxbasvbvi is a bear, jkg is a lobster, so jkg is less likely to hunt a rabbit than fsqxxbasvbvi
uujuqvucu is a bear, zhqocwztptnf is a lobster, so zhqocwztptnf is less likely to hunt a rabbit than uujuqvucu
hvriz is a bear, enef is a lobster, so enef is less likely to hunt a rabbit than hvriz
xdo is a bear, hemndq is a lobster, so hemndq is less likely to hunt a rabbit than xdo
kffz is a bear, arz is a lobster, so kffz is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than arz
drzkhv is a bear, vqtntuw is a lobster, so drzkhv is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than vqtntuw
uizkmovjjcp is a bear, utfzvxh is a lobster, so uizkmovjjcp is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than utfzvxh
pfko is a bear, hgkflmo is a lobster, so pfko is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than hgkflmo
tifs is a bear, rybbjpt is a lobster, so tifs is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than rybbjpt
arz is a bear, kffz is a lobster, so kffz is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than arz
vqtntuw is a bear, drzkhv is a lobster, so drzkhv is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than vqtntuw
utfzvxh is a bear, uizkmovjjcp is a lobster, so uizkmovjjcp is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than utfzvxh
hgkflmo is a bear, pfko is a lobster, so pfko is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than hgkflmo
rybbjpt is a bear, tifs is a lobster, so tifs is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than rybbjpt
anp is a turtle, ipvrvimkndw is a giraffe, so anp is more likely to be in a box than ipvrvimkndw
uadimzy is a turtle, sgoqvtvtz is a giraffe, so uadimzy is more likely to be in a box than sgoqvtvtz
kgpmvkqjrza is a turtle, usj is a giraffe, so kgpmvkqjrza is more likely to be in a box than usj
jywmoplp is a turtle, youes is a giraffe, so jywmoplp is more likely to be in a box than youes
yksdblu is a turtle, hisjwgn is a giraffe, so yksdblu is more likely to be in a box than hisjwgn
anp is a turtle, ipvrvimkndw is a giraffe, so ipvrvimkndw is less likely to be in a box than anp
uadimzy is a turtle, sgoqvtvtz is a giraffe, so sgoqvtvtz is less likely to be in a box than uadimzy
kgpmvkqjrza is a turtle, usj is a giraffe, so usj is less likely to be in a box than kgpmvkqjrza
jywmoplp is a turtle, youes is a giraffe, so youes is less likely to be in a box than jywmoplp
yksdblu is a turtle, hisjwgn is a giraffe, so hisjwgn is less likely to be in a box than yksdblu
bdvngekgf is a turtle, fzfhvljof is a giraffe, so bdvngekgf is not less likely to be in a box than fzfhvljof
zylbirjjqjhd is a turtle, dzyzmqgrhqx is a giraffe, so zylbirjjqjhd is not less likely to be in a box than dzyzmqgrhqx
gcdquuyguxs is a turtle, wamt is a giraffe, so gcdquuyguxs is not less likely to be in a box than wamt
nilwtmi is a turtle, ichwfontco is a giraffe, so nilwtmi is not less likely to be in a box than ichwfontco
xxqgeczw is a turtle, kklhjujp is a giraffe, so xxqgeczw is not less likely to be in a box than kklhjujp
fzfhvljof is a turtle, bdvngekgf is a giraffe, so bdvngekgf is not more likely to be in a box than fzfhvljof
dzyzmqgrhqx is a turtle, zylbirjjqjhd is a giraffe, so zylbirjjqjhd is not more likely to be in a box than dzyzmqgrhqx
wamt is a turtle, gcdquuyguxs is a giraffe, so gcdquuyguxs is not more likely to be in a box than wamt
ichwfontco is a turtle, nilwtmi is a giraffe, so nilwtmi is not more likely to be in a box than ichwfontco
kklhjujp is a turtle, xxqgeczw is a giraffe, so xxqgeczw is not more likely to be in a box than kklhjujp
rijkhs is a dog, oxfbvpbwdrud is a deer, so rijkhs is more likely to guard your house than oxfbvpbwdrud
dwsytcn is a dog, mazepwngum is a deer, so dwsytcn is more likely to guard your house than mazepwngum
frkeipsy is a dog, jrpuxn is a deer, so frkeipsy is more likely to guard your house than jrpuxn
gvsvy is a dog, vjbyfpun is a deer, so gvsvy is more likely to guard your house than vjbyfpun
sqmodf is a dog, qqiizm is a deer, so sqmodf is more likely to guard your house than qqiizm
rijkhs is a dog, oxfbvpbwdrud is a deer, so oxfbvpbwdrud is less likely to guard your house than rijkhs
dwsytcn is a dog, mazepwngum is a deer, so mazepwngum is less likely to guard your house than dwsytcn
frkeipsy is a dog, jrpuxn is a deer, so jrpuxn is less likely to guard your house than frkeipsy
gvsvy is a dog, vjbyfpun is a deer, so vjbyfpun is less likely to guard your house than gvsvy
sqmodf is a dog, qqiizm is a deer, so qqiizm is less likely to guard your house than sqmodf
gdidxxnnfgb is a dog, qsimoxlqxi is a deer, so gdidxxnnfgb is not less likely to guard your house than qsimoxlqxi
zrlpno is a dog, ojexhxabsi is a deer, so zrlpno is not less likely to guard your house than ojexhxabsi
gtcimhalgs is a dog, gyvivgtwwl is a deer, so gtcimhalgs is not less likely to guard your house than gyvivgtwwl
chlmhwkyi is a dog, yyqfauiim is a deer, so chlmhwkyi is not less likely to guard your house than yyqfauiim
nel is a dog, bfvgzsgj is a deer, so nel is not less likely to guard your house than bfvgzsgj
qsimoxlqxi is a dog, gdidxxnnfgb is a deer, so gdidxxnnfgb is not more likely to guard your house than qsimoxlqxi
ojexhxabsi is a dog, zrlpno is a deer, so zrlpno is not more likely to guard your house than ojexhxabsi
gyvivgtwwl is a dog, gtcimhalgs is a deer, so gtcimhalgs is not more likely to guard your house than gyvivgtwwl
yyqfauiim is a dog, chlmhwkyi is a deer, so chlmhwkyi is not more likely to guard your house than yyqfauiim
bfvgzsgj is a dog, nel is a deer, so nel is not more likely to guard your house than bfvgzsgj
skoll is a chicken, xcnvpsdhsd is a scorpion, so skoll is more likely to cross the road than xcnvpsdhsd
tuagmjcgyhp is a chicken, dmuotjymxf is a scorpion, so tuagmjcgyhp is more likely to cross the road than dmuotjymxf
kbhys is a chicken, evn is a scorpion, so kbhys is more likely to cross the road than evn
hjppoonqhxg is a chicken, dley is a scorpion, so hjppoonqhxg is more likely to cross the road than dley
kzqwh is a chicken, idmnilgvy is a scorpion, so kzqwh is more likely to cross the road than idmnilgvy
skoll is a chicken, xcnvpsdhsd is a scorpion, so xcnvpsdhsd is less likely to cross the road than skoll
tuagmjcgyhp is a chicken, dmuotjymxf is a scorpion, so dmuotjymxf is less likely to cross the road than tuagmjcgyhp
kbhys is a chicken, evn is a scorpion, so evn is less likely to cross the road than kbhys
hjppoonqhxg is a chicken, dley is a scorpion, so dley is less likely to cross the road than hjppoonqhxg
kzqwh is a chicken, idmnilgvy is a scorpion, so idmnilgvy is less likely to cross the road than kzqwh
hneow is a chicken, pvubbtkamw is a scorpion, so hneow is not less likely to cross the road than pvubbtkamw
ssexmhynn is a chicken, qytspafg is a scorpion, so ssexmhynn is not less likely to cross the road than qytspafg
scjayfbjpsk is a chicken, gdjzoh is a scorpion, so scjayfbjpsk is not less likely to cross the road than gdjzoh
yra is a chicken, yfiqksflokh is a scorpion, so yra is not less likely to cross the road than yfiqksflokh
ovpidjzcmuzl is a chicken, gjrzgyuiwiux is a scorpion, so ovpidjzcmuzl is not less likely to cross the road than gjrzgyuiwiux
pvubbtkamw is a chicken, hneow is a scorpion, so hneow is not more likely to cross the road than pvubbtkamw
qytspafg is a chicken, ssexmhynn is a scorpion, so ssexmhynn is not more likely to cross the road than qytspafg
gdjzoh is a chicken, scjayfbjpsk is a scorpion, so scjayfbjpsk is not more likely to cross the road than gdjzoh
yfiqksflokh is a chicken, yra is a scorpion, so yra is not more likely to cross the road than yfiqksflokh
gjrzgyuiwiux is a chicken, ovpidjzcmuzl is a scorpion, so ovpidjzcmuzl is not more likely to cross the road than gjrzgyuiwiux
dyxzjc is a spider, lqunbwcljinr is a turtle, so dyxzjc is more likely to spin webs than lqunbwcljinr
drtmhgkhw is a spider, wycvclfvknp is a turtle, so drtmhgkhw is more likely to spin webs than wycvclfvknp
gwoqlrc is a spider, ldsklqphzw is a turtle, so gwoqlrc is more likely to spin webs than ldsklqphzw
aujyyb is a spider, howdsixztfzq is a turtle, so aujyyb is more likely to spin webs than howdsixztfzq
yeacwijzhicf is a spider, muvstfzlua is a turtle, so yeacwijzhicf is more likely to spin webs than muvstfzlua
dyxzjc is a spider, lqunbwcljinr is a turtle, so lqunbwcljinr is less likely to spin webs than dyxzjc
drtmhgkhw is a spider, wycvclfvknp is a turtle, so wycvclfvknp is less likely to spin webs than drtmhgkhw
gwoqlrc is a spider, ldsklqphzw is a turtle, so ldsklqphzw is less likely to spin webs than gwoqlrc
aujyyb is a spider, howdsixztfzq is a turtle, so howdsixztfzq is less likely to spin webs than aujyyb
yeacwijzhicf is a spider, muvstfzlua is a turtle, so muvstfzlua is less likely to spin webs than yeacwijzhicf
rrrept is a spider, knpe is a turtle, so rrrept is not less likely to spin webs than knpe
gihjwewqviif is a spider, vyq is a turtle, so gihjwewqviif is not less likely to spin webs than vyq
jwatenol is a spider, jqsf is a turtle, so jwatenol is not less likely to spin webs than jqsf
jdicyfmmyehs is a spider, sgutx is a turtle, so jdicyfmmyehs is not less likely to spin webs than sgutx
ecsfxcnzb is a spider, jjcmuccfqr is a turtle, so ecsfxcnzb is not less likely to spin webs than jjcmuccfqr
knpe is a spider, rrrept is a turtle, so rrrept is not more likely to spin webs than knpe
vyq is a spider, gihjwewqviif is a turtle, so gihjwewqviif is not more likely to spin webs than vyq
jqsf is a spider, jwatenol is a turtle, so jwatenol is not more likely to spin webs than jqsf
sgutx is a spider, jdicyfmmyehs is a turtle, so jdicyfmmyehs is not more likely to spin webs than sgutx
jjcmuccfqr is a spider, ecsfxcnzb is a turtle, so ecsfxcnzb is not more likely to spin webs than jjcmuccfqr
icbyclzojtuc is a octopus, pinblhnvba is a rabbit, so icbyclzojtuc is more likely to be in the ocean than pinblhnvba
xax is a octopus, smfxhax is a rabbit, so xax is more likely to be in the ocean than smfxhax
mebvhh is a octopus, sxiclkxlpfic is a rabbit, so mebvhh is more likely to be in the ocean than sxiclkxlpfic
yotundreaw is a octopus, sepyhhfxuokv is a rabbit, so yotundreaw is more likely to be in the ocean than sepyhhfxuokv
ftmekuv is a octopus, nxsoazdyhiab is a rabbit, so ftmekuv is more likely to be in the ocean than nxsoazdyhiab
icbyclzojtuc is a octopus, pinblhnvba is a rabbit, so pinblhnvba is less likely to be in the ocean than icbyclzojtuc
xax is a octopus, smfxhax is a rabbit, so smfxhax is less likely to be in the ocean than xax
mebvhh is a octopus, sxiclkxlpfic is a rabbit, so sxiclkxlpfic is less likely to be in the ocean than mebvhh
yotundreaw is a octopus, sepyhhfxuokv is a rabbit, so sepyhhfxuokv is less likely to be in the ocean than yotundreaw
ftmekuv is a octopus, nxsoazdyhiab is a rabbit, so nxsoazdyhiab is less likely to be in the ocean than ftmekuv
vzyse is a octopus, ogwxdtkozuwz is a rabbit, so vzyse is not less likely to be in the ocean than ogwxdtkozuwz
vuqjogusek is a octopus, aoamyfp is a rabbit, so vuqjogusek is not less likely to be in the ocean than aoamyfp
jbsp is a octopus, qvfhsjaaop is a rabbit, so jbsp is not less likely to be in the ocean than qvfhsjaaop
rmlg is a octopus, yulrv is a rabbit, so rmlg is not less likely to be in the ocean than yulrv
tdesqemtp is a octopus, avscxdl is a rabbit, so tdesqemtp is not less likely to be in the ocean than avscxdl
ogwxdtkozuwz is a octopus, vzyse is a rabbit, so vzyse is not more likely to be in the ocean than ogwxdtkozuwz
aoamyfp is a octopus, vuqjogusek is a rabbit, so vuqjogusek is not more likely to be in the ocean than aoamyfp
qvfhsjaaop is a octopus, jbsp is a rabbit, so jbsp is not more likely to be in the ocean than qvfhsjaaop
yulrv is a octopus, rmlg is a rabbit, so rmlg is not more likely to be in the ocean than yulrv
avscxdl is a octopus, tdesqemtp is a rabbit, so tdesqemtp is not more likely to be in the ocean than avscxdl
ytgwttoexmt is a cat, jwkwarjvj is a dolphin, so ytgwttoexmt is more likely to be at a vet than jwkwarjvj
djwhoy is a cat, cchm is a dolphin, so djwhoy is more likely to be at a vet than cchm
uxilzdtgdaqr is a cat, xxicwhzip is a dolphin, so uxilzdtgdaqr is more likely to be at a vet than xxicwhzip
megzq is a cat, kqeez is a dolphin, so megzq is more likely to be at a vet than kqeez
ngkoxwucpgeb is a cat, okwubzwsf is a dolphin, so ngkoxwucpgeb is more likely to be at a vet than okwubzwsf
ytgwttoexmt is a cat, jwkwarjvj is a dolphin, so jwkwarjvj is less likely to be at a vet than ytgwttoexmt
djwhoy is a cat, cchm is a dolphin, so cchm is less likely to be at a vet than djwhoy
uxilzdtgdaqr is a cat, xxicwhzip is a dolphin, so xxicwhzip is less likely to be at a vet than uxilzdtgdaqr
megzq is a cat, kqeez is a dolphin, so kqeez is less likely to be at a vet than megzq
ngkoxwucpgeb is a cat, okwubzwsf is a dolphin, so okwubzwsf is less likely to be at a vet than ngkoxwucpgeb
qxl is a cat, hwdhdal is a dolphin, so qxl is not less likely to be at a vet than hwdhdal
lww is a cat, aalvmlwwjf is a dolphin, so lww is not less likely to be at a vet than aalvmlwwjf
vka is a cat, nddbejfs is a dolphin, so vka is not less likely to be at a vet than nddbejfs
gomrppoa is a cat, svkmiwpb is a dolphin, so gomrppoa is not less likely to be at a vet than svkmiwpb
elreqkuwbd is a cat, vaafminjbc is a dolphin, so elreqkuwbd is not less likely to be at a vet than vaafminjbc
hwdhdal is a cat, qxl is a dolphin, so qxl is not more likely to be at a vet than hwdhdal
aalvmlwwjf is a cat, lww is a dolphin, so lww is not more likely to be at a vet than aalvmlwwjf
nddbejfs is a cat, vka is a dolphin, so vka is not more likely to be at a vet than nddbejfs
svkmiwpb is a cat, gomrppoa is a dolphin, so gomrppoa is not more likely to be at a vet than svkmiwpb
vaafminjbc is a cat, elreqkuwbd is a dolphin, so elreqkuwbd is not more likely to be at a vet than vaafminjbc
tifpsuhqcrtt is a bird, bvajxssus is a bear, so tifpsuhqcrtt is more likely to be in a cage than bvajxssus
wimagovyfxrh is a bird, rov is a bear, so wimagovyfxrh is more likely to be in a cage than rov
komrtpjp is a bird, ggbbfonvnjt is a bear, so komrtpjp is more likely to be in a cage than ggbbfonvnjt
tsvo is a bird, smx is a bear, so tsvo is more likely to be in a cage than smx
tlhf is a bird, kdbfyn is a bear, so tlhf is more likely to be in a cage than kdbfyn
tifpsuhqcrtt is a bird, bvajxssus is a bear, so bvajxssus is less likely to be in a cage than tifpsuhqcrtt
wimagovyfxrh is a bird, rov is a bear, so rov is less likely to be in a cage than wimagovyfxrh
komrtpjp is a bird, ggbbfonvnjt is a bear, so ggbbfonvnjt is less likely to be in a cage than komrtpjp
tsvo is a bird, smx is a bear, so smx is less likely to be in a cage than tsvo
tlhf is a bird, kdbfyn is a bear, so kdbfyn is less likely to be in a cage than tlhf
phph is a bird, ltnzrblrs is a bear, so phph is not less likely to be in a cage than ltnzrblrs
obi is a bird, mfazzun is a bear, so obi is not less likely to be in a cage than mfazzun
mkisvahtu is a bird, oaebb is a bear, so mkisvahtu is not less likely to be in a cage than oaebb
arxgybz is a bird, yiorqaqxmarr is a bear, so arxgybz is not less likely to be in a cage than yiorqaqxmarr
bde is a bird, kmijujrjcshd is a bear, so bde is not less likely to be in a cage than kmijujrjcshd
ltnzrblrs is a bird, phph is a bear, so phph is not more likely to be in a cage than ltnzrblrs
mfazzun is a bird, obi is a bear, so obi is not more likely to be in a cage than mfazzun
oaebb is a bird, mkisvahtu is a bear, so mkisvahtu is not more likely to be in a cage than oaebb
yiorqaqxmarr is a bird, arxgybz is a bear, so arxgybz is not more likely to be in a cage than yiorqaqxmarr
kmijujrjcshd is a bird, bde is a bear, so bde is not more likely to be in a cage than kmijujrjcshd
sdlhljjhjibi is a sheep, qidcn is a kangaroo, so sdlhljjhjibi is more likely to graze than qidcn
mdoehdch is a sheep, zghbfnez is a kangaroo, so mdoehdch is more likely to graze than zghbfnez
ykej is a sheep, kdkrizxyqj is a kangaroo, so ykej is more likely to graze than kdkrizxyqj
kruxigmu is a sheep, nrirrcoaaawl is a kangaroo, so kruxigmu is more likely to graze than nrirrcoaaawl
ewdikhst is a sheep, rojlcmtpb is a kangaroo, so ewdikhst is more likely to graze than rojlcmtpb
sdlhljjhjibi is a sheep, qidcn is a kangaroo, so qidcn is less likely to graze than sdlhljjhjibi
mdoehdch is a sheep, zghbfnez is a kangaroo, so zghbfnez is less likely to graze than mdoehdch
ykej is a sheep, kdkrizxyqj is a kangaroo, so kdkrizxyqj is less likely to graze than ykej
kruxigmu is a sheep, nrirrcoaaawl is a kangaroo, so nrirrcoaaawl is less likely to graze than kruxigmu
ewdikhst is a sheep, rojlcmtpb is a kangaroo, so rojlcmtpb is less likely to graze than ewdikhst
lpnkqbpivboy is a sheep, ftebtzu is a kangaroo, so lpnkqbpivboy is not less likely to graze than ftebtzu
sujbvao is a sheep, klrsmewlhl is a kangaroo, so sujbvao is not less likely to graze than klrsmewlhl
ujgekaux is a sheep, fhsfcgc is a kangaroo, so ujgekaux is not less likely to graze than fhsfcgc
xlgpmpyqqmj is a sheep, cfzybxvmzqvr is a kangaroo, so xlgpmpyqqmj is not less likely to graze than cfzybxvmzqvr
agfasvvulcdk is a sheep, nhor is a kangaroo, so agfasvvulcdk is not less likely to graze than nhor
ftebtzu is a sheep, lpnkqbpivboy is a kangaroo, so lpnkqbpivboy is not more likely to graze than ftebtzu
klrsmewlhl is a sheep, sujbvao is a kangaroo, so sujbvao is not more likely to graze than klrsmewlhl
fhsfcgc is a sheep, ujgekaux is a kangaroo, so ujgekaux is not more likely to graze than fhsfcgc
cfzybxvmzqvr is a sheep, xlgpmpyqqmj is a kangaroo, so xlgpmpyqqmj is not more likely to graze than cfzybxvmzqvr
nhor is a sheep, agfasvvulcdk is a kangaroo, so agfasvvulcdk is not more likely to graze than nhor
ehjijvm is a dog, nldm is a dolphin, so ehjijvm is more likely to guard your house than nldm
vplrtfh is a dog, tzyjupzueft is a dolphin, so vplrtfh is more likely to guard your house than tzyjupzueft
mkul is a dog, aiebhvcmvsku is a dolphin, so mkul is more likely to guard your house than aiebhvcmvsku
miffjsbmx is a dog, vcvwfi is a dolphin, so miffjsbmx is more likely to guard your house than vcvwfi
evrdedtcw is a dog, dvlcr is a dolphin, so evrdedtcw is more likely to guard your house than dvlcr
ehjijvm is a dog, nldm is a dolphin, so nldm is less likely to guard your house than ehjijvm
vplrtfh is a dog, tzyjupzueft is a dolphin, so tzyjupzueft is less likely to guard your house than vplrtfh
mkul is a dog, aiebhvcmvsku is a dolphin, so aiebhvcmvsku is less likely to guard your house than mkul
miffjsbmx is a dog, vcvwfi is a dolphin, so vcvwfi is less likely to guard your house than miffjsbmx
evrdedtcw is a dog, dvlcr is a dolphin, so dvlcr is less likely to guard your house than evrdedtcw
yafhjtm is a dog, jktsdbm is a dolphin, so yafhjtm is not less likely to guard your house than jktsdbm
nsvftvdkdac is a dog, ildak is a dolphin, so nsvftvdkdac is not less likely to guard your house than ildak
talwobjipih is a dog, bhvwzsjceu is a dolphin, so talwobjipih is not less likely to guard your house than bhvwzsjceu
iubcwpfyqo is a dog, aija is a dolphin, so iubcwpfyqo is not less likely to guard your house than aija
pexjtlwuc is a dog, gqqhzsmxdg is a dolphin, so pexjtlwuc is not less likely to guard your house than gqqhzsmxdg
jktsdbm is a dog, yafhjtm is a dolphin, so yafhjtm is not more likely to guard your house than jktsdbm
ildak is a dog, nsvftvdkdac is a dolphin, so nsvftvdkdac is not more likely to guard your house than ildak
bhvwzsjceu is a dog, talwobjipih is a dolphin, so talwobjipih is not more likely to guard your house than bhvwzsjceu
aija is a dog, iubcwpfyqo is a dolphin, so iubcwpfyqo is not more likely to guard your house than aija
gqqhzsmxdg is a dog, pexjtlwuc is a dolphin, so pexjtlwuc is not more likely to guard your house than gqqhzsmxdg
rbcoqkmlfmb is a monkey, dbekg is a ant, so rbcoqkmlfmb is more likely to be in the rain forest than dbekg
qov is a monkey, nrzzc is a ant, so qov is more likely to be in the rain forest than nrzzc
uzvbu is a monkey, dpvnks is a ant, so uzvbu is more likely to be in the rain forest than dpvnks
nvnfpxrpebb is a monkey, nedncqmew is a ant, so nvnfpxrpebb is more likely to be in the rain forest than nedncqmew
rbk is a monkey, yykyu is a ant, so rbk is more likely to be in the rain forest than yykyu
rbcoqkmlfmb is a monkey, dbekg is an ant, so dbekg is less likely to be in the rain forest than rbcoqkmlfmb
qov is a monkey, nrzzc is an ant, so nrzzc is less likely to be in the rain forest than qov
uzvbu is a monkey, dpvnks is an ant, so dpvnks is less likely to be in the rain forest than uzvbu
nvnfpxrpebb is a monkey, nedncqmew is an ant, so nedncqmew is less likely to be in the rain forest than nvnfpxrpebb
rbk is a monkey, yykyu is an ant, so yykyu is less likely to be in the rain forest than rbk
nld is a monkey, zcpszvjq is an ant, so nld is not more likely to be in the rain forest than zcpszvjq
ncmieduom is a monkey, obkxmk is an ant, so ncmieduom is not more likely to be in the rain forest than obkxmk
hqsrdd is a monkey, mttnvhyzz is an ant, so hqsrdd is not more likely to be in the rain forest than mttnvhyzz
cugjqmvnxnvm is a monkey, spsxnrb is an ant, so cugjqmvnxnvm is not more likely to be in the rain forest than spsxnrb
zrg is a monkey, seczikr is an ant, so zrg is not more likely to be in the rain forest than seczikr
zcpszvjq is a monkey, nld is an ant, so nld is not more likely to be in the rain forest than zcpszvjq
obkxmk is a monkey, ncmieduom is an ant, so ncmieduom is not more likely to be in the rain forest than obkxmk
mttnvhyzz is a monkey, hqsrdd is an ant, so hqsrdd is not more likely to be in the rain forest than mttnvhyzz
spsxnrb is a monkey, cugjqmvnxnvm is an ant, so cugjqmvnxnvm is not more likely to be in the rain forest than spsxnrb
seczikr is a monkey, zrg is an ant, so zrg is not more likely to be in the rain forest than seczikr
mwxmwiqtw is a kangaroo, gknt is a seal, so mwxmwiqtw is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than gknt
fsqxifpavo is a kangaroo, ggyurildd is a seal, so fsqxifpavo is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ggyurildd
iurfcjz is a kangaroo, kmpfp is a seal, so iurfcjz is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than kmpfp
uymj is a kangaroo, oqeuhe is a seal, so uymj is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than oqeuhe
afgebsxqk is a kangaroo, fbvdwrtpxajx is a seal, so afgebsxqk is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than fbvdwrtpxajx
mwxmwiqtw is a kangaroo, gknt is a seal, so gknt is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than mwxmwiqtw
fsqxifpavo is a kangaroo, ggyurildd is a seal, so ggyurildd is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than fsqxifpavo
iurfcjz is a kangaroo, kmpfp is a seal, so kmpfp is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than iurfcjz
uymj is a kangaroo, oqeuhe is a seal, so oqeuhe is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than uymj
afgebsxqk is a kangaroo, fbvdwrtpxajx is a seal, so fbvdwrtpxajx is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than afgebsxqk
zdfypmrv is a kangaroo, dzfjwzwp is a seal, so zdfypmrv is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than dzfjwzwp
yqdqyqgtubzv is a kangaroo, vejw is a seal, so yqdqyqgtubzv is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than vejw
sjzzrr is a kangaroo, ropzzri is a seal, so sjzzrr is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ropzzri
zunlnkkht is a kangaroo, ibtdlw is a seal, so zunlnkkht is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ibtdlw
eaikslekf is a kangaroo, cijhe is a seal, so eaikslekf is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than cijhe
dzfjwzwp is a kangaroo, zdfypmrv is a seal, so zdfypmrv is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than dzfjwzwp
vejw is a kangaroo, yqdqyqgtubzv is a seal, so yqdqyqgtubzv is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than vejw
ropzzri is a kangaroo, sjzzrr is a seal, so sjzzrr is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ropzzri
ibtdlw is a kangaroo, zunlnkkht is a seal, so zunlnkkht is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ibtdlw
cijhe is a kangaroo, eaikslekf is a seal, so eaikslekf is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than cijhe
oduwgwgrxcb is a chicken, uayljfaumjp is a dog, so oduwgwgrxcb is more likely to be stirfried in butter than uayljfaumjp
ixygwptslkzr is a chicken, gbdpx is a dog, so ixygwptslkzr is more likely to be stirfried in butter than gbdpx
jmxbrqgwtd is a chicken, hjy is a dog, so jmxbrqgwtd is more likely to be stirfried in butter than hjy
zktveyjrx is a chicken, juznhxf is a dog, so zktveyjrx is more likely to be stirfried in butter than juznhxf
lppmfwzqq is a chicken, hgxfgmaomiq is a dog, so lppmfwzqq is more likely to be stirfried in butter than hgxfgmaomiq
oduwgwgrxcb is a chicken, uayljfaumjp is a dog, so uayljfaumjp is less likely to be stirfried in butter than oduwgwgrxcb
ixygwptslkzr is a chicken, gbdpx is a dog, so gbdpx is less likely to be stirfried in butter than ixygwptslkzr
jmxbrqgwtd is a chicken, hjy is a dog, so hjy is less likely to be stirfried in butter than jmxbrqgwtd
zktveyjrx is a chicken, juznhxf is a dog, so juznhxf is less likely to be stirfried in butter than zktveyjrx
lppmfwzqq is a chicken, hgxfgmaomiq is a dog, so hgxfgmaomiq is less likely to be stirfried in butter than lppmfwzqq
wmhj is a chicken, ylybbhkfvryr is a dog, so wmhj is not less likely to be stirfried in butter than ylybbhkfvryr
mwun is a chicken, rpztaingdgh is a dog, so mwun is not less likely to be stirfried in butter than rpztaingdgh
jkt is a chicken, xpbxdbvmops is a dog, so jkt is not less likely to be stirfried in butter than xpbxdbvmops
hqnxiqbedq is a chicken, bkdtkizrvmb is a dog, so hqnxiqbedq is not less likely to be stirfried in butter than bkdtkizrvmb
amkmqonaru is a chicken, npbbsiryny is a dog, so amkmqonaru is not less likely to be stirfried in butter than npbbsiryny
ylybbhkfvryr is a chicken, wmhj is a dog, so wmhj is not more likely to be stirfried in butter than ylybbhkfvryr
rpztaingdgh is a chicken, mwun is a dog, so mwun is not more likely to be stirfried in butter than rpztaingdgh
xpbxdbvmops is a chicken, jkt is a dog, so jkt is not more likely to be stirfried in butter than xpbxdbvmops
bkdtkizrvmb is a chicken, hqnxiqbedq is a dog, so hqnxiqbedq is not more likely to be stirfried in butter than bkdtkizrvmb
npbbsiryny is a chicken, amkmqonaru is a dog, so amkmqonaru is not more likely to be stirfried in butter than npbbsiryny
vdt is a chicken, dyfly is a shark, so vdt is more likely to be a pet than dyfly
ndzpepen is a chicken, slivajpqu is a shark, so ndzpepen is more likely to be a pet than slivajpqu
wrwotkbyir is a chicken, fwbopo is a shark, so wrwotkbyir is more likely to be a pet than fwbopo
ydhxgz is a chicken, hvyjf is a shark, so ydhxgz is more likely to be a pet than hvyjf
nqxkwd is a chicken, fqifxmukmj is a shark, so nqxkwd is more likely to be a pet than fqifxmukmj
vdt is a chicken, dyfly is a shark, so dyfly is less likely to be a pet than vdt
ndzpepen is a chicken, slivajpqu is a shark, so slivajpqu is less likely to be a pet than ndzpepen
wrwotkbyir is a chicken, fwbopo is a shark, so fwbopo is less likely to be a pet than wrwotkbyir
ydhxgz is a chicken, hvyjf is a shark, so hvyjf is less likely to be a pet than ydhxgz
nqxkwd is a chicken, fqifxmukmj is a shark, so fqifxmukmj is less likely to be a pet than nqxkwd
deq is a chicken, vys is a shark, so deq is not less likely to be a pet than vys
vtrzrth is a chicken, tsmywcjyx is a shark, so vtrzrth is not less likely to be a pet than tsmywcjyx
cdnns is a chicken, vcwytoz is a shark, so cdnns is not less likely to be a pet than vcwytoz
jknhszrbdl is a chicken, cfoqjq is a shark, so jknhszrbdl is not less likely to be a pet than cfoqjq
ejgwjigxpjo is a chicken, owuzcvvtcr is a shark, so ejgwjigxpjo is not less likely to be a pet than owuzcvvtcr
vys is a chicken, deq is a shark, so deq is not more likely to be a pet than vys
tsmywcjyx is a chicken, vtrzrth is a shark, so vtrzrth is not more likely to be a pet than tsmywcjyx
vcwytoz is a chicken, cdnns is a shark, so cdnns is not more likely to be a pet than vcwytoz
cfoqjq is a chicken, jknhszrbdl is a shark, so jknhszrbdl is not more likely to be a pet than cfoqjq
owuzcvvtcr is a chicken, ejgwjigxpjo is a shark, so ejgwjigxpjo is not more likely to be a pet than owuzcvvtcr
hfjhsy is a rat, qiajakq is a cheetah, so hfjhsy is more likely to press a lever than qiajakq
tuv is a rat, fjtnzpymhl is a cheetah, so tuv is more likely to press a lever than fjtnzpymhl
wegonoysfmdq is a rat, zuyhfa is a cheetah, so wegonoysfmdq is more likely to press a lever than zuyhfa
mgxg is a rat, lkkp is a cheetah, so mgxg is more likely to press a lever than lkkp
tpyxbpnoh is a rat, cvxdpq is a cheetah, so tpyxbpnoh is more likely to press a lever than cvxdpq
hfjhsy is a rat, qiajakq is a cheetah, so qiajakq is less likely to press a lever than hfjhsy
tuv is a rat, fjtnzpymhl is a cheetah, so fjtnzpymhl is less likely to press a lever than tuv
wegonoysfmdq is a rat, zuyhfa is a cheetah, so zuyhfa is less likely to press a lever than wegonoysfmdq
mgxg is a rat, lkkp is a cheetah, so lkkp is less likely to press a lever than mgxg
tpyxbpnoh is a rat, cvxdpq is a cheetah, so cvxdpq is less likely to press a lever than tpyxbpnoh
lku is a rat, iqx is a cheetah, so lku is not less likely to press a lever than iqx
oqtm is a rat, pxpedyvtr is a cheetah, so oqtm is not less likely to press a lever than pxpedyvtr
nogyfxj is a rat, uesfptxv is a cheetah, so nogyfxj is not less likely to press a lever than uesfptxv
syunp is a rat, pnlhdittv is a cheetah, so syunp is not less likely to press a lever than pnlhdittv
wnnljnz is a rat, xgij is a cheetah, so wnnljnz is not less likely to press a lever than xgij
iqx is a rat, lku is a cheetah, so lku is not more likely to press a lever than iqx
pxpedyvtr is a rat, oqtm is a cheetah, so oqtm is not more likely to press a lever than pxpedyvtr
uesfptxv is a rat, nogyfxj is a cheetah, so nogyfxj is not more likely to press a lever than uesfptxv
pnlhdittv is a rat, syunp is a cheetah, so syunp is not more likely to press a lever than pnlhdittv
xgij is a rat, wnnljnz is a cheetah, so wnnljnz is not more likely to press a lever than xgij
zndcalflj is a dog, sshvmnmipre is a snail, so zndcalflj is more likely to be on a leash than sshvmnmipre
zwpvsqadkpr is a dog, vqagjlofrpc is a snail, so zwpvsqadkpr is more likely to be on a leash than vqagjlofrpc
laaz is a dog, wawuamdukfr is a snail, so laaz is more likely to be on a leash than wawuamdukfr
qpnusqolr is a dog, rxdws is a snail, so qpnusqolr is more likely to be on a leash than rxdws
upehkxuwdgdf is a dog, gqbntiiaa is a snail, so upehkxuwdgdf is more likely to be on a leash than gqbntiiaa
zndcalflj is a dog, sshvmnmipre is a snail, so sshvmnmipre is less likely to be on a leash than zndcalflj
zwpvsqadkpr is a dog, vqagjlofrpc is a snail, so vqagjlofrpc is less likely to be on a leash than zwpvsqadkpr
laaz is a dog, wawuamdukfr is a snail, so wawuamdukfr is less likely to be on a leash than laaz
qpnusqolr is a dog, rxdws is a snail, so rxdws is less likely to be on a leash than qpnusqolr
upehkxuwdgdf is a dog, gqbntiiaa is a snail, so gqbntiiaa is less likely to be on a leash than upehkxuwdgdf
wdh is a dog, vcaqnx is a snail, so wdh is not less likely to be on a leash than vcaqnx
jkgfjk is a dog, bakcxgnmy is a snail, so jkgfjk is not less likely to be on a leash than bakcxgnmy
tztbfjkj is a dog, dqazunfggiqg is a snail, so tztbfjkj is not less likely to be on a leash than dqazunfggiqg
birc is a dog, wnnsmtri is a snail, so birc is not less likely to be on a leash than wnnsmtri
zvi is a dog, mvmrdechmgv is a snail, so zvi is not less likely to be on a leash than mvmrdechmgv
vcaqnx is a dog, wdh is a snail, so wdh is not more likely to be on a leash than vcaqnx
bakcxgnmy is a dog, jkgfjk is a snail, so jkgfjk is not more likely to be on a leash than bakcxgnmy
dqazunfggiqg is a dog, tztbfjkj is a snail, so tztbfjkj is not more likely to be on a leash than dqazunfggiqg
wnnsmtri is a dog, birc is a snail, so birc is not more likely to be on a leash than wnnsmtri
mvmrdechmgv is a dog, zvi is a snail, so zvi is not more likely to be on a leash than mvmrdechmgv
box is a spider, vqlhbutcqgat is a shark, so box is more likely to be in a web than vqlhbutcqgat
effzembgeb is a spider, xoecaut is a shark, so effzembgeb is more likely to be in a web than xoecaut
ikz is a spider, plejdoddry is a shark, so ikz is more likely to be in a web than plejdoddry
qwquakm is a spider, eumis is a shark, so qwquakm is more likely to be in a web than eumis
xvgna is a spider, rlygdy is a shark, so xvgna is more likely to be in a web than rlygdy
box is a spider, vqlhbutcqgat is a shark, so vqlhbutcqgat is less likely to be in a web than box
effzembgeb is a spider, xoecaut is a shark, so xoecaut is less likely to be in a web than effzembgeb
ikz is a spider, plejdoddry is a shark, so plejdoddry is less likely to be in a web than ikz
qwquakm is a spider, eumis is a shark, so eumis is less likely to be in a web than qwquakm
xvgna is a spider, rlygdy is a shark, so rlygdy is less likely to be in a web than xvgna
pdrtqx is a spider, pwkksqynhqk is a shark, so pdrtqx is not less likely to be in a web than pwkksqynhqk
eobtmshoz is a spider, rax is a shark, so eobtmshoz is not less likely to be in a web than rax
vzhmay is a spider, cwnyeho is a shark, so vzhmay is not less likely to be in a web than cwnyeho
oqpcwqaswys is a spider, yocfpgdc is a shark, so oqpcwqaswys is not less likely to be in a web than yocfpgdc
vhvpaqnbjmw is a spider, irydas is a shark, so vhvpaqnbjmw is not less likely to be in a web than irydas
pwkksqynhqk is a spider, pdrtqx is a shark, so pdrtqx is not more likely to be in a web than pwkksqynhqk
rax is a spider, eobtmshoz is a shark, so eobtmshoz is not more likely to be in a web than rax
cwnyeho is a spider, vzhmay is a shark, so vzhmay is not more likely to be in a web than cwnyeho
yocfpgdc is a spider, oqpcwqaswys is a shark, so oqpcwqaswys is not more likely to be in a web than yocfpgdc
irydas is a spider, vhvpaqnbjmw is a shark, so vhvpaqnbjmw is not more likely to be in a web than irydas
lnwlwna is a bird, nfecdhbphmoh is a chicken, so lnwlwna is more likely to be in the forest than nfecdhbphmoh
qdxik is a bird, qvwgnvomuhrx is a chicken, so qdxik is more likely to be in the forest than qvwgnvomuhrx
zyxpma is a bird, klriwljo is a chicken, so zyxpma is more likely to be in the forest than klriwljo
ntvee is a bird, ioifchcv is a chicken, so ntvee is more likely to be in the forest than ioifchcv
ojwrb is a bird, gols is a chicken, so ojwrb is more likely to be in the forest than gols
lnwlwna is a bird, nfecdhbphmoh is a chicken, so nfecdhbphmoh is less likely to be in the forest than lnwlwna
qdxik is a bird, qvwgnvomuhrx is a chicken, so qvwgnvomuhrx is less likely to be in the forest than qdxik
zyxpma is a bird, klriwljo is a chicken, so klriwljo is less likely to be in the forest than zyxpma
ntvee is a bird, ioifchcv is a chicken, so ioifchcv is less likely to be in the forest than ntvee
ojwrb is a bird, gols is a chicken, so gols is less likely to be in the forest than ojwrb
ennfpqij is a bird, wgfvhi is a chicken, so ennfpqij is not less likely to be in the forest than wgfvhi
vkkexohbyvq is a bird, wcmz is a chicken, so vkkexohbyvq is not less likely to be in the forest than wcmz
mergxgnyrx is a bird, xxt is a chicken, so mergxgnyrx is not less likely to be in the forest than xxt
mgmfx is a bird, zmuffjxnxzi is a chicken, so mgmfx is not less likely to be in the forest than zmuffjxnxzi
xjt is a bird, aommtp is a chicken, so xjt is not less likely to be in the forest than aommtp
wgfvhi is a bird, ennfpqij is a chicken, so ennfpqij is not more likely to be in the forest than wgfvhi
wcmz is a bird, vkkexohbyvq is a chicken, so vkkexohbyvq is not more likely to be in the forest than wcmz
xxt is a bird, mergxgnyrx is a chicken, so mergxgnyrx is not more likely to be in the forest than xxt
zmuffjxnxzi is a bird, mgmfx is a chicken, so mgmfx is not more likely to be in the forest than zmuffjxnxzi
aommtp is a bird, xjt is a chicken, so xjt is not more likely to be in the forest than aommtp
wqblv is a horse, awrdldw is a alligator, so wqblv is more likely to be in a farmyard than awrdldw
useuyo is a horse, wxqonmkv is a alligator, so useuyo is more likely to be in a farmyard than wxqonmkv
kpdqinku is a horse, vlxhisazbvm is a alligator, so kpdqinku is more likely to be in a farmyard than vlxhisazbvm
hiwnxzecgnkq is a horse, pgsbgr is a alligator, so hiwnxzecgnkq is more likely to be in a farmyard than pgsbgr
ynyy is a horse, dsplfbruy is a alligator, so ynyy is more likely to be in a farmyard than dsplfbruy
wqblv is a horse, awrdldw is a alligator, so awrdldw is less likely to be in a farmyard than wqblv
useuyo is a horse, wxqonmkv is a alligator, so wxqonmkv is less likely to be in a farmyard than useuyo
kpdqinku is a horse, vlxhisazbvm is a alligator, so vlxhisazbvm is less likely to be in a farmyard than kpdqinku
hiwnxzecgnkq is a horse, pgsbgr is a alligator, so pgsbgr is less likely to be in a farmyard than hiwnxzecgnkq
ynyy is a horse, dsplfbruy is a alligator, so dsplfbruy is less likely to be in a farmyard than ynyy
olatzj is a horse, sfooawoccgsn is a alligator, so olatzj is not less likely to be in a farmyard than sfooawoccgsn
nmdjjeok is a horse, ipcwc is a alligator, so nmdjjeok is not less likely to be in a farmyard than ipcwc
vwndmuth is a horse, ixp is a alligator, so vwndmuth is not less likely to be in a farmyard than ixp
jblcgr is a horse, nrh is a alligator, so jblcgr is not less likely to be in a farmyard than nrh
xgf is a horse, pnsko is a alligator, so xgf is not less likely to be in a farmyard than pnsko
sfooawoccgsn is a horse, olatzj is a alligator, so olatzj is not more likely to be in a farmyard than sfooawoccgsn
ipcwc is a horse, nmdjjeok is a alligator, so nmdjjeok is not more likely to be in a farmyard than ipcwc
ixp is a horse, vwndmuth is a alligator, so vwndmuth is not more likely to be in a farmyard than ixp
nrh is a horse, jblcgr is a alligator, so jblcgr is not more likely to be in a farmyard than nrh
pnsko is a horse, xgf is a alligator, so xgf is not more likely to be in a farmyard than pnsko
vmw is a bear, imulkizs is a spider, so vmw is more likely to fish for salmon than imulkizs
ehbxmhmwch is a bear, ypjvftfrvt is a spider, so ehbxmhmwch is more likely to fish for salmon than ypjvftfrvt
vlytzsazvou is a bear, lhxvrgmtpxr is a spider, so vlytzsazvou is more likely to fish for salmon than lhxvrgmtpxr
kkflcvi is a bear, raufqtnpgnd is a spider, so kkflcvi is more likely to fish for salmon than raufqtnpgnd
hrpgv is a bear, bmst is a spider, so hrpgv is more likely to fish for salmon than bmst
vmw is a bear, imulkizs is a spider, so imulkizs is less likely to fish for salmon than vmw
ehbxmhmwch is a bear, ypjvftfrvt is a spider, so ypjvftfrvt is less likely to fish for salmon than ehbxmhmwch
vlytzsazvou is a bear, lhxvrgmtpxr is a spider, so lhxvrgmtpxr is less likely to fish for salmon than vlytzsazvou
kkflcvi is a bear, raufqtnpgnd is a spider, so raufqtnpgnd is less likely to fish for salmon than kkflcvi
hrpgv is a bear, bmst is a spider, so bmst is less likely to fish for salmon than hrpgv
yrcwt is a bear, nrhi is a spider, so yrcwt is not less likely to fish for salmon than nrhi
wkr is a bear, eez is a spider, so wkr is not less likely to fish for salmon than eez
eeymivexo is a bear, hipbnvex is a spider, so eeymivexo is not less likely to fish for salmon than hipbnvex
oomrgflbo is a bear, ouvginsmrduo is a spider, so oomrgflbo is not less likely to fish for salmon than ouvginsmrduo
bcqck is a bear, zzrpu is a spider, so bcqck is not less likely to fish for salmon than zzrpu
nrhi is a bear, yrcwt is a spider, so yrcwt is not more likely to fish for salmon than nrhi
eez is a bear, wkr is a spider, so wkr is not more likely to fish for salmon than eez
hipbnvex is a bear, eeymivexo is a spider, so eeymivexo is not more likely to fish for salmon than hipbnvex
ouvginsmrduo is a bear, oomrgflbo is a spider, so oomrgflbo is not more likely to fish for salmon than ouvginsmrduo
zzrpu is a bear, bcqck is a spider, so bcqck is not more likely to fish for salmon than zzrpu
mehdwthwduk is a horse, jfmghogekv is a frog, so mehdwthwduk is more likely to be in a parade than jfmghogekv
oburqbdee is a horse, ghwk is a frog, so oburqbdee is more likely to be in a parade than ghwk
cspqg is a horse, uykbnf is a frog, so cspqg is more likely to be in a parade than uykbnf
xtmapve is a horse, dzifykzx is a frog, so xtmapve is more likely to be in a parade than dzifykzx
yep is a horse, sbobh is a frog, so yep is more likely to be in a parade than sbobh
mehdwthwduk is a horse, jfmghogekv is a frog, so jfmghogekv is less likely to be in a parade than mehdwthwduk
oburqbdee is a horse, ghwk is a frog, so ghwk is less likely to be in a parade than oburqbdee
cspqg is a horse, uykbnf is a frog, so uykbnf is less likely to be in a parade than cspqg
xtmapve is a horse, dzifykzx is a frog, so dzifykzx is less likely to be in a parade than xtmapve
yep is a horse, sbobh is a frog, so sbobh is less likely to be in a parade than yep
fbgbbx is a horse, skgrgrggp is a frog, so fbgbbx is not less likely to be in a parade than skgrgrggp
dohpy is a horse, fstsnt is a frog, so dohpy is not less likely to be in a parade than fstsnt
xslzlvi is a horse, biotszklkta is a frog, so xslzlvi is not less likely to be in a parade than biotszklkta
kheqcpuvrx is a horse, dezkdijmvg is a frog, so kheqcpuvrx is not less likely to be in a parade than dezkdijmvg
vmmbqq is a horse, yazcillrse is a frog, so vmmbqq is not less likely to be in a parade than yazcillrse
skgrgrggp is a horse, fbgbbx is a frog, so fbgbbx is not more likely to be in a parade than skgrgrggp
fstsnt is a horse, dohpy is a frog, so dohpy is not more likely to be in a parade than fstsnt
biotszklkta is a horse, xslzlvi is a frog, so xslzlvi is not more likely to be in a parade than biotszklkta
dezkdijmvg is a horse, kheqcpuvrx is a frog, so kheqcpuvrx is not more likely to be in a parade than dezkdijmvg
yazcillrse is a horse, vmmbqq is a frog, so vmmbqq is not more likely to be in a parade than yazcillrse
alxthdpw is a sheep, hnitbmmdrz is a fox, so alxthdpw is more likely to graze than hnitbmmdrz
dyttiohpts is a sheep, nhho is a fox, so dyttiohpts is more likely to graze than nhho
rkbhkc is a sheep, mzvj is a fox, so rkbhkc is more likely to graze than mzvj
ucyfdek is a sheep, sjbscwh is a fox, so ucyfdek is more likely to graze than sjbscwh
vtegvjhodgdg is a sheep, nrmmcyb is a fox, so vtegvjhodgdg is more likely to graze than nrmmcyb
alxthdpw is a sheep, hnitbmmdrz is a fox, so hnitbmmdrz is less likely to graze than alxthdpw
dyttiohpts is a sheep, nhho is a fox, so nhho is less likely to graze than dyttiohpts
rkbhkc is a sheep, mzvj is a fox, so mzvj is less likely to graze than rkbhkc
ucyfdek is a sheep, sjbscwh is a fox, so sjbscwh is less likely to graze than ucyfdek
vtegvjhodgdg is a sheep, nrmmcyb is a fox, so nrmmcyb is less likely to graze than vtegvjhodgdg
qwxhf is a sheep, olggz is a fox, so qwxhf is not less likely to graze than olggz
gfvexq is a sheep, pzuvfnyfxpu is a fox, so gfvexq is not less likely to graze than pzuvfnyfxpu
qwqjbsjry is a sheep, cjdbfmnrj is a fox, so qwqjbsjry is not less likely to graze than cjdbfmnrj
rxigelra is a sheep, onkez is a fox, so rxigelra is not less likely to graze than onkez
tbcrbfpighpf is a sheep, ggg is a fox, so tbcrbfpighpf is not less likely to graze than ggg
olggz is a sheep, qwxhf is a fox, so qwxhf is not more likely to graze than olggz
pzuvfnyfxpu is a sheep, gfvexq is a fox, so gfvexq is not more likely to graze than pzuvfnyfxpu
cjdbfmnrj is a sheep, qwqjbsjry is a fox, so qwqjbsjry is not more likely to graze than cjdbfmnrj
onkez is a sheep, rxigelra is a fox, so rxigelra is not more likely to graze than onkez
ggg is a sheep, tbcrbfpighpf is a fox, so tbcrbfpighpf is not more likely to graze than ggg
xjosmelkk is a pig, aylg is a bear, so xjosmelkk is more likely to be in a pigsty than aylg
dbenury is a pig, zurcygthl is a bear, so dbenury is more likely to be in a pigsty than zurcygthl
lvxqnupncyso is a pig, wckuawwae is a bear, so lvxqnupncyso is more likely to be in a pigsty than wckuawwae
fyioubomqja is a pig, ammyxttvrgn is a bear, so fyioubomqja is more likely to be in a pigsty than ammyxttvrgn
eodwqzyoeo is a pig, qrlhnd is a bear, so eodwqzyoeo is more likely to be in a pigsty than qrlhnd
xjosmelkk is a pig, aylg is a bear, so aylg is less likely to be in a pigsty than xjosmelkk
dbenury is a pig, zurcygthl is a bear, so zurcygthl is less likely to be in a pigsty than dbenury
lvxqnupncyso is a pig, wckuawwae is a bear, so wckuawwae is less likely to be in a pigsty than lvxqnupncyso
fyioubomqja is a pig, ammyxttvrgn is a bear, so ammyxttvrgn is less likely to be in a pigsty than fyioubomqja
eodwqzyoeo is a pig, qrlhnd is a bear, so qrlhnd is less likely to be in a pigsty than eodwqzyoeo
pusvi is a pig, zjzpetsh is a bear, so pusvi is not less likely to be in a pigsty than zjzpetsh
smvcqpwzl is a pig, vwn is a bear, so smvcqpwzl is not less likely to be in a pigsty than vwn
mocymeukr is a pig, ssgyudqu is a bear, so mocymeukr is not less likely to be in a pigsty than ssgyudqu
axqcotlwk is a pig, vdxgeggwf is a bear, so axqcotlwk is not less likely to be in a pigsty than vdxgeggwf
prse is a pig, jun is a bear, so prse is not less likely to be in a pigsty than jun
zjzpetsh is a pig, pusvi is a bear, so pusvi is not more likely to be in a pigsty than zjzpetsh
vwn is a pig, smvcqpwzl is a bear, so smvcqpwzl is not more likely to be in a pigsty than vwn
ssgyudqu is a pig, mocymeukr is a bear, so mocymeukr is not more likely to be in a pigsty than ssgyudqu
vdxgeggwf is a pig, axqcotlwk is a bear, so axqcotlwk is not more likely to be in a pigsty than vdxgeggwf
jun is a pig, prse is a bear, so prse is not more likely to be in a pigsty than jun
jxpenomlxj is a giraffe, kpofqn is a sheep, so jxpenomlxj is less likely to be in a drawer than kpofqn
vjshnuqp is a giraffe, ltcquexcfk is a sheep, so vjshnuqp is less likely to be in a drawer than ltcquexcfk
iwkjnrsyxnc is a giraffe, repdtbhqqvic is a sheep, so iwkjnrsyxnc is less likely to be in a drawer than repdtbhqqvic
owjtbiqmse is a giraffe, owcfxs is a sheep, so owjtbiqmse is less likely to be in a drawer than owcfxs
ffqwbabeptg is a giraffe, yczoakeyyifk is a sheep, so ffqwbabeptg is less likely to be in a drawer than yczoakeyyifk
jxpenomlxj is a giraffe, kpofqn is a sheep, so kpofqn is less likely to be in a drawer than jxpenomlxj
vjshnuqp is a giraffe, ltcquexcfk is a sheep, so ltcquexcfk is less likely to be in a drawer than vjshnuqp
iwkjnrsyxnc is a giraffe, repdtbhqqvic is a sheep, so repdtbhqqvic is less likely to be in a drawer than iwkjnrsyxnc
owjtbiqmse is a giraffe, owcfxs is a sheep, so owcfxs is less likely to be in a drawer than owjtbiqmse
ffqwbabeptg is a giraffe, yczoakeyyifk is a sheep, so yczoakeyyifk is less likely to be in a drawer than ffqwbabeptg
eezn is a giraffe, kzfcxivrv is a sheep, so eezn is not more likely to be in a drawer than kzfcxivrv
wejbfmgo is a giraffe, ckrwkvpmh is a sheep, so wejbfmgo is not more likely to be in a drawer than ckrwkvpmh
fugitb is a giraffe, haoncczxmwc is a sheep, so fugitb is not more likely to be in a drawer than haoncczxmwc
sji is a giraffe, ttg is a sheep, so sji is not more likely to be in a drawer than ttg
okuinayp is a giraffe, jlzumjuy is a sheep, so okuinayp is not more likely to be in a drawer than jlzumjuy
kzfcxivrv is a giraffe, eezn is a sheep, so eezn is not more likely to be in a drawer than kzfcxivrv
ckrwkvpmh is a giraffe, wejbfmgo is a sheep, so wejbfmgo is not more likely to be in a drawer than ckrwkvpmh
haoncczxmwc is a giraffe, fugitb is a sheep, so fugitb is not more likely to be in a drawer than haoncczxmwc
ttg is a giraffe, sji is a sheep, so sji is not more likely to be in a drawer than ttg
jlzumjuy is a giraffe, okuinayp is a sheep, so okuinayp is not more likely to be in a drawer than jlzumjuy
cpud is a bear, tquw is a horse, so cpud is more likely to fish with his bare paws than tquw
emgibjwsuub is a bear, xszdfwdhgkh is a horse, so emgibjwsuub is more likely to fish with his bare paws than xszdfwdhgkh
fcxlvvymb is a bear, eyfpxvg is a horse, so fcxlvvymb is more likely to fish with his bare paws than eyfpxvg
pjfsfpgijmpd is a bear, utgwfiq is a horse, so pjfsfpgijmpd is more likely to fish with his bare paws than utgwfiq
afxuwef is a bear, mfrrrgx is a horse, so afxuwef is more likely to fish with his bare paws than mfrrrgx
cpud is a bear, tquw is a horse, so tquw is less likely to fish with his bare paws than cpud
emgibjwsuub is a bear, xszdfwdhgkh is a horse, so xszdfwdhgkh is less likely to fish with his bare paws than emgibjwsuub
fcxlvvymb is a bear, eyfpxvg is a horse, so eyfpxvg is less likely to fish with his bare paws than fcxlvvymb
pjfsfpgijmpd is a bear, utgwfiq is a horse, so utgwfiq is less likely to fish with his bare paws than pjfsfpgijmpd
afxuwef is a bear, mfrrrgx is a horse, so mfrrrgx is less likely to fish with his bare paws than afxuwef
utzmgtmy is a bear, xqnrq is a horse, so utzmgtmy is not less likely to fish with his bare paws than xqnrq
kpqxiviuyy is a bear, ntfq is a horse, so kpqxiviuyy is not less likely to fish with his bare paws than ntfq
slaidhnruy is a bear, ngiamfcep is a horse, so slaidhnruy is not less likely to fish with his bare paws than ngiamfcep
adeji is a bear, tjomlwtao is a horse, so adeji is not less likely to fish with his bare paws than tjomlwtao
pfdondesg is a bear, tvbajbvzluz is a horse, so pfdondesg is not less likely to fish with his bare paws than tvbajbvzluz
xqnrq is a bear, utzmgtmy is a horse, so utzmgtmy is not more likely to fish with his bare paws than xqnrq
ntfq is a bear, kpqxiviuyy is a horse, so kpqxiviuyy is not more likely to fish with his bare paws than ntfq
ngiamfcep is a bear, slaidhnruy is a horse, so slaidhnruy is not more likely to fish with his bare paws than ngiamfcep
tjomlwtao is a bear, adeji is a horse, so adeji is not more likely to fish with his bare paws than tjomlwtao
tvbajbvzluz is a bear, pfdondesg is a horse, so pfdondesg is not more likely to fish with his bare paws than tvbajbvzluz
tnoto is a dog, auumq is a fox, so tnoto is more likely to guide a blind person than auumq
hxqoy is a dog, oexks is a fox, so hxqoy is more likely to guide a blind person than oexks
vxnavgvlkv is a dog, syod is a fox, so vxnavgvlkv is more likely to guide a blind person than syod
lfkglyqub is a dog, bxazob is a fox, so lfkglyqub is more likely to guide a blind person than bxazob
rvlrh is a dog, tlixoshr is a fox, so rvlrh is more likely to guide a blind person than tlixoshr
tnoto is a dog, auumq is a fox, so auumq is less likely to guide a blind person than tnoto
hxqoy is a dog, oexks is a fox, so oexks is less likely to guide a blind person than hxqoy
vxnavgvlkv is a dog, syod is a fox, so syod is less likely to guide a blind person than vxnavgvlkv
lfkglyqub is a dog, bxazob is a fox, so bxazob is less likely to guide a blind person than lfkglyqub
rvlrh is a dog, tlixoshr is a fox, so tlixoshr is less likely to guide a blind person than rvlrh
phtzkwi is a dog, lchnjlpdjmtf is a fox, so phtzkwi is not less likely to guide a blind person than lchnjlpdjmtf
nui is a dog, txykojmclaq is a fox, so nui is not less likely to guide a blind person than txykojmclaq
jyjp is a dog, mnzuntwdnsku is a fox, so jyjp is not less likely to guide a blind person than mnzuntwdnsku
nufpnak is a dog, mckslcr is a fox, so nufpnak is not less likely to guide a blind person than mckslcr
ntqg is a dog, zhbtfmf is a fox, so ntqg is not less likely to guide a blind person than zhbtfmf
lchnjlpdjmtf is a dog, phtzkwi is a fox, so phtzkwi is not more likely to guide a blind person than lchnjlpdjmtf
txykojmclaq is a dog, nui is a fox, so nui is not more likely to guide a blind person than txykojmclaq
mnzuntwdnsku is a dog, jyjp is a fox, so jyjp is not more likely to guide a blind person than mnzuntwdnsku
mckslcr is a dog, nufpnak is a fox, so nufpnak is not more likely to guide a blind person than mckslcr
zhbtfmf is a dog, ntqg is a fox, so ntqg is not more likely to guide a blind person than zhbtfmf
qtvgqwzyrfe is a tiger, fyibadqm is a seal, so qtvgqwzyrfe is more likely to be in the zoo than fyibadqm
fwyturfshdx is a tiger, viqsuglrylx is a seal, so fwyturfshdx is more likely to be in the zoo than viqsuglrylx
gbj is a tiger, irjnedx is a seal, so gbj is more likely to be in the zoo than irjnedx
yecshbj is a tiger, mieuvqlx is a seal, so yecshbj is more likely to be in the zoo than mieuvqlx
gvnfwyspf is a tiger, creeblxmck is a seal, so gvnfwyspf is more likely to be in the zoo than creeblxmck
qtvgqwzyrfe is a tiger, fyibadqm is a seal, so fyibadqm is less likely to be in the zoo than qtvgqwzyrfe
fwyturfshdx is a tiger, viqsuglrylx is a seal, so viqsuglrylx is less likely to be in the zoo than fwyturfshdx
gbj is a tiger, irjnedx is a seal, so irjnedx is less likely to be in the zoo than gbj
yecshbj is a tiger, mieuvqlx is a seal, so mieuvqlx is less likely to be in the zoo than yecshbj
gvnfwyspf is a tiger, creeblxmck is a seal, so creeblxmck is less likely to be in the zoo than gvnfwyspf
vktaekujzut is a tiger, sltvrzraylsw is a seal, so vktaekujzut is not less likely to be in the zoo than sltvrzraylsw
tevdnwv is a tiger, hpo is a seal, so tevdnwv is not less likely to be in the zoo than hpo
ldkvvhbkvbu is a tiger, ivgzg is a seal, so ldkvvhbkvbu is not less likely to be in the zoo than ivgzg
vjvcig is a tiger, jatdzrcrgg is a seal, so vjvcig is not less likely to be in the zoo than jatdzrcrgg
hwjbojqfaevv is a tiger, sczho is a seal, so hwjbojqfaevv is not less likely to be in the zoo than sczho
sltvrzraylsw is a tiger, vktaekujzut is a seal, so vktaekujzut is not more likely to be in the zoo than sltvrzraylsw
hpo is a tiger, tevdnwv is a seal, so tevdnwv is not more likely to be in the zoo than hpo
ivgzg is a tiger, ldkvvhbkvbu is a seal, so ldkvvhbkvbu is not more likely to be in the zoo than ivgzg
jatdzrcrgg is a tiger, vjvcig is a seal, so vjvcig is not more likely to be in the zoo than jatdzrcrgg
sczho is a tiger, hwjbojqfaevv is a seal, so hwjbojqfaevv is not more likely to be in the zoo than sczho
ivqlkp is a lion, cdlbbved is a rat, so ivqlkp is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than cdlbbved
zgcnpydtnyzd is a lion, npfcd is a rat, so zgcnpydtnyzd is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than npfcd
uwjgjtmdo is a lion, jjsudzhhhps is a rat, so uwjgjtmdo is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than jjsudzhhhps
zpauhbijil is a lion, ssi is a rat, so zpauhbijil is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than ssi
bupurjamdxuz is a lion, sgnzjnpvoeei is a rat, so bupurjamdxuz is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than sgnzjnpvoeei
ivqlkp is a lion, cdlbbved is a rat, so cdlbbved is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than ivqlkp
zgcnpydtnyzd is a lion, npfcd is a rat, so npfcd is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than zgcnpydtnyzd
uwjgjtmdo is a lion, jjsudzhhhps is a rat, so jjsudzhhhps is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than uwjgjtmdo
zpauhbijil is a lion, ssi is a rat, so ssi is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than zpauhbijil
bupurjamdxuz is a lion, sgnzjnpvoeei is a rat, so sgnzjnpvoeei is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than bupurjamdxuz
uktucxmbemm is a lion, umdllfqfnqxh is a rat, so uktucxmbemm is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than umdllfqfnqxh
fjj is a lion, usbavzy is a rat, so fjj is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than usbavzy
bczhhlxu is a lion, ksoipsmrpsd is a rat, so bczhhlxu is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than ksoipsmrpsd
uovrhsj is a lion, wpg is a rat, so uovrhsj is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than wpg
amv is a lion, kyurozvdt is a rat, so amv is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than kyurozvdt
umdllfqfnqxh is a lion, uktucxmbemm is a rat, so uktucxmbemm is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than umdllfqfnqxh
usbavzy is a lion, fjj is a rat, so fjj is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than usbavzy
ksoipsmrpsd is a lion, bczhhlxu is a rat, so bczhhlxu is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than ksoipsmrpsd
wpg is a lion, uovrhsj is a rat, so uovrhsj is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than wpg
kyurozvdt is a lion, amv is a rat, so amv is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than kyurozvdt
jsnzpbdqavu is a horse, nfxlzq is a hippopotamus, so jsnzpbdqavu is more likely to step high than nfxlzq
wpe is a horse, gjhydby is a hippopotamus, so wpe is more likely to step high than gjhydby
cwyt is a horse, qvysgqyun is a hippopotamus, so cwyt is more likely to step high than qvysgqyun
lufxvokim is a horse, tagync is a hippopotamus, so lufxvokim is more likely to step high than tagync
hhvrrpzlnyje is a horse, xvbsoc is a hippopotamus, so hhvrrpzlnyje is more likely to step high than xvbsoc
jsnzpbdqavu is a horse, nfxlzq is a hippopotamus, so nfxlzq is less likely to step high than jsnzpbdqavu
wpe is a horse, gjhydby is a hippopotamus, so gjhydby is less likely to step high than wpe
cwyt is a horse, qvysgqyun is a hippopotamus, so qvysgqyun is less likely to step high than cwyt
lufxvokim is a horse, tagync is a hippopotamus, so tagync is less likely to step high than lufxvokim
hhvrrpzlnyje is a horse, xvbsoc is a hippopotamus, so xvbsoc is less likely to step high than hhvrrpzlnyje
ehcrwuxw is a horse, ppkpgugnub is a hippopotamus, so ehcrwuxw is not less step high than ppkpgugnub
flehhtiosu is a horse, yxahpyhh is a hippopotamus, so flehhtiosu is not less step high than yxahpyhh
vsbflftyom is a horse, ifavbcckjla is a hippopotamus, so vsbflftyom is not less step high than ifavbcckjla
wmceryaomjy is a horse, gyverhbyf is a hippopotamus, so wmceryaomjy is not less step high than gyverhbyf
fanfoqfnq is a horse, hrvpx is a hippopotamus, so fanfoqfnq is not less step high than hrvpx
ppkpgugnub is a horse, ehcrwuxw is a hippopotamus, so ehcrwuxw is not more step high than ppkpgugnub
yxahpyhh is a horse, flehhtiosu is a hippopotamus, so flehhtiosu is not more step high than yxahpyhh
ifavbcckjla is a horse, vsbflftyom is a hippopotamus, so vsbflftyom is not more step high than ifavbcckjla
gyverhbyf is a horse, wmceryaomjy is a hippopotamus, so wmceryaomjy is not more step high than gyverhbyf
hrvpx is a horse, fanfoqfnq is a hippopotamus, so fanfoqfnq is not more step high than hrvpx
asnwntontxaw is a bird, bpfhuqn is a bear, so asnwntontxaw is more likely to chirp than bpfhuqn
zkzb is a bird, jlygfhygju is a bear, so zkzb is more likely to chirp than jlygfhygju
azl is a bird, abl is a bear, so azl is more likely to chirp than abl
vwjmir is a bird, kyayne is a bear, so vwjmir is more likely to chirp than kyayne
yjydlprcxyq is a bird, nqyyhhbzq is a bear, so yjydlprcxyq is more likely to chirp than nqyyhhbzq
asnwntontxaw is a bird, bpfhuqn is a bear, so bpfhuqn is less likely to chirp than asnwntontxaw
zkzb is a bird, jlygfhygju is a bear, so jlygfhygju is less likely to chirp than zkzb
azl is a bird, abl is a bear, so abl is less likely to chirp than azl
vwjmir is a bird, kyayne is a bear, so kyayne is less likely to chirp than vwjmir
yjydlprcxyq is a bird, nqyyhhbzq is a bear, so nqyyhhbzq is less likely to chirp than yjydlprcxyq
oyxn is a bird, weczca is a bear, so oyxn is not less likely to chirp than weczca
kdvuwki is a bird, irngcalh is a bear, so kdvuwki is not less likely to chirp than irngcalh
jjzkvxlkuw is a bird, uazj is a bear, so jjzkvxlkuw is not less likely to chirp than uazj
kxkiunhy is a bird, xeyglnbkwwl is a bear, so kxkiunhy is not less likely to chirp than xeyglnbkwwl
wotwmaozx is a bird, iivzqijhsas is a bear, so wotwmaozx is not less likely to chirp than iivzqijhsas
weczca is a bird, oyxn is a bear, so oyxn is not less likely to chirp than weczca
irngcalh is a bird, kdvuwki is a bear, so kdvuwki is not less likely to chirp than irngcalh
uazj is a bird, jjzkvxlkuw is a bear, so jjzkvxlkuw is not less likely to chirp than uazj
xeyglnbkwwl is a bird, kxkiunhy is a bear, so kxkiunhy is not less likely to chirp than xeyglnbkwwl
iivzqijhsas is a bird, wotwmaozx is a bear, so wotwmaozx is not less likely to chirp than iivzqijhsas
okvypkbdb is a rat, osjtpxq is a lobster, so okvypkbdb is more likely to be in a maze than osjtpxq
tuj is a rat, pmsqpfidh is a lobster, so tuj is more likely to be in a maze than pmsqpfidh
hlckoigs is a rat, nhlsf is a lobster, so hlckoigs is more likely to be in a maze than nhlsf
yicgnkgh is a rat, xdjpv is a lobster, so yicgnkgh is more likely to be in a maze than xdjpv
urzozfrjld is a rat, sqizexmdb is a lobster, so urzozfrjld is more likely to be in a maze than sqizexmdb
okvypkbdb is a rat, osjtpxq is a lobster, so osjtpxq is less likely to be in a maze than okvypkbdb
tuj is a rat, pmsqpfidh is a lobster, so pmsqpfidh is less likely to be in a maze than tuj
hlckoigs is a rat, nhlsf is a lobster, so nhlsf is less likely to be in a maze than hlckoigs
yicgnkgh is a rat, xdjpv is a lobster, so xdjpv is less likely to be in a maze than yicgnkgh
urzozfrjld is a rat, sqizexmdb is a lobster, so sqizexmdb is less likely to be in a maze than urzozfrjld
xhwtwka is a rat, ulean is a lobster, so xhwtwka is not less likely to be in a maze than ulean
kghven is a rat, amwwbyusj is a lobster, so kghven is not less likely to be in a maze than amwwbyusj
jzxghlnzxo is a rat, foxauokplk is a lobster, so jzxghlnzxo is not less likely to be in a maze than foxauokplk
itnkeoyodd is a rat, vqif is a lobster, so itnkeoyodd is not less likely to be in a maze than vqif
pxlthwat is a rat, blif is a lobster, so pxlthwat is not less likely to be in a maze than blif
ulean is a rat, xhwtwka is a lobster, so xhwtwka is not more likely to be in a maze than ulean
amwwbyusj is a rat, kghven is a lobster, so kghven is not more likely to be in a maze than amwwbyusj
foxauokplk is a rat, jzxghlnzxo is a lobster, so jzxghlnzxo is not more likely to be in a maze than foxauokplk
vqif is a rat, itnkeoyodd is a lobster, so itnkeoyodd is not more likely to be in a maze than vqif
blif is a rat, pxlthwat is a lobster, so pxlthwat is not more likely to be in a maze than blif
zhqp is a fish, tukumz is a hamster, so zhqp is more likely to be pets than tukumz
akbqozpjcdx is a fish, keujwroeogpv is a hamster, so akbqozpjcdx is more likely to be pets than keujwroeogpv
haq is a fish, ykabszxuueqe is a hamster, so haq is more likely to be pets than ykabszxuueqe
sddnjgyghx is a fish, gfgb is a hamster, so sddnjgyghx is more likely to be pets than gfgb
fgtrsvffzu is a fish, fqwiekrkl is a hamster, so fgtrsvffzu is more likely to be pets than fqwiekrkl
zhqp is a fish, tukumz is a hamster, so tukumz is less likely to be pets than zhqp
akbqozpjcdx is a fish, keujwroeogpv is a hamster, so keujwroeogpv is less likely to be pets than akbqozpjcdx
haq is a fish, ykabszxuueqe is a hamster, so ykabszxuueqe is less likely to be pets than haq
sddnjgyghx is a fish, gfgb is a hamster, so gfgb is less likely to be pets than sddnjgyghx
fgtrsvffzu is a fish, fqwiekrkl is a hamster, so fqwiekrkl is less likely to be pets than fgtrsvffzu
thlwbgom is a fish, nqmsawfbddd is a hamster, so thlwbgom is not less pets than nqmsawfbddd
vhkbvs is a fish, nylfvj is a hamster, so vhkbvs is not less pets than nylfvj
mijur is a fish, vwbowktqlhhz is a hamster, so mijur is not less pets than vwbowktqlhhz
zqcb is a fish, mlh is a hamster, so zqcb is not less pets than mlh
hymcdehs is a fish, gohtditoxcyj is a hamster, so hymcdehs is not less pets than gohtditoxcyj
nqmsawfbddd is a fish, thlwbgom is a hamster, so thlwbgom is not more likely to be pets than nqmsawfbddd
nylfvj is a fish, vhkbvs is a hamster, so vhkbvs is not more likely to be pets than nylfvj
vwbowktqlhhz is a fish, mijur is a hamster, so mijur is not more likely to be pets than vwbowktqlhhz
mlh is a fish, zqcb is a hamster, so zqcb is not more likely to be pets than mlh
gohtditoxcyj is a fish, hymcdehs is a hamster, so hymcdehs is not more likely to be pets than gohtditoxcyj
wjdafupxw is a monkey, vbt is a frog, so wjdafupxw is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than vbt
ebtiuptsb is a monkey, yqizezlz is a frog, so ebtiuptsb is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than yqizezlz
yomoceig is a monkey, xdpzedysr is a frog, so yomoceig is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than xdpzedysr
fhqh is a monkey, cwfktmxat is a frog, so fhqh is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than cwfktmxat
dbfyxscj is a monkey, bqwots is a frog, so dbfyxscj is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than bqwots
wjdafupxw is a monkey, vbt is a frog, so vbt is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than wjdafupxw
ebtiuptsb is a monkey, yqizezlz is a frog, so yqizezlz is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ebtiuptsb
yomoceig is a monkey, xdpzedysr is a frog, so xdpzedysr is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than yomoceig
fhqh is a monkey, cwfktmxat is a frog, so cwfktmxat is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than fhqh
dbfyxscj is a monkey, bqwots is a frog, so bqwots is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than dbfyxscj
twihtmf is a monkey, gykebulribv is a frog, so twihtmf is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than gykebulribv
tzwmgpr is a monkey, chjifuusbhc is a frog, so tzwmgpr is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than chjifuusbhc
lcuk is a monkey, xalifcffe is a frog, so lcuk is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than xalifcffe
erwrsnluwdal is a monkey, nxtpbrilvurr is a frog, so erwrsnluwdal is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than nxtpbrilvurr
ycfnjnzyd is a monkey, inxo is a frog, so ycfnjnzyd is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than inxo
gykebulribv is a monkey, twihtmf is a frog, so twihtmf is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than gykebulribv
chjifuusbhc is a monkey, tzwmgpr is a frog, so tzwmgpr is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than chjifuusbhc
xalifcffe is a monkey, lcuk is a frog, so lcuk is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than xalifcffe
nxtpbrilvurr is a monkey, erwrsnluwdal is a frog, so erwrsnluwdal is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than nxtpbrilvurr
inxo is a monkey, ycfnjnzyd is a frog, so ycfnjnzyd is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than inxo
oxbqrraisgzc is a dog, qycuwktaufl is a turtle, so oxbqrraisgzc is less likely to guard property than qycuwktaufl
fjiogjovcsof is a dog, xku is a turtle, so fjiogjovcsof is less likely to guard property than xku
zcjnfyes is a dog, sgvjskcxjdxr is a turtle, so zcjnfyes is less likely to guard property than sgvjskcxjdxr
cehbcbizkd is a dog, apslegsdah is a turtle, so cehbcbizkd is less likely to guard property than apslegsdah
opndoblnrrp is a dog, ewlk is a turtle, so opndoblnrrp is less likely to guard property than ewlk
oxbqrraisgzc is a dog, qycuwktaufl is a turtle, so qycuwktaufl is less likely to guard property than oxbqrraisgzc
fjiogjovcsof is a dog, xku is a turtle, so xku is less likely to guard property than fjiogjovcsof
zcjnfyes is a dog, sgvjskcxjdxr is a turtle, so sgvjskcxjdxr is less likely to guard property than zcjnfyes
cehbcbizkd is a dog, apslegsdah is a turtle, so apslegsdah is less likely to guard property than cehbcbizkd
opndoblnrrp is a dog, ewlk is a turtle, so ewlk is less likely to guard property than opndoblnrrp
kat is a dog, rba is a turtle, so kat is not less likely to guard property than rba
fbzr is a dog, yrndjs is a turtle, so fbzr is not less likely to guard property than yrndjs
vpdiozj is a dog, lrmqeda is a turtle, so vpdiozj is not less likely to guard property than lrmqeda
cegwq is a dog, qgtpezyuojym is a turtle, so cegwq is not less likely to guard property than qgtpezyuojym
mnvyunsede is a dog, gwsqvpsqu is a turtle, so mnvyunsede is not less likely to guard property than gwsqvpsqu
rba is a dog, kat is a turtle, so kat is not more likely to guard property than rba
yrndjs is a dog, fbzr is a turtle, so fbzr is not more likely to guard property than yrndjs
lrmqeda is a dog, vpdiozj is a turtle, so vpdiozj is not more likely to guard property than lrmqeda
qgtpezyuojym is a dog, cegwq is a turtle, so cegwq is not more likely to guard property than qgtpezyuojym
gwsqvpsqu is a dog, mnvyunsede is a turtle, so mnvyunsede is not more likely to guard property than gwsqvpsqu
nhneytb is a bear, pwk is a rat, so nhneytb is more likely to fish for salmon than pwk
gortfpmj is a bear, pvbk is a rat, so gortfpmj is more likely to fish for salmon than pvbk
mhxodc is a bear, tipmxbax is a rat, so mhxodc is more likely to fish for salmon than tipmxbax
ytrtynkki is a bear, avyhgobmvfx is a rat, so ytrtynkki is more likely to fish for salmon than avyhgobmvfx
rvrbbllt is a bear, avigbd is a rat, so rvrbbllt is more likely to fish for salmon than avigbd
nhneytb is a bear, pwk is a rat, so pwk is less likely to fish for salmon than nhneytb
gortfpmj is a bear, pvbk is a rat, so pvbk is less likely to fish for salmon than gortfpmj
mhxodc is a bear, tipmxbax is a rat, so tipmxbax is less likely to fish for salmon than mhxodc
ytrtynkki is a bear, avyhgobmvfx is a rat, so avyhgobmvfx is less likely to fish for salmon than ytrtynkki
rvrbbllt is a bear, avigbd is a rat, so avigbd is less likely to fish for salmon than rvrbbllt
zmjzzpwkee is a bear, okkm is a rat, so zmjzzpwkee is not less likely to fish for salmon than okkm
wmswsokgnqy is a bear, xrjq is a rat, so wmswsokgnqy is not less likely to fish for salmon than xrjq
cdpotivavpkq is a bear, zxqq is a rat, so cdpotivavpkq is not less likely to fish for salmon than zxqq
czqsaqcjqv is a bear, bpwxuaaqnrq is a rat, so czqsaqcjqv is not less likely to fish for salmon than bpwxuaaqnrq
vpnpnska is a bear, ezkdsn is a rat, so vpnpnska is not less likely to fish for salmon than ezkdsn
okkm is a bear, zmjzzpwkee is a rat, so zmjzzpwkee is not more likely to fish for salmon than okkm
xrjq is a bear, wmswsokgnqy is a rat, so wmswsokgnqy is not more likely to fish for salmon than xrjq
zxqq is a bear, cdpotivavpkq is a rat, so cdpotivavpkq is not more likely to fish for salmon than zxqq
bpwxuaaqnrq is a bear, czqsaqcjqv is a rat, so czqsaqcjqv is not more likely to fish for salmon than bpwxuaaqnrq
ezkdsn is a bear, vpnpnska is a rat, so vpnpnska is not more likely to fish for salmon than ezkdsn
dxlplyeihkug is a snake, ssr is a chimpanzee, so dxlplyeihkug is more likely to be in a garden than ssr
bdkwbmpse is a snake, xxumxyvsw is a chimpanzee, so bdkwbmpse is more likely to be in a garden than xxumxyvsw
gipdkjazaym is a snake, baeehiubu is a chimpanzee, so gipdkjazaym is more likely to be in a garden than baeehiubu
ryjpfgy is a snake, zdgwpgvtlft is a chimpanzee, so ryjpfgy is more likely to be in a garden than zdgwpgvtlft
ottpj is a snake, hlgdlh is a chimpanzee, so ottpj is more likely to be in a garden than hlgdlh
dxlplyeihkug is a snake, ssr is a chimpanzee, so ssr is less likely to be in a garden than dxlplyeihkug
bdkwbmpse is a snake, xxumxyvsw is a chimpanzee, so xxumxyvsw is less likely to be in a garden than bdkwbmpse
gipdkjazaym is a snake, baeehiubu is a chimpanzee, so baeehiubu is less likely to be in a garden than gipdkjazaym
ryjpfgy is a snake, zdgwpgvtlft is a chimpanzee, so zdgwpgvtlft is less likely to be in a garden than ryjpfgy
ottpj is a snake, hlgdlh is a chimpanzee, so hlgdlh is less likely to be in a garden than ottpj
gdsgmkxzfwcb is a snake, leigwdksxigw is a chimpanzee, so gdsgmkxzfwcb is not less likely to be in a garden than leigwdksxigw
fvo is a snake, osydcd is a chimpanzee, so fvo is not less likely to be in a garden than osydcd
nehpkqutb is a snake, muxqjhfwvyh is a chimpanzee, so nehpkqutb is not less likely to be in a garden than muxqjhfwvyh
aemcz is a snake, zbwwiky is a chimpanzee, so aemcz is not less likely to be in a garden than zbwwiky
apsbuuceidek is a snake, kmza is a chimpanzee, so apsbuuceidek is not less likely to be in a garden than kmza
leigwdksxigw is a snake, gdsgmkxzfwcb is a chimpanzee, so gdsgmkxzfwcb is not more likely to be in a garden than leigwdksxigw
osydcd is a snake, fvo is a chimpanzee, so fvo is not more likely to be in a garden than osydcd
muxqjhfwvyh is a snake, nehpkqutb is a chimpanzee, so nehpkqutb is not more likely to be in a garden than muxqjhfwvyh
zbwwiky is a snake, aemcz is a chimpanzee, so aemcz is not more likely to be in a garden than zbwwiky
kmza is a snake, apsbuuceidek is a chimpanzee, so apsbuuceidek is not more likely to be in a garden than kmza
kecjyfanp is a kangaroo, ibgoptleg is a bear, so kecjyfanp is less likely to jump up and down than ibgoptleg
yejxom is a kangaroo, oanjsxsjc is a bear, so yejxom is less likely to jump up and down than oanjsxsjc
fckosnphfl is a kangaroo, vapr is a bear, so fckosnphfl is less likely to jump up and down than vapr
jrmpj is a kangaroo, zpryjr is a bear, so jrmpj is less likely to jump up and down than zpryjr
rtlqsxgl is a kangaroo, bqpemnqgs is a bear, so rtlqsxgl is less likely to jump up and down than bqpemnqgs
kecjyfanp is a kangaroo, ibgoptleg is a bear, so ibgoptleg is less likely to jump up and down than kecjyfanp
yejxom is a kangaroo, oanjsxsjc is a bear, so oanjsxsjc is less likely to jump up and down than yejxom
fckosnphfl is a kangaroo, vapr is a bear, so vapr is less likely to jump up and down than fckosnphfl
jrmpj is a kangaroo, zpryjr is a bear, so zpryjr is less likely to jump up and down than jrmpj
rtlqsxgl is a kangaroo, bqpemnqgs is a bear, so bqpemnqgs is less likely to jump up and down than rtlqsxgl
zkcztsdasbt is a kangaroo, tszznsq is a bear, so zkcztsdasbt is not less likely to jump up and down than tszznsq
mppruvbosr is a kangaroo, yuksixxiognn is a bear, so mppruvbosr is not less likely to jump up and down than yuksixxiognn
myowj is a kangaroo, vari is a bear, so myowj is not less likely to jump up and down than vari
hgvqe is a kangaroo, skwell is a bear, so hgvqe is not less likely to jump up and down than skwell
ehtzjlo is a kangaroo, naen is a bear, so ehtzjlo is not less likely to jump up and down than naen
tszznsq is a kangaroo, zkcztsdasbt is a bear, so zkcztsdasbt is not more likely to jump up and down than tszznsq
yuksixxiognn is a kangaroo, mppruvbosr is a bear, so mppruvbosr is not more likely to jump up and down than yuksixxiognn
vari is a kangaroo, myowj is a bear, so myowj is not more likely to jump up and down than vari
skwell is a kangaroo, hgvqe is a bear, so hgvqe is not more likely to jump up and down than skwell
naen is a kangaroo, ehtzjlo is a bear, so ehtzjlo is not more likely to jump up and down than naen
inoeycn is a cow, fsdjscctgn is a pig, so inoeycn is more low at milking time than fsdjscctgn
iwyzwce is a cow, wdopi is a pig, so iwyzwce is more low at milking time than wdopi
ajafnedcth is a cow, cxm is a pig, so ajafnedcth is more low at milking time than cxm
oyemsasbi is a cow, pmbglplbgl is a pig, so oyemsasbi is more low at milking time than pmbglplbgl
ymvc is a cow, iat is a pig, so ymvc is more low at milking time than iat
inoeycn is a cow, fsdjscctgn is a pig, so fsdjscctgn is less low at milking time than inoeycn
iwyzwce is a cow, wdopi is a pig, so wdopi is less low at milking time than iwyzwce
ajafnedcth is a cow, cxm is a pig, so cxm is less low at milking time than ajafnedcth
oyemsasbi is a cow, pmbglplbgl is a pig, so pmbglplbgl is less low at milking time than oyemsasbi
ymvc is a cow, iat is a pig, so iat is less low at milking time than ymvc
ubwdjltb is a cow, xoiuanfit is a pig, so ubwdjltb is not less low at milking time than xoiuanfit
exo is a cow, jbyxejm is a pig, so exo is not less low at milking time than jbyxejm
fhzzfqtnbuy is a cow, ctgwyjdeo is a pig, so fhzzfqtnbuy is not less low at milking time than ctgwyjdeo
tlwceu is a cow, lej is a pig, so tlwceu is not less low at milking time than lej
fgaqip is a cow, sunuszdp is a pig, so fgaqip is not less low at milking time than sunuszdp
xoiuanfit is a cow, ubwdjltb is a pig, so ubwdjltb is not more low at milking time than xoiuanfit
jbyxejm is a cow, exo is a pig, so exo is not more low at milking time than jbyxejm
ctgwyjdeo is a cow, fhzzfqtnbuy is a pig, so fhzzfqtnbuy is not more low at milking time than ctgwyjdeo
lej is a cow, tlwceu is a pig, so tlwceu is not more low at milking time than lej
sunuszdp is a cow, fgaqip is a pig, so fgaqip is not more low at milking time than sunuszdp
imfvliumedpy is a monkey, dmvfbhwb is a giraffe, so imfvliumedpy is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than dmvfbhwb
nnyyjzbh is a monkey, bvdfhsqqmue is a giraffe, so nnyyjzbh is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than bvdfhsqqmue
qli is a monkey, vnky is a giraffe, so qli is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than vnky
zqdpsvvlzk is a monkey, yxdjyfl is a giraffe, so zqdpsvvlzk is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than yxdjyfl
cmyjjfugs is a monkey, alxq is a giraffe, so cmyjjfugs is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than alxq
imfvliumedpy is a monkey, dmvfbhwb is a giraffe, so dmvfbhwb is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than imfvliumedpy
nnyyjzbh is a monkey, bvdfhsqqmue is a giraffe, so bvdfhsqqmue is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than nnyyjzbh
qli is a monkey, vnky is a giraffe, so vnky is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than qli
zqdpsvvlzk is a monkey, yxdjyfl is a giraffe, so yxdjyfl is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than zqdpsvvlzk
cmyjjfugs is a monkey, alxq is a giraffe, so alxq is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than cmyjjfugs
gsnlrhmxpzfc is a monkey, njautqf is a giraffe, so gsnlrhmxpzfc is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than njautqf
sjju is a monkey, elkslmjxap is a giraffe, so sjju is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than elkslmjxap
lwhya is a monkey, ceejaukuoqpr is a giraffe, so lwhya is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ceejaukuoqpr
gabrsadlah is a monkey, uqvyeu is a giraffe, so gabrsadlah is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than uqvyeu
vvgnbfzvpjj is a monkey, adxwdi is a giraffe, so vvgnbfzvpjj is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than adxwdi
njautqf is a monkey, gsnlrhmxpzfc is a giraffe, so gsnlrhmxpzfc is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than njautqf
elkslmjxap is a monkey, sjju is a giraffe, so sjju is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than elkslmjxap
ceejaukuoqpr is a monkey, lwhya is a giraffe, so lwhya is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ceejaukuoqpr
uqvyeu is a monkey, gabrsadlah is a giraffe, so gabrsadlah is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than uqvyeu
adxwdi is a monkey, vvgnbfzvpjj is a giraffe, so vvgnbfzvpjj is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than adxwdi
opaxxnnu is a elephant, qmijy is a cow, so opaxxnnu is more likely to lift the tree than qmijy
ygxnxwkjr is a elephant, igqxlfspwkz is a cow, so ygxnxwkjr is more likely to lift the tree than igqxlfspwkz
tezcppbluth is a elephant, zmffew is a cow, so tezcppbluth is more likely to lift the tree than zmffew
jahxjkbziv is a elephant, fdqjkqnkbsl is a cow, so jahxjkbziv is more likely to lift the tree than fdqjkqnkbsl
zjy is a elephant, mjuireap is a cow, so zjy is more likely to lift the tree than mjuireap
opaxxnnu is a elephant, qmijy is a cow, so qmijy is less likely to lift the tree than opaxxnnu
ygxnxwkjr is a elephant, igqxlfspwkz is a cow, so igqxlfspwkz is less likely to lift the tree than ygxnxwkjr
tezcppbluth is a elephant, zmffew is a cow, so zmffew is less likely to lift the tree than tezcppbluth
jahxjkbziv is a elephant, fdqjkqnkbsl is a cow, so fdqjkqnkbsl is less likely to lift the tree than jahxjkbziv
zjy is a elephant, mjuireap is a cow, so mjuireap is less likely to lift the tree than zjy
uwvddjk is a elephant, mfalpvhdgoks is a cow, so uwvddjk is not less likely to lift the tree than mfalpvhdgoks
lbvzufznop is a elephant, qwechntch is a cow, so lbvzufznop is not less likely to lift the tree than qwechntch
xjgy is a elephant, hlcqonxcea is a cow, so xjgy is not less likely to lift the tree than hlcqonxcea
acxj is a elephant, lxkc is a cow, so acxj is not less likely to lift the tree than lxkc
glqxivzv is a elephant, gtnr is a cow, so glqxivzv is not less likely to lift the tree than gtnr
mfalpvhdgoks is a elephant, uwvddjk is a cow, so uwvddjk is not more likely to lift the tree than mfalpvhdgoks
qwechntch is a elephant, lbvzufznop is a cow, so lbvzufznop is not more likely to lift the tree than qwechntch
hlcqonxcea is a elephant, xjgy is a cow, so xjgy is not more likely to lift the tree than hlcqonxcea
lxkc is a elephant, acxj is a cow, so acxj is not more likely to lift the tree than lxkc
gtnr is a elephant, glqxivzv is a cow, so glqxivzv is not more likely to lift the tree than gtnr
yrrf is a bear, lpdyln is a owl, so yrrf is more likely to be in a meadow than lpdyln
fgpo is a bear, ykypeslfdxb is a owl, so fgpo is more likely to be in a meadow than ykypeslfdxb
tebnpsfqwfae is a bear, raiipygpy is a owl, so tebnpsfqwfae is more likely to be in a meadow than raiipygpy
mgkssfdw is a bear, rztqfld is a owl, so mgkssfdw is more likely to be in a meadow than rztqfld
nqclp is a bear, mfienwcbbs is a owl, so nqclp is more likely to be in a meadow than mfienwcbbs
yrrf is a bear, lpdyln is a owl, so lpdyln is less likely to be in a meadow than yrrf
fgpo is a bear, ykypeslfdxb is a owl, so ykypeslfdxb is less likely to be in a meadow than fgpo
tebnpsfqwfae is a bear, raiipygpy is a owl, so raiipygpy is less likely to be in a meadow than tebnpsfqwfae
mgkssfdw is a bear, rztqfld is a owl, so rztqfld is less likely to be in a meadow than mgkssfdw
nqclp is a bear, mfienwcbbs is a owl, so mfienwcbbs is less likely to be in a meadow than nqclp
waexllab is a bear, mjkqpndwio is a owl, so waexllab is not less likely to be in a meadow than mjkqpndwio
cuobv is a bear, wtytiinudfh is a owl, so cuobv is not less likely to be in a meadow than wtytiinudfh
iolel is a bear, nitcf is a owl, so iolel is not less likely to be in a meadow than nitcf
omuvjwfewkwm is a bear, yockrghelwyp is a owl, so omuvjwfewkwm is not less likely to be in a meadow than yockrghelwyp
akj is a bear, jvnfsaondst is a owl, so akj is not less likely to be in a meadow than jvnfsaondst
mjkqpndwio is a bear, waexllab is a owl, so waexllab is not more likely to be in a meadow than mjkqpndwio
wtytiinudfh is a bear, cuobv is a owl, so cuobv is not more likely to be in a meadow than wtytiinudfh
nitcf is a bear, iolel is a owl, so iolel is not more likely to be in a meadow than nitcf
yockrghelwyp is a bear, omuvjwfewkwm is a owl, so omuvjwfewkwm is not more likely to be in a meadow than yockrghelwyp
jvnfsaondst is a bear, akj is a owl, so akj is not more likely to be in a meadow than jvnfsaondst
cbfzepfnveaq is a snake, bwsqfv is a elephant, so cbfzepfnveaq is more likely to be in a feild than bwsqfv
wyzoqqd is a snake, lezyxammhsn is a elephant, so wyzoqqd is more likely to be in a feild than lezyxammhsn
latnkzzsrl is a snake, akxzf is a elephant, so latnkzzsrl is more likely to be in a feild than akxzf
dcmhacvkom is a snake, hizmozcvims is a elephant, so dcmhacvkom is more likely to be in a feild than hizmozcvims
ytniztmwh is a snake, cnt is a elephant, so ytniztmwh is more likely to be in a feild than cnt
cbfzepfnveaq is a snake, bwsqfv is an elephant, so bwsqfv is less likely to be in a feild than cbfzepfnveaq
wyzoqqd is a snake, lezyxammhsn is an elephant, so lezyxammhsn is less likely to be in a feild than wyzoqqd
latnkzzsrl is a snake, akxzf is an elephant, so akxzf is less likely to be in a feild than latnkzzsrl
dcmhacvkom is a snake, hizmozcvims is an elephant, so hizmozcvims is less likely to be in a feild than dcmhacvkom
ytniztmwh is a snake, cnt is an elephant, so cnt is less likely to be in a feild than ytniztmwh
vgmcpcrtkz is a snake, mrspxqb is a elephant, so vgmcpcrtkz is not less likely to be in a feild than mrspxqb
mjzfeuxhbih is a snake, rie is a elephant, so mjzfeuxhbih is not less likely to be in a feild than rie
zxni is a snake, jprvkwenzaby is a elephant, so zxni is not less likely to be in a feild than jprvkwenzaby
atyo is a snake, ytr is a elephant, so atyo is not less likely to be in a feild than ytr
tyox is a snake, mjm is a elephant, so tyox is not less likely to be in a feild than mjm
mrspxqb is a snake, vgmcpcrtkz is a elephant, so vgmcpcrtkz is not more likely to be in a feild than mrspxqb
rie is a snake, mjzfeuxhbih is a elephant, so mjzfeuxhbih is not more likely to be in a feild than rie
jprvkwenzaby is a snake, zxni is a elephant, so zxni is not more likely to be in a feild than jprvkwenzaby
ytr is a snake, atyo is a elephant, so atyo is not more likely to be in a feild than ytr
mjm is a snake, tyox is a elephant, so tyox is not more likely to be in a feild than mjm
kuln is a snake, amp is a horse, so kuln is more likely to be in the bible than amp
pbfnvlavc is a snake, pfo is a horse, so pbfnvlavc is more likely to be in the bible than pfo
mjuvu is a snake, ipmdsb is a horse, so mjuvu is more likely to be in the bible than ipmdsb
qxh is a snake, uqnijf is a horse, so qxh is more likely to be in the bible than uqnijf
fgefs is a snake, tvmpovktpa is a horse, so fgefs is more likely to be in the bible than tvmpovktpa
kuln is a snake, amp is a horse, so amp is less likely to be in the bible than kuln
pbfnvlavc is a snake, pfo is a horse, so pfo is less likely to be in the bible than pbfnvlavc
mjuvu is a snake, ipmdsb is a horse, so ipmdsb is less likely to be in the bible than mjuvu
qxh is a snake, uqnijf is a horse, so uqnijf is less likely to be in the bible than qxh
fgefs is a snake, tvmpovktpa is a horse, so tvmpovktpa is less likely to be in the bible than fgefs
zbsuft is a snake, hwnpzlrsc is a horse, so zbsuft is not less likely to be in the bible than hwnpzlrsc
maeuytrfdxmh is a snake, ucgijsm is a horse, so maeuytrfdxmh is not less likely to be in the bible than ucgijsm
jdt is a snake, vzdgvuvrvqaz is a horse, so jdt is not less likely to be in the bible than vzdgvuvrvqaz
ukslfjthcm is a snake, wykliqhdga is a horse, so ukslfjthcm is not less likely to be in the bible than wykliqhdga
mlgijhwnivlh is a snake, nnimkqytu is a horse, so mlgijhwnivlh is not less likely to be in the bible than nnimkqytu
hwnpzlrsc is a snake, zbsuft is a horse, so zbsuft is not more likely to be in the bible than hwnpzlrsc
ucgijsm is a snake, maeuytrfdxmh is a horse, so maeuytrfdxmh is not more likely to be in the bible than ucgijsm
vzdgvuvrvqaz is a snake, jdt is a horse, so jdt is not more likely to be in the bible than vzdgvuvrvqaz
wykliqhdga is a snake, ukslfjthcm is a horse, so ukslfjthcm is not more likely to be in the bible than wykliqhdga
nnimkqytu is a snake, mlgijhwnivlh is a horse, so mlgijhwnivlh is not more likely to be in the bible than nnimkqytu
atyqez is a cat, rjrjjscgh is a hamster, so atyqez is more likely to be in your way than rjrjjscgh
hqhpbkkm is a cat, yuylsxmjxy is a hamster, so hqhpbkkm is more likely to be in your way than yuylsxmjxy
dnrfohixioer is a cat, mstjnkjqgpud is a hamster, so dnrfohixioer is more likely to be in your way than mstjnkjqgpud
tawfd is a cat, nhksnqjgwh is a hamster, so tawfd is more likely to be in your way than nhksnqjgwh
ciju is a cat, lmdtpb is a hamster, so ciju is more likely to be in your way than lmdtpb
atyqez is a cat, rjrjjscgh is a hamster, so rjrjjscgh is less likely to be in your way than atyqez
hqhpbkkm is a cat, yuylsxmjxy is a hamster, so yuylsxmjxy is less likely to be in your way than hqhpbkkm
dnrfohixioer is a cat, mstjnkjqgpud is a hamster, so mstjnkjqgpud is less likely to be in your way than dnrfohixioer
tawfd is a cat, nhksnqjgwh is a hamster, so nhksnqjgwh is less likely to be in your way than tawfd
ciju is a cat, lmdtpb is a hamster, so lmdtpb is less likely to be in your way than ciju
qnaobvpskr is a cat, ntrmt is a hamster, so qnaobvpskr is not less likely to be in your way than ntrmt
becmurnl is a cat, jyfgkeussubx is a hamster, so becmurnl is not less likely to be in your way than jyfgkeussubx
tmvuacjgwyft is a cat, arbreerfq is a hamster, so tmvuacjgwyft is not less likely to be in your way than arbreerfq
iphaiddbhps is a cat, zhorcjwdioo is a hamster, so iphaiddbhps is not less likely to be in your way than zhorcjwdioo
hcxi is a cat, doelicyil is a hamster, so hcxi is not less likely to be in your way than doelicyil
ntrmt is a cat, qnaobvpskr is a hamster, so qnaobvpskr is not more likely to be in your way than ntrmt
jyfgkeussubx is a cat, becmurnl is a hamster, so becmurnl is not more likely to be in your way than jyfgkeussubx
arbreerfq is a cat, tmvuacjgwyft is a hamster, so tmvuacjgwyft is not more likely to be in your way than arbreerfq
zhorcjwdioo is a cat, iphaiddbhps is a hamster, so iphaiddbhps is not more likely to be in your way than zhorcjwdioo
doelicyil is a cat, hcxi is a hamster, so hcxi is not more likely to be in your way than doelicyil
zfr is a chimpanzee, uazpmabuaurb is a spider, so zfr is more likely to hold her baby than uazpmabuaurb
klhybpvfkx is a chimpanzee, ryrhycwiihwe is a spider, so klhybpvfkx is more likely to hold her baby than ryrhycwiihwe
crvqqvpgsq is a chimpanzee, crnachecf is a spider, so crvqqvpgsq is more likely to hold her baby than crnachecf
btya is a chimpanzee, lhlxqcl is a spider, so btya is more likely to hold her baby than lhlxqcl
ibjdbwb is a chimpanzee, syhuo is a spider, so ibjdbwb is more likely to hold her baby than syhuo
zfr is a chimpanzee, uazpmabuaurb is a spider, so uazpmabuaurb is less likely to hold her baby than zfr
klhybpvfkx is a chimpanzee, ryrhycwiihwe is a spider, so ryrhycwiihwe is less likely to hold her baby than klhybpvfkx
crvqqvpgsq is a chimpanzee, crnachecf is a spider, so crnachecf is less likely to hold her baby than crvqqvpgsq
btya is a chimpanzee, lhlxqcl is a spider, so lhlxqcl is less likely to hold her baby than btya
ibjdbwb is a chimpanzee, syhuo is a spider, so syhuo is less likely to hold her baby than ibjdbwb
plmcik is a chimpanzee, zkjtxa is a spider, so plmcik is not less likely to hold her baby than zkjtxa
fifoaxqqnl is a chimpanzee, kmffogf is a spider, so fifoaxqqnl is not less likely to hold her baby than kmffogf
lcyrdsrtb is a chimpanzee, aovueryal is a spider, so lcyrdsrtb is not less likely to hold her baby than aovueryal
qms is a chimpanzee, fnlzcgbik is a spider, so qms is not less likely to hold her baby than fnlzcgbik
gul is a chimpanzee, pugcvs is a spider, so gul is not less likely to hold her baby than pugcvs
zkjtxa is a chimpanzee, plmcik is a spider, so plmcik is not more likely to hold her baby than zkjtxa
kmffogf is a chimpanzee, fifoaxqqnl is a spider, so fifoaxqqnl is not more likely to hold her baby than kmffogf
aovueryal is a chimpanzee, lcyrdsrtb is a spider, so lcyrdsrtb is not more likely to hold her baby than aovueryal
fnlzcgbik is a chimpanzee, qms is a spider, so qms is not more likely to hold her baby than fnlzcgbik
pugcvs is a chimpanzee, gul is a spider, so gul is not more likely to hold her baby than pugcvs
dryc is a fish, tuiapeljs is a snake, so dryc is more likely to be in a pond than tuiapeljs
vazxy is a fish, ixewgepqc is a snake, so vazxy is more likely to be in a pond than ixewgepqc
xlzxsfkmvtbm is a fish, igxwekzxytql is a snake, so xlzxsfkmvtbm is more likely to be in a pond than igxwekzxytql
npl is a fish, enqql is a snake, so npl is more likely to be in a pond than enqql
wgilbh is a fish, cjzsr is a snake, so wgilbh is more likely to be in a pond than cjzsr
dryc is a fish, tuiapeljs is a snake, so tuiapeljs is less likely to be in a pond than dryc
vazxy is a fish, ixewgepqc is a snake, so ixewgepqc is less likely to be in a pond than vazxy
xlzxsfkmvtbm is a fish, igxwekzxytql is a snake, so igxwekzxytql is less likely to be in a pond than xlzxsfkmvtbm
npl is a fish, enqql is a snake, so enqql is less likely to be in a pond than npl
wgilbh is a fish, cjzsr is a snake, so cjzsr is less likely to be in a pond than wgilbh
lmwzoboc is a fish, olay is a snake, so lmwzoboc is not less likely to be in a pond than olay
knrxybwz is a fish, drko is a snake, so knrxybwz is not less likely to be in a pond than drko
pybvppaeje is a fish, dxophxjava is a snake, so pybvppaeje is not less likely to be in a pond than dxophxjava
zydlynnqt is a fish, xhlkh is a snake, so zydlynnqt is not less likely to be in a pond than xhlkh
itnxvvc is a fish, tgy is a snake, so itnxvvc is not less likely to be in a pond than tgy
olay is a fish, lmwzoboc is a snake, so lmwzoboc is not more likely to be in a pond than olay
drko is a fish, knrxybwz is a snake, so knrxybwz is not more likely to be in a pond than drko
dxophxjava is a fish, pybvppaeje is a snake, so pybvppaeje is not more likely to be in a pond than dxophxjava
xhlkh is a fish, zydlynnqt is a snake, so zydlynnqt is not more likely to be in a pond than xhlkh
tgy is a fish, itnxvvc is a snake, so itnxvvc is not more likely to be in a pond than tgy
udbmqprgjqna is a deer, hzoeuzxszbh is a dolphin, so udbmqprgjqna is more likely to be in north america than hzoeuzxszbh
pygsnsg is a deer, pvvfxaxb is a dolphin, so pygsnsg is more likely to be in north america than pvvfxaxb
rotejqjdolv is a deer, omzx is a dolphin, so rotejqjdolv is more likely to be in north america than omzx
ycvuisbj is a deer, buiizkzzad is a dolphin, so ycvuisbj is more likely to be in north america than buiizkzzad
uqjmbnxri is a deer, oxtsss is a dolphin, so uqjmbnxri is more likely to be in north america than oxtsss
udbmqprgjqna is a deer, hzoeuzxszbh is a dolphin, so hzoeuzxszbh is less likely to be in africa than udbmqprgjqna
pygsnsg is a deer, pvvfxaxb is a dolphin, so pvvfxaxb is less likely to be in africa than pygsnsg
rotejqjdolv is a deer, omzx is a dolphin, so omzx is less likely to be in africa than rotejqjdolv
ycvuisbj is a deer, buiizkzzad is a dolphin, so buiizkzzad is less likely to be in africa than ycvuisbj
uqjmbnxri is a deer, oxtsss is a dolphin, so oxtsss is less likely to be in africa than uqjmbnxri
tnplncvdxwli is a deer, bdxfwiepzb is a dolphin, so tnplncvdxwli is not less likely to be in africa than bdxfwiepzb
keeejlki is a deer, nde is a dolphin, so keeejlki is not less likely to be in africa than nde
vuddrjqevfil is a deer, ybuqjx is a dolphin, so vuddrjqevfil is not less likely to be in africa than ybuqjx
qcfzqx is a deer, bhtjl is a dolphin, so qcfzqx is not less likely to be in africa than bhtjl
rvacfdpcqt is a deer, uloqunj is a dolphin, so rvacfdpcqt is not less likely to be in africa than uloqunj
bdxfwiepzb is a deer, tnplncvdxwli is a dolphin, so tnplncvdxwli is not more likely to be in north america than bdxfwiepzb
nde is a deer, keeejlki is a dolphin, so keeejlki is not more likely to be in north america than nde
ybuqjx is a deer, vuddrjqevfil is a dolphin, so vuddrjqevfil is not more likely to be in north america than ybuqjx
bhtjl is a deer, qcfzqx is a dolphin, so qcfzqx is not more likely to be in north america than bhtjl
uloqunj is a deer, rvacfdpcqt is a dolphin, so rvacfdpcqt is not more likely to be in north america than uloqunj
udkomeev is a squirrel, tokb is a alligator, so udkomeev is less likely to be on a roof than tokb
oyputdbc is a squirrel, oxiem is a alligator, so oyputdbc is less likely to be on a roof than oxiem
tupt is a squirrel, zsjslnsrp is a alligator, so tupt is less likely to be on a roof than zsjslnsrp
vtyobsmbnjxy is a squirrel, anfjwb is a alligator, so vtyobsmbnjxy is less likely to be on a roof than anfjwb
iufdu is a squirrel, ajgwnircam is a alligator, so iufdu is less likely to be on a roof than ajgwnircam
udkomeev is a squirrel, tokb is a alligator, so tokb is less likely to be on a roof than udkomeev
oyputdbc is a squirrel, oxiem is a alligator, so oxiem is less likely to be on a roof than oyputdbc
tupt is a squirrel, zsjslnsrp is a alligator, so zsjslnsrp is less likely to be on a roof than tupt
vtyobsmbnjxy is a squirrel, anfjwb is a alligator, so anfjwb is less likely to be on a roof than vtyobsmbnjxy
iufdu is a squirrel, ajgwnircam is a alligator, so ajgwnircam is less likely to be on a roof than iufdu
swbrimx is a squirrel, eonzlha is a alligator, so swbrimx is not less likely to be on a roof than eonzlha
uio is a squirrel, dtdneb is a alligator, so uio is not less likely to be on a roof than dtdneb
mjj is a squirrel, sxftpewzxe is a alligator, so mjj is not less likely to be on a roof than sxftpewzxe
xnoe is a squirrel, dwynxfv is a alligator, so xnoe is not less likely to be on a roof than dwynxfv
qcery is a squirrel, ginnxcnqza is a alligator, so qcery is not less likely to be on a roof than ginnxcnqza
eonzlha is a squirrel, swbrimx is a alligator, so swbrimx is not more likely to be on a roof than eonzlha
dtdneb is a squirrel, uio is a alligator, so uio is not more likely to be on a roof than dtdneb
sxftpewzxe is a squirrel, mjj is a alligator, so mjj is not more likely to be on a roof than sxftpewzxe
dwynxfv is a squirrel, xnoe is a alligator, so xnoe is not more likely to be on a roof than dwynxfv
ginnxcnqza is a squirrel, qcery is a alligator, so qcery is not more likely to be on a roof than ginnxcnqza
xoj is a fish, ojznip is a goat, so xoj is more likely to live underwater than ojznip
exumntbitme is a fish, juufplhv is a goat, so exumntbitme is more likely to live underwater than juufplhv
voaaxap is a fish, ynbt is a goat, so voaaxap is more likely to live underwater than ynbt
atrcqkcmuw is a fish, zwsjvnasofg is a goat, so atrcqkcmuw is more likely to live underwater than zwsjvnasofg
jymgxhm is a fish, huspdgvvxln is a goat, so jymgxhm is more likely to live underwater than huspdgvvxln
xoj is a fish, ojznip is a goat, so ojznip is less likely to live underwater than xoj
exumntbitme is a fish, juufplhv is a goat, so juufplhv is less likely to live underwater than exumntbitme
voaaxap is a fish, ynbt is a goat, so ynbt is less likely to live underwater than voaaxap
atrcqkcmuw is a fish, zwsjvnasofg is a goat, so zwsjvnasofg is less likely to live underwater than atrcqkcmuw
jymgxhm is a fish, huspdgvvxln is a goat, so huspdgvvxln is less likely to live underwater than jymgxhm
ktaomkj is a fish, ewpwfazhnivc is a goat, so ktaomkj is not less likely to live underwater than ewpwfazhnivc
cmmxhvnc is a fish, euqqxml is a goat, so cmmxhvnc is not less likely to live underwater than euqqxml
rprlxybabuu is a fish, fsbmq is a goat, so rprlxybabuu is not less likely to live underwater than fsbmq
rdr is a fish, szkqea is a goat, so rdr is not less likely to live underwater than szkqea
frc is a fish, dtrlg is a goat, so frc is not less likely to live underwater than dtrlg
ewpwfazhnivc is a fish, ktaomkj is a goat, so ktaomkj is not more likely to live underwater than ewpwfazhnivc
euqqxml is a fish, cmmxhvnc is a goat, so cmmxhvnc is not more likely to live underwater than euqqxml
fsbmq is a fish, rprlxybabuu is a goat, so rprlxybabuu is not more likely to live underwater than fsbmq
szkqea is a fish, rdr is a goat, so rdr is not more likely to live underwater than szkqea
dtrlg is a fish, frc is a goat, so frc is not more likely to live underwater than dtrlg
jsec is a rat, ghbaghztcou is a lion, so jsec is more likely to press a lever than ghbaghztcou
xallh is a rat, enb is a lion, so xallh is more likely to press a lever than enb
lggqnt is a rat, gswc is a lion, so lggqnt is more likely to press a lever than gswc
yscetczaaia is a rat, pnopjg is a lion, so yscetczaaia is more likely to press a lever than pnopjg
vkthypxw is a rat, jxgti is a lion, so vkthypxw is more likely to press a lever than jxgti
jsec is a rat, ghbaghztcou is a lion, so ghbaghztcou is less likely to press a lever than jsec
xallh is a rat, enb is a lion, so enb is less likely to press a lever than xallh
lggqnt is a rat, gswc is a lion, so gswc is less likely to press a lever than lggqnt
yscetczaaia is a rat, pnopjg is a lion, so pnopjg is less likely to press a lever than yscetczaaia
vkthypxw is a rat, jxgti is a lion, so jxgti is less likely to press a lever than vkthypxw
zfx is a rat, qeisbwkeehi is a lion, so zfx is not less likely to press a lever than qeisbwkeehi
sspooqfc is a rat, jbxebof is a lion, so sspooqfc is not less likely to press a lever than jbxebof
cxfltaphukg is a rat, bgxqv is a lion, so cxfltaphukg is not less likely to press a lever than bgxqv
wuosbeqxofyz is a rat, geo is a lion, so wuosbeqxofyz is not less likely to press a lever than geo
ezmiovlhcb is a rat, aqmhkyhi is a lion, so ezmiovlhcb is not less likely to press a lever than aqmhkyhi
qeisbwkeehi is a rat, zfx is a lion, so zfx is not more likely to press a lever than qeisbwkeehi
jbxebof is a rat, sspooqfc is a lion, so sspooqfc is not more likely to press a lever than jbxebof
bgxqv is a rat, cxfltaphukg is a lion, so cxfltaphukg is not more likely to press a lever than bgxqv
geo is a rat, wuosbeqxofyz is a lion, so wuosbeqxofyz is not more likely to press a lever than geo
aqmhkyhi is a rat, ezmiovlhcb is a lion, so ezmiovlhcb is not more likely to press a lever than aqmhkyhi
isuqdbcdopt is a ant, iotpwufluh is a dolphin, so isuqdbcdopt is more likely to be on the carpet than iotpwufluh
riymrklbz is a ant, kjoyviwoinb is a dolphin, so riymrklbz is more likely to be on the carpet than kjoyviwoinb
rdxdrlbcsu is a ant, cxhuxwliorri is a dolphin, so rdxdrlbcsu is more likely to be on the carpet than cxhuxwliorri
zdtec is a ant, shcpalix is a dolphin, so zdtec is more likely to be on the carpet than shcpalix
xtdvaoilvjry is a ant, rxydtymtixdh is a dolphin, so xtdvaoilvjry is more likely to be on the carpet than rxydtymtixdh
isuqdbcdopt is a ant, iotpwufluh is a dolphin, so iotpwufluh is less likely to be on the carpet than isuqdbcdopt
riymrklbz is a ant, kjoyviwoinb is a dolphin, so kjoyviwoinb is less likely to be on the carpet than riymrklbz
rdxdrlbcsu is a ant, cxhuxwliorri is a dolphin, so cxhuxwliorri is less likely to be on the carpet than rdxdrlbcsu
zdtec is a ant, shcpalix is a dolphin, so shcpalix is less likely to be on the carpet than zdtec
xtdvaoilvjry is a ant, rxydtymtixdh is a dolphin, so rxydtymtixdh is less likely to be on the carpet than xtdvaoilvjry
wyg is a ant, odzkp is a dolphin, so wyg is not less likely to be on the carpet than odzkp
yhjkjdy is a ant, wpgbkye is a dolphin, so yhjkjdy is not less likely to be on the carpet than wpgbkye
swckuw is a ant, vlwupw is a dolphin, so swckuw is not less likely to be on the carpet than vlwupw
mfonuq is a ant, unzqti is a dolphin, so mfonuq is not less likely to be on the carpet than unzqti
iuturkcih is a ant, ejssmlnp is a dolphin, so iuturkcih is not less likely to be on the carpet than ejssmlnp
odzkp is a ant, wyg is a dolphin, so wyg is not more likely to be on the carpet than odzkp
wpgbkye is a ant, yhjkjdy is a dolphin, so yhjkjdy is not more likely to be on the carpet than wpgbkye
vlwupw is a ant, swckuw is a dolphin, so swckuw is not more likely to be on the carpet than vlwupw
unzqti is a ant, mfonuq is a dolphin, so mfonuq is not more likely to be on the carpet than unzqti
ejssmlnp is a ant, iuturkcih is a dolphin, so iuturkcih is not more likely to be on the carpet than ejssmlnp
ikvwyedonefd is a tiger, yrkhnwiig is a dolphin, so ikvwyedonefd is more likely to drink water than yrkhnwiig
rircwxiua is a tiger, jjunigba is a dolphin, so rircwxiua is more likely to drink water than jjunigba
lqbupkkfeec is a tiger, chbpmxhftj is a dolphin, so lqbupkkfeec is more likely to drink water than chbpmxhftj
rrhvnbk is a tiger, acils is a dolphin, so rrhvnbk is more likely to drink water than acils
lpvtkrx is a tiger, ojjxbndxgu is a dolphin, so lpvtkrx is more likely to drink water than ojjxbndxgu
ikvwyedonefd is a tiger, yrkhnwiig is a dolphin, so yrkhnwiig is less likely to drink water than ikvwyedonefd
rircwxiua is a tiger, jjunigba is a dolphin, so jjunigba is less likely to drink water than rircwxiua
lqbupkkfeec is a tiger, chbpmxhftj is a dolphin, so chbpmxhftj is less likely to drink water than lqbupkkfeec
rrhvnbk is a tiger, acils is a dolphin, so acils is less likely to drink water than rrhvnbk
lpvtkrx is a tiger, ojjxbndxgu is a dolphin, so ojjxbndxgu is less likely to drink water than lpvtkrx
cozdppmet is a tiger, tbnnbql is a dolphin, so cozdppmet is not less likely to drink water than tbnnbql
efbuez is a tiger, ozbeuwhdp is a dolphin, so efbuez is not less likely to drink water than ozbeuwhdp
tjqwdyatnxe is a tiger, dkmibs is a dolphin, so tjqwdyatnxe is not less likely to drink water than dkmibs
yfvyfexbgl is a tiger, opdgiumyvhc is a dolphin, so yfvyfexbgl is not less likely to drink water than opdgiumyvhc
cqhhaijmhqq is a tiger, lpxb is a dolphin, so cqhhaijmhqq is not less likely to drink water than lpxb
tbnnbql is a tiger, cozdppmet is a dolphin, so cozdppmet is not more likely to drink water than tbnnbql
ozbeuwhdp is a tiger, efbuez is a dolphin, so efbuez is not more likely to drink water than ozbeuwhdp
dkmibs is a tiger, tjqwdyatnxe is a dolphin, so tjqwdyatnxe is not more likely to drink water than dkmibs
opdgiumyvhc is a tiger, yfvyfexbgl is a dolphin, so yfvyfexbgl is not more likely to drink water than opdgiumyvhc
lpxb is a tiger, cqhhaijmhqq is a dolphin, so cqhhaijmhqq is not more likely to drink water than lpxb
mvxigivofpj is a snake, jdv is a seal, so mvxigivofpj is less likely to eat an egg than jdv
jqs is a snake, glafaivodsj is a seal, so jqs is less likely to eat an egg than glafaivodsj
icfoegxjvz is a snake, sacjw is a seal, so icfoegxjvz is less likely to eat an egg than sacjw
umqfxu is a snake, mevixb is a seal, so umqfxu is less likely to eat an egg than mevixb
ybvumttyuae is a snake, osdmlmu is a seal, so ybvumttyuae is less likely to eat an egg than osdmlmu
mvxigivofpj is a snake, jdv is a seal, so jdv is less likely to eat an egg than mvxigivofpj
jqs is a snake, glafaivodsj is a seal, so glafaivodsj is less likely to eat an egg than jqs
icfoegxjvz is a snake, sacjw is a seal, so sacjw is less likely to eat an egg than icfoegxjvz
umqfxu is a snake, mevixb is a seal, so mevixb is less likely to eat an egg than umqfxu
ybvumttyuae is a snake, osdmlmu is a seal, so osdmlmu is less likely to eat an egg than ybvumttyuae
mceo is a snake, qfqcebohpch is a seal, so mceo is not less likely to eat an egg than qfqcebohpch
amns is a snake, svgnbvk is a seal, so amns is not less likely to eat an egg than svgnbvk
tcudu is a snake, xzpfwioo is a seal, so tcudu is not less likely to eat an egg than xzpfwioo
uizbqhu is a snake, ecdjalsfb is a seal, so uizbqhu is not less likely to eat an egg than ecdjalsfb
lboh is a snake, odiw is a seal, so lboh is not less likely to eat an egg than odiw
qfqcebohpch is a snake, mceo is a seal, so mceo is not more likely to eat an egg than qfqcebohpch
svgnbvk is a snake, amns is a seal, so amns is not more likely to eat an egg than svgnbvk
xzpfwioo is a snake, tcudu is a seal, so tcudu is not more likely to eat an egg than xzpfwioo
ecdjalsfb is a snake, uizbqhu is a seal, so uizbqhu is not more likely to eat an egg than ecdjalsfb
odiw is a snake, lboh is a seal, so lboh is not more likely to eat an egg than odiw
piusqqrzq is a fish, xkhq is a fox, so piusqqrzq is less likely to be on the market than xkhq
xidhjpqvbgng is a fish, tytwg is a fox, so xidhjpqvbgng is less likely to be on the market than tytwg
wtzazms is a fish, xmknjeoc is a fox, so wtzazms is less likely to be on the market than xmknjeoc
ikbsflw is a fish, gawhnon is a fox, so ikbsflw is less likely to be on the market than gawhnon
wpyqv is a fish, yfhwvxmls is a fox, so wpyqv is less likely to be on the market than yfhwvxmls
piusqqrzq is a fish, xkhq is a fox, so xkhq is less likely to be on the market than piusqqrzq
xidhjpqvbgng is a fish, tytwg is a fox, so tytwg is less likely to be on the market than xidhjpqvbgng
wtzazms is a fish, xmknjeoc is a fox, so xmknjeoc is less likely to be on the market than wtzazms
ikbsflw is a fish, gawhnon is a fox, so gawhnon is less likely to be on the market than ikbsflw
wpyqv is a fish, yfhwvxmls is a fox, so yfhwvxmls is less likely to be on the market than wpyqv
pdqymtwy is a fish, oeuh is a fox, so pdqymtwy is not less likely to be on the market than oeuh
bjm is a fish, gzdbva is a fox, so bjm is not less likely to be on the market than gzdbva
uzyanocaqogl is a fish, ixpctbc is a fox, so uzyanocaqogl is not less likely to be on the market than ixpctbc
zyxxotya is a fish, ycpqflup is a fox, so zyxxotya is not less likely to be on the market than ycpqflup
hvqgznwcpdll is a fish, spvqw is a fox, so hvqgznwcpdll is not less likely to be on the market than spvqw
oeuh is a fish, pdqymtwy is a fox, so pdqymtwy is not more likely to be on the market than oeuh
gzdbva is a fish, bjm is a fox, so bjm is not more likely to be on the market than gzdbva
ixpctbc is a fish, uzyanocaqogl is a fox, so uzyanocaqogl is not more likely to be on the market than ixpctbc
ycpqflup is a fish, zyxxotya is a fox, so zyxxotya is not more likely to be on the market than ycpqflup
spvqw is a fish, hvqgznwcpdll is a fox, so hvqgznwcpdll is not more likely to be on the market than spvqw
ipmlpcinf is a shark, azfz is a kangaroo, so ipmlpcinf is more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than azfz
hkobsof is a shark, xqhcqw is a kangaroo, so hkobsof is more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than xqhcqw
zxgveikjkrxo is a shark, jjnmbxm is a kangaroo, so zxgveikjkrxo is more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than jjnmbxm
fsgbyxggxek is a shark, bprtcr is a kangaroo, so fsgbyxggxek is more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than bprtcr
lcrblxkvtk is a shark, hxx is a kangaroo, so lcrblxkvtk is more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than hxx
ipmlpcinf is a shark, azfz is a kangaroo, so azfz is less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than ipmlpcinf
hkobsof is a shark, xqhcqw is a kangaroo, so xqhcqw is less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than hkobsof
zxgveikjkrxo is a shark, jjnmbxm is a kangaroo, so jjnmbxm is less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than zxgveikjkrxo
fsgbyxggxek is a shark, bprtcr is a kangaroo, so bprtcr is less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than fsgbyxggxek
lcrblxkvtk is a shark, hxx is a kangaroo, so hxx is less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than lcrblxkvtk
lljsipoygfy is a shark, efpgfnb is a kangaroo, so lljsipoygfy is not less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than efpgfnb
xicemn is a shark, zqmscfy is a kangaroo, so xicemn is not less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than zqmscfy
ddnggnjnq is a shark, cmfph is a kangaroo, so ddnggnjnq is not less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than cmfph
agclwlm is a shark, jedfo is a kangaroo, so agclwlm is not less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than jedfo
uipimwd is a shark, ipeh is a kangaroo, so uipimwd is not less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than ipeh
efpgfnb is a shark, lljsipoygfy is a kangaroo, so lljsipoygfy is not more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than efpgfnb
zqmscfy is a shark, xicemn is a kangaroo, so xicemn is not more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than zqmscfy
cmfph is a shark, ddnggnjnq is a kangaroo, so ddnggnjnq is not more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than cmfph
jedfo is a shark, agclwlm is a kangaroo, so agclwlm is not more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than jedfo
ipeh is a shark, uipimwd is a kangaroo, so uipimwd is not more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than ipeh
zhlkncfzf is a monkey, drfyklkpitxy is a crocodile, so zhlkncfzf is more likely to throw a banana than drfyklkpitxy
qyevjpxiidg is a monkey, mrrofnfsvi is a crocodile, so qyevjpxiidg is more likely to throw a banana than mrrofnfsvi
tixeedwdtgnz is a monkey, tnvjk is a crocodile, so tixeedwdtgnz is more likely to throw a banana than tnvjk
hkw is a monkey, yvkkimei is a crocodile, so hkw is more likely to throw a banana than yvkkimei
tprimhiupl is a monkey, lyavh is a crocodile, so tprimhiupl is more likely to throw a banana than lyavh
zhlkncfzf is a monkey, drfyklkpitxy is a crocodile, so drfyklkpitxy is more likely to throw a banana than zhlkncfzf
qyevjpxiidg is a monkey, mrrofnfsvi is a crocodile, so mrrofnfsvi is more likely to throw a banana than qyevjpxiidg
tixeedwdtgnz is a monkey, tnvjk is a crocodile, so tnvjk is more likely to throw a banana than tixeedwdtgnz
hkw is a monkey, yvkkimei is a crocodile, so yvkkimei is more likely to throw a banana than hkw
tprimhiupl is a monkey, lyavh is a crocodile, so lyavh is more likely to throw a banana than tprimhiupl
atkxphfqax is a monkey, zdgzsqammig is a crocodile, so atkxphfqax is not less likely to throw a banana than zdgzsqammig
loqum is a monkey, rxjzj is a crocodile, so loqum is not less likely to throw a banana than rxjzj
bmzcybtfu is a monkey, tpwwinvukd is a crocodile, so bmzcybtfu is not less likely to throw a banana than tpwwinvukd
gidztkfpkj is a monkey, nkglayxjfsvx is a crocodile, so gidztkfpkj is not less likely to throw a banana than nkglayxjfsvx
spkgihpfxfde is a monkey, psfeyvla is a crocodile, so spkgihpfxfde is not less likely to throw a banana than psfeyvla
zdgzsqammig is a monkey, atkxphfqax is a crocodile, so atkxphfqax is not more likely to throw a banana than zdgzsqammig
rxjzj is a monkey, loqum is a crocodile, so loqum is not more likely to throw a banana than rxjzj
tpwwinvukd is a monkey, bmzcybtfu is a crocodile, so bmzcybtfu is not more likely to throw a banana than tpwwinvukd
nkglayxjfsvx is a monkey, gidztkfpkj is a crocodile, so gidztkfpkj is not more likely to throw a banana than nkglayxjfsvx
psfeyvla is a monkey, spkgihpfxfde is a crocodile, so spkgihpfxfde is not more likely to throw a banana than psfeyvla
qlad is a snake, catcagp is a giraffe, so qlad is more likely to be rude than catcagp
zuykbcwh is a snake, lah is a giraffe, so zuykbcwh is more likely to be rude than lah
aouynd is a snake, bba is a giraffe, so aouynd is more likely to be rude than bba
mdsuimwvxew is a snake, afiqhjgr is a giraffe, so mdsuimwvxew is more likely to be rude than afiqhjgr
sgsnrg is a snake, fleijxsnhx is a giraffe, so sgsnrg is more likely to be rude than fleijxsnhx
qlad is a snake, catcagp is a giraffe, so catcagp is less likely to be rude than qlad
zuykbcwh is a snake, lah is a giraffe, so lah is less likely to be rude than zuykbcwh
aouynd is a snake, bba is a giraffe, so bba is less likely to be rude than aouynd
mdsuimwvxew is a snake, afiqhjgr is a giraffe, so afiqhjgr is less likely to be rude than mdsuimwvxew
sgsnrg is a snake, fleijxsnhx is a giraffe, so fleijxsnhx is less likely to be rude than sgsnrg
rfztst is a snake, ealetfzxyhat is a giraffe, so rfztst is not less likely to be rude than ealetfzxyhat
xtqnwyhy is a snake, bhfh is a giraffe, so xtqnwyhy is not less likely to be rude than bhfh
yyka is a snake, dffxamuimb is a giraffe, so yyka is not less likely to be rude than dffxamuimb
lvwn is a snake, ncbumdh is a giraffe, so lvwn is not less likely to be rude than ncbumdh
hdyolutp is a snake, buiovhj is a giraffe, so hdyolutp is not less likely to be rude than buiovhj
ealetfzxyhat is a snake, rfztst is a giraffe, so rfztst is not more likely to be rude than ealetfzxyhat
bhfh is a snake, xtqnwyhy is a giraffe, so xtqnwyhy is not more likely to be rude than bhfh
dffxamuimb is a snake, yyka is a giraffe, so yyka is not more likely to be rude than dffxamuimb
ncbumdh is a snake, lvwn is a giraffe, so lvwn is not more likely to be rude than ncbumdh
buiovhj is a snake, hdyolutp is a giraffe, so hdyolutp is not more likely to be rude than buiovhj
gzbkrqxhqdg is a kangaroo, wilzdxbpdvxg is a monkey, so gzbkrqxhqdg is less likely to jump over rocks than wilzdxbpdvxg
uqacyu is a kangaroo, mjphato is a monkey, so uqacyu is less likely to jump over rocks than mjphato
eqjrw is a kangaroo, iiepoosgi is a monkey, so eqjrw is less likely to jump over rocks than iiepoosgi
ggw is a kangaroo, wwacckf is a monkey, so ggw is less likely to jump over rocks than wwacckf
uojliwaplqfr is a kangaroo, uafejc is a monkey, so uojliwaplqfr is less likely to jump over rocks than uafejc
gzbkrqxhqdg is a kangaroo, wilzdxbpdvxg is a monkey, so wilzdxbpdvxg is less likely to jump over rocks than gzbkrqxhqdg
uqacyu is a kangaroo, mjphato is a monkey, so mjphato is less likely to jump over rocks than uqacyu
eqjrw is a kangaroo, iiepoosgi is a monkey, so iiepoosgi is less likely to jump over rocks than eqjrw
ggw is a kangaroo, wwacckf is a monkey, so wwacckf is less likely to jump over rocks than ggw
uojliwaplqfr is a kangaroo, uafejc is a monkey, so uafejc is less likely to jump over rocks than uojliwaplqfr
qxpocx is a kangaroo, ignkkcqu is a monkey, so qxpocx is not less likely to jump over rocks than ignkkcqu
uyzjaxetxdc is a kangaroo, gasesfr is a monkey, so uyzjaxetxdc is not less likely to jump over rocks than gasesfr
rwloqk is a kangaroo, csam is a monkey, so rwloqk is not less likely to jump over rocks than csam
rzswuw is a kangaroo, ifwuysjc is a monkey, so rzswuw is not less likely to jump over rocks than ifwuysjc
oqazpbo is a kangaroo, zblawigoib is a monkey, so oqazpbo is not less likely to jump over rocks than zblawigoib
ignkkcqu is a kangaroo, qxpocx is a monkey, so qxpocx is not more likely to jump over rocks than ignkkcqu
gasesfr is a kangaroo, uyzjaxetxdc is a monkey, so uyzjaxetxdc is not more likely to jump over rocks than gasesfr
csam is a kangaroo, rwloqk is a monkey, so rwloqk is not more likely to jump over rocks than csam
ifwuysjc is a kangaroo, rzswuw is a monkey, so rzswuw is not more likely to jump over rocks than ifwuysjc
zblawigoib is a kangaroo, oqazpbo is a monkey, so oqazpbo is not more likely to jump over rocks than zblawigoib
oeefdwwsccfn is a bird, fipxxjfk is a cow, so oeefdwwsccfn is less likely to be in the air than fipxxjfk
gerwuetcdgm is a bird, xajgolt is a cow, so gerwuetcdgm is less likely to be in the air than xajgolt
dwbzz is a bird, zlsx is a cow, so dwbzz is less likely to be in the air than zlsx
ebnialvdh is a bird, ctcynfwwozm is a cow, so ebnialvdh is less likely to be in the air than ctcynfwwozm
azbcdfelat is a bird, syrpenb is a cow, so azbcdfelat is less likely to be in the air than syrpenb
oeefdwwsccfn is a bird, fipxxjfk is a cow, so fipxxjfk is less likely to be in the air than oeefdwwsccfn
gerwuetcdgm is a bird, xajgolt is a cow, so xajgolt is less likely to be in the air than gerwuetcdgm
dwbzz is a bird, zlsx is a cow, so zlsx is less likely to be in the air than dwbzz
ebnialvdh is a bird, ctcynfwwozm is a cow, so ctcynfwwozm is less likely to be in the air than ebnialvdh
azbcdfelat is a bird, syrpenb is a cow, so syrpenb is less likely to be in the air than azbcdfelat
sbeiwnkaz is a bird, rgstjjo is a cow, so sbeiwnkaz is not less likely to be in the air than rgstjjo
imdtdwki is a bird, trlsoxzfq is a cow, so imdtdwki is not less likely to be in the air than trlsoxzfq
nnomoy is a bird, ehatlq is a cow, so nnomoy is not less likely to be in the air than ehatlq
vtvxra is a bird, nlitrppz is a cow, so vtvxra is not less likely to be in the air than nlitrppz
tsmjebmq is a bird, jtul is a cow, so tsmjebmq is not less likely to be in the air than jtul
rgstjjo is a bird, sbeiwnkaz is a cow, so sbeiwnkaz is not more likely to be in the air than rgstjjo
trlsoxzfq is a bird, imdtdwki is a cow, so imdtdwki is not more likely to be in the air than trlsoxzfq
ehatlq is a bird, nnomoy is a cow, so nnomoy is not more likely to be in the air than ehatlq
nlitrppz is a bird, vtvxra is a cow, so vtvxra is not more likely to be in the air than nlitrppz
jtul is a bird, tsmjebmq is a cow, so tsmjebmq is not more likely to be in the air than jtul
rvp is a lion, goz is a pig, so rvp is more likely to roar than goz
rnxqzkibf is a lion, byi is a pig, so rnxqzkibf is more likely to roar than byi
cyhhyzitbo is a lion, gmei is a pig, so cyhhyzitbo is more likely to roar than gmei
uvfcl is a lion, obhvnqb is a pig, so uvfcl is more likely to roar than obhvnqb
jmzrjedb is a lion, vylkeddtglvn is a pig, so jmzrjedb is more likely to roar than vylkeddtglvn
rvp is a lion, goz is a pig, so goz is less likely to roar than rvp
rnxqzkibf is a lion, byi is a pig, so byi is less likely to roar than rnxqzkibf
cyhhyzitbo is a lion, gmei is a pig, so gmei is less likely to roar than cyhhyzitbo
uvfcl is a lion, obhvnqb is a pig, so obhvnqb is less likely to roar than uvfcl
jmzrjedb is a lion, vylkeddtglvn is a pig, so vylkeddtglvn is less likely to roar than jmzrjedb
zhscvsriotnt is a lion, ypzalwfchk is a pig, so zhscvsriotnt is not less likely to roar than ypzalwfchk
keawyqtpkkl is a lion, islbvii is a pig, so keawyqtpkkl is not less likely to roar than islbvii
favhlmfl is a lion, peh is a pig, so favhlmfl is not less likely to roar than peh
okjghoanza is a lion, gpojaugof is a pig, so okjghoanza is not less likely to roar than gpojaugof
reevwgimh is a lion, xivqier is a pig, so reevwgimh is not less likely to roar than xivqier
ypzalwfchk is a lion, zhscvsriotnt is a pig, so zhscvsriotnt is not more likely to roar than ypzalwfchk
islbvii is a lion, keawyqtpkkl is a pig, so keawyqtpkkl is not more likely to roar than islbvii
peh is a lion, favhlmfl is a pig, so favhlmfl is not more likely to roar than peh
gpojaugof is a lion, okjghoanza is a pig, so okjghoanza is not more likely to roar than gpojaugof
xivqier is a lion, reevwgimh is a pig, so reevwgimh is not more likely to roar than xivqier
drcohuyzci is a cow, mrgzsrljdfs is a tiger, so drcohuyzci is more low for her calf than mrgzsrljdfs
lecendjinsm is a cow, lidoqxj is a tiger, so lecendjinsm is more low for her calf than lidoqxj
jnxulsws is a cow, ujhcasopdmxz is a tiger, so jnxulsws is more low for her calf than ujhcasopdmxz
bopj is a cow, tgqgf is a tiger, so bopj is more low for her calf than tgqgf
tho is a cow, tgvnhctm is a tiger, so tho is more low for her calf than tgvnhctm
drcohuyzci is a cow, mrgzsrljdfs is a tiger, so mrgzsrljdfs is less low for her calf than drcohuyzci
lecendjinsm is a cow, lidoqxj is a tiger, so lidoqxj is less low for her calf than lecendjinsm
jnxulsws is a cow, ujhcasopdmxz is a tiger, so ujhcasopdmxz is less low for her calf than jnxulsws
bopj is a cow, tgqgf is a tiger, so tgqgf is less low for her calf than bopj
tho is a cow, tgvnhctm is a tiger, so tgvnhctm is less low for her calf than tho
vrgztaeyfs is a cow, zkjyrckrjjv is a tiger, so vrgztaeyfs is not less low for her calf than zkjyrckrjjv
bgxqkfydbg is a cow, lcujxsuxy is a tiger, so bgxqkfydbg is not less low for her calf than lcujxsuxy
leqtpdisjtc is a cow, gourmwty is a tiger, so leqtpdisjtc is not less low for her calf than gourmwty
qnetpdj is a cow, ovq is a tiger, so qnetpdj is not less low for her calf than ovq
wefs is a cow, czmzfjxdupyq is a tiger, so wefs is not less low for her calf than czmzfjxdupyq
zkjyrckrjjv is a cow, vrgztaeyfs is a tiger, so vrgztaeyfs is not more low for her calf than zkjyrckrjjv
lcujxsuxy is a cow, bgxqkfydbg is a tiger, so bgxqkfydbg is not more low for her calf than lcujxsuxy
gourmwty is a cow, leqtpdisjtc is a tiger, so leqtpdisjtc is not more low for her calf than gourmwty
ovq is a cow, qnetpdj is a tiger, so qnetpdj is not more low for her calf than ovq
czmzfjxdupyq is a cow, wefs is a tiger, so wefs is not more low for her calf than czmzfjxdupyq
spdblyk is a shark, oykjjncua is a duck, so spdblyk is more likely to be in the ocean than oykjjncua
cbmgewpq is a shark, aetmssns is a duck, so cbmgewpq is more likely to be in the ocean than aetmssns
badejdjvzcdg is a shark, ywdbr is a duck, so badejdjvzcdg is more likely to be in the ocean than ywdbr
koirumglci is a shark, smxbmkgmcxm is a duck, so koirumglci is more likely to be in the ocean than smxbmkgmcxm
odz is a shark, wkmzxaqgjho is a duck, so odz is more likely to be in the ocean than wkmzxaqgjho
spdblyk is a shark, oykjjncua is a duck, so oykjjncua is less likely to be in the ocean than spdblyk
cbmgewpq is a shark, aetmssns is a duck, so aetmssns is less likely to be in the ocean than cbmgewpq
badejdjvzcdg is a shark, ywdbr is a duck, so ywdbr is less likely to be in the ocean than badejdjvzcdg
koirumglci is a shark, smxbmkgmcxm is a duck, so smxbmkgmcxm is less likely to be in the ocean than koirumglci
odz is a shark, wkmzxaqgjho is a duck, so wkmzxaqgjho is less likely to be in the ocean than odz
adgb is a shark, syaokgalmo is a duck, so adgb is not less likely to be in the ocean than syaokgalmo
swwd is a shark, sywra is a duck, so swwd is not less likely to be in the ocean than sywra
hnukrvkfufy is a shark, xwvtrx is a duck, so hnukrvkfufy is not less likely to be in the ocean than xwvtrx
dtgufryu is a shark, duybmbqkxuux is a duck, so dtgufryu is not less likely to be in the ocean than duybmbqkxuux
uszmfjz is a shark, jddbjlhvkgh is a duck, so uszmfjz is not less likely to be in the ocean than jddbjlhvkgh
syaokgalmo is a shark, adgb is a duck, so adgb is not more likely to be in the ocean than syaokgalmo
sywra is a shark, swwd is a duck, so swwd is not more likely to be in the ocean than sywra
xwvtrx is a shark, hnukrvkfufy is a duck, so hnukrvkfufy is not more likely to be in the ocean than xwvtrx
duybmbqkxuux is a shark, dtgufryu is a duck, so dtgufryu is not more likely to be in the ocean than duybmbqkxuux
jddbjlhvkgh is a shark, uszmfjz is a duck, so uszmfjz is not more likely to be in the ocean than jddbjlhvkgh
oeninpce is a alligator, ktjxdxchjkp is a monkey, so oeninpce is more likely to be in a swamp than ktjxdxchjkp
yrxyku is a alligator, yiit is a monkey, so yrxyku is more likely to be in a swamp than yiit
mqcby is a alligator, ltzvmge is a monkey, so mqcby is more likely to be in a swamp than ltzvmge
xsvmhpgs is a alligator, zprrrloxxetc is a monkey, so xsvmhpgs is more likely to be in a swamp than zprrrloxxetc
aogcstmzxan is a alligator, cczzppm is a monkey, so aogcstmzxan is more likely to be in a swamp than cczzppm
oeninpce is a alligator, ktjxdxchjkp is a monkey, so ktjxdxchjkp is less likely to be in a swamp than oeninpce
yrxyku is a alligator, yiit is a monkey, so yiit is less likely to be in a swamp than yrxyku
mqcby is a alligator, ltzvmge is a monkey, so ltzvmge is less likely to be in a swamp than mqcby
xsvmhpgs is a alligator, zprrrloxxetc is a monkey, so zprrrloxxetc is less likely to be in a swamp than xsvmhpgs
aogcstmzxan is a alligator, cczzppm is a monkey, so cczzppm is less likely to be in a swamp than aogcstmzxan
yxivhncdjqmc is a alligator, eqejuihb is a monkey, so yxivhncdjqmc is not less likely to be in a swamp than eqejuihb
wexeivzrt is a alligator, pyrhdorgfw is a monkey, so wexeivzrt is not less likely to be in a swamp than pyrhdorgfw
wkibnra is a alligator, tlzwdfoa is a monkey, so wkibnra is not less likely to be in a swamp than tlzwdfoa
rtjvrut is a alligator, fnmss is a monkey, so rtjvrut is not less likely to be in a swamp than fnmss
lfudqqybx is a alligator, pde is a monkey, so lfudqqybx is not less likely to be in a swamp than pde
eqejuihb is a alligator, yxivhncdjqmc is a monkey, so yxivhncdjqmc is not more likely to be in a swamp than eqejuihb
pyrhdorgfw is a alligator, wexeivzrt is a monkey, so wexeivzrt is not more likely to be in a swamp than pyrhdorgfw
tlzwdfoa is a alligator, wkibnra is a monkey, so wkibnra is not more likely to be in a swamp than tlzwdfoa
fnmss is a alligator, rtjvrut is a monkey, so rtjvrut is not more likely to be in a swamp than fnmss
pde is a alligator, lfudqqybx is a monkey, so lfudqqybx is not more likely to be in a swamp than pde
xiqcrkbatf is a squirrel, utgmuhnsavu is a panda, so xiqcrkbatf is more likely to be on a street than utgmuhnsavu
cfosf is a squirrel, yanqvotape is a panda, so cfosf is more likely to be on a street than yanqvotape
eglahidvupoo is a squirrel, jecnzicdtey is a panda, so eglahidvupoo is more likely to be on a street than jecnzicdtey
gbmdqr is a squirrel, conjjgiovu is a panda, so gbmdqr is more likely to be on a street than conjjgiovu
skelhecwerz is a squirrel, janpjo is a panda, so skelhecwerz is more likely to be on a street than janpjo
xiqcrkbatf is a squirrel, utgmuhnsavu is a panda, so utgmuhnsavu is less likely to be on a street than xiqcrkbatf
cfosf is a squirrel, yanqvotape is a panda, so yanqvotape is less likely to be on a street than cfosf
eglahidvupoo is a squirrel, jecnzicdtey is a panda, so jecnzicdtey is less likely to be on a street than eglahidvupoo
gbmdqr is a squirrel, conjjgiovu is a panda, so conjjgiovu is less likely to be on a street than gbmdqr
skelhecwerz is a squirrel, janpjo is a panda, so janpjo is less likely to be on a street than skelhecwerz
grodqp is a squirrel, othhykla is a panda, so grodqp is not less likely to be on a street than othhykla
akzfljeycf is a squirrel, vfhdlvpgrm is a panda, so akzfljeycf is not less likely to be on a street than vfhdlvpgrm
esjgtw is a squirrel, vsq is a panda, so esjgtw is not less likely to be on a street than vsq
kddfgietkz is a squirrel, onvzpl is a panda, so kddfgietkz is not less likely to be on a street than onvzpl
ujosunqpfnig is a squirrel, lywpsywmrsz is a panda, so ujosunqpfnig is not less likely to be on a street than lywpsywmrsz
othhykla is a squirrel, grodqp is a panda, so grodqp is not more likely to be on a street than othhykla
vfhdlvpgrm is a squirrel, akzfljeycf is a panda, so akzfljeycf is not more likely to be on a street than vfhdlvpgrm
vsq is a squirrel, esjgtw is a panda, so esjgtw is not more likely to be on a street than vsq
onvzpl is a squirrel, kddfgietkz is a panda, so kddfgietkz is not more likely to be on a street than onvzpl
lywpsywmrsz is a squirrel, ujosunqpfnig is a panda, so ujosunqpfnig is not more likely to be on a street than lywpsywmrsz
zjvb is a wolf, pekcnd is a lobster, so zjvb is more likely to be in a forest than pekcnd
gmrnrnermy is a wolf, kwrfj is a lobster, so gmrnrnermy is more likely to be in a forest than kwrfj
tsjarehd is a wolf, zwkspedonnxt is a lobster, so tsjarehd is more likely to be in a forest than zwkspedonnxt
szj is a wolf, ofqyy is a lobster, so szj is more likely to be in a forest than ofqyy
jivd is a wolf, zanyxe is a lobster, so jivd is more likely to be in a forest than zanyxe
zjvb is a wolf, pekcnd is a lobster, so pekcnd is less likely to be in a forest than zjvb
gmrnrnermy is a wolf, kwrfj is a lobster, so kwrfj is less likely to be in a forest than gmrnrnermy
tsjarehd is a wolf, zwkspedonnxt is a lobster, so zwkspedonnxt is less likely to be in a forest than tsjarehd
szj is a wolf, ofqyy is a lobster, so ofqyy is less likely to be in a forest than szj
jivd is a wolf, zanyxe is a lobster, so zanyxe is less likely to be in a forest than jivd
nonbfxqliidn is a wolf, ydv is a lobster, so nonbfxqliidn is not less likely to be in a forest than ydv
xyvcax is a wolf, ciqyw is a lobster, so xyvcax is not less likely to be in a forest than ciqyw
vbfvtcgpchpc is a wolf, yco is a lobster, so vbfvtcgpchpc is not less likely to be in a forest than yco
qrbnrgpgznjq is a wolf, odpfizlbzj is a lobster, so qrbnrgpgznjq is not less likely to be in a forest than odpfizlbzj
extnyyp is a wolf, uvvfxmtyupl is a lobster, so extnyyp is not less likely to be in a forest than uvvfxmtyupl
ydv is a wolf, nonbfxqliidn is a lobster, so nonbfxqliidn is not more likely to be in a forest than ydv
ciqyw is a wolf, xyvcax is a lobster, so xyvcax is not more likely to be in a forest than ciqyw
yco is a wolf, vbfvtcgpchpc is a lobster, so vbfvtcgpchpc is not more likely to be in a forest than yco
odpfizlbzj is a wolf, qrbnrgpgznjq is a lobster, so qrbnrgpgznjq is not more likely to be in a forest than odpfizlbzj
uvvfxmtyupl is a wolf, extnyyp is a lobster, so extnyyp is not more likely to be in a forest than uvvfxmtyupl
kki is a lion, tplbwo is a owl, so kki is less likely to be on the veldt than tplbwo
ftgu is a lion, wqcf is a owl, so ftgu is less likely to be on the veldt than wqcf
mie is a lion, odcktpvupt is a owl, so mie is less likely to be on the veldt than odcktpvupt
xsnpjehr is a lion, sumph is a owl, so xsnpjehr is less likely to be on the veldt than sumph
vubhourod is a lion, dzopilekc is a owl, so vubhourod is less likely to be on the veldt than dzopilekc
kki is a lion, tplbwo is a owl, so tplbwo is less likely to be in the veldt than kki
ftgu is a lion, wqcf is a owl, so wqcf is less likely to be in the veldt than ftgu
mie is a lion, odcktpvupt is a owl, so odcktpvupt is less likely to be in the veldt than mie
xsnpjehr is a lion, sumph is a owl, so sumph is less likely to be in the veldt than xsnpjehr
vubhourod is a lion, dzopilekc is a owl, so dzopilekc is less likely to be in the veldt than vubhourod
iltvikjyrsjz is a lion, zlgaifpxblm is a owl, so iltvikjyrsjz is not less likely to be in the veld than zlgaifpxblm
txyu is a lion, ohuzyhfx is a owl, so txyu is not less likely to be in the veld than ohuzyhfx
cutdhszt is a lion, urffmxh is a owl, so cutdhszt is not less likely to be in the veld than urffmxh
habexngug is a lion, bkduhrabgc is a owl, so habexngug is not less likely to be in the veld than bkduhrabgc
dpymexjq is a lion, auuyiuaqj is a owl, so dpymexjq is not less likely to be in the veld than auuyiuaqj
zlgaifpxblm is a lion, iltvikjyrsjz is a owl, so iltvikjyrsjz is not more likely to be in the veld than zlgaifpxblm
ohuzyhfx is a lion, txyu is a owl, so txyu is not more likely to be in the veld than ohuzyhfx
urffmxh is a lion, cutdhszt is a owl, so cutdhszt is not more likely to be in the veld than urffmxh
bkduhrabgc is a lion, habexngug is a owl, so habexngug is not more likely to be in the veld than bkduhrabgc
auuyiuaqj is a lion, dpymexjq is a owl, so dpymexjq is not more likely to be in the veld than auuyiuaqj
tiyyro is a squirrel, hhiqjso is a crocodile, so tiyyro is more likely to be in the yard than hhiqjso
wfwqtv is a squirrel, yjeeiotjjmc is a crocodile, so wfwqtv is more likely to be in the yard than yjeeiotjjmc
dkatugcmr is a squirrel, zpzl is a crocodile, so dkatugcmr is more likely to be in the yard than zpzl
dsgtqfqwrx is a squirrel, zwphnmrk is a crocodile, so dsgtqfqwrx is more likely to be in the yard than zwphnmrk
pifewqmgp is a squirrel, twemu is a crocodile, so pifewqmgp is more likely to be in the yard than twemu
tiyyro is a squirrel, hhiqjso is a crocodile, so hhiqjso is less likely to be in the yard than tiyyro
wfwqtv is a squirrel, yjeeiotjjmc is a crocodile, so yjeeiotjjmc is less likely to be in the yard than wfwqtv
dkatugcmr is a squirrel, zpzl is a crocodile, so zpzl is less likely to be in the yard than dkatugcmr
dsgtqfqwrx is a squirrel, zwphnmrk is a crocodile, so zwphnmrk is less likely to be in the yard than dsgtqfqwrx
pifewqmgp is a squirrel, twemu is a crocodile, so twemu is less likely to be in the yard than pifewqmgp
ntfhgzllt is a squirrel, cmvtgyke is a crocodile, so ntfhgzllt is not more likely to be in the yard than cmvtgyke
jrh is a squirrel, muyvhovzjm is a crocodile, so jrh is not more likely to be in the yard than muyvhovzjm
brkyeabvwim is a squirrel, ahekjvdwtm is a crocodile, so brkyeabvwim is not more likely to be in the yard than ahekjvdwtm
uqmnfx is a squirrel, zgkxhev is a crocodile, so uqmnfx is not more likely to be in the yard than zgkxhev
tzjfziopvwer is a squirrel, htixlel is a crocodile, so tzjfziopvwer is not more likely to be in the yard than htixlel
cmvtgyke is a squirrel, ntfhgzllt is a crocodile, so ntfhgzllt is not more likely to be in the yard than cmvtgyke
muyvhovzjm is a squirrel, jrh is a crocodile, so jrh is not more likely to be in the yard than muyvhovzjm
ahekjvdwtm is a squirrel, brkyeabvwim is a crocodile, so brkyeabvwim is not more likely to be in the yard than ahekjvdwtm
zgkxhev is a squirrel, uqmnfx is a crocodile, so uqmnfx is not more likely to be in the yard than zgkxhev
htixlel is a squirrel, tzjfziopvwer is a crocodile, so tzjfziopvwer is not more likely to be in the yard than htixlel
ueslazkmbmq is a owl, objzwtxy is a alligator, so ueslazkmbmq is less likely to rest during the day than objzwtxy
yen is a owl, unbhovbn is a alligator, so yen is less likely to rest during the day than unbhovbn
lqyshl is a owl, akrorvfgwzj is a alligator, so lqyshl is less likely to rest during the day than akrorvfgwzj
tuitqnkgvh is a owl, ohdnylnpy is a alligator, so tuitqnkgvh is less likely to rest during the day than ohdnylnpy
yjibif is a owl, hvjywgoay is a alligator, so yjibif is less likely to rest during the day than hvjywgoay
ueslazkmbmq is a owl, objzwtxy is a alligator, so objzwtxy is less likely to rest during the day than ueslazkmbmq
yen is a owl, unbhovbn is a alligator, so unbhovbn is less likely to rest during the day than yen
lqyshl is a owl, akrorvfgwzj is a alligator, so akrorvfgwzj is less likely to rest during the day than lqyshl
tuitqnkgvh is a owl, ohdnylnpy is a alligator, so ohdnylnpy is less likely to rest during the day than tuitqnkgvh
yjibif is a owl, hvjywgoay is a alligator, so hvjywgoay is less likely to rest during the day than yjibif
dcprj is a owl, qycjgkpw is a alligator, so dcprj is not less likely to rest during the day than qycjgkpw
qfmudygd is a owl, jdcgjamqpiz is a alligator, so qfmudygd is not less likely to rest during the day than jdcgjamqpiz
zenuv is a owl, xzyxxvnkhlga is a alligator, so zenuv is not less likely to rest during the day than xzyxxvnkhlga
mpuiacr is a owl, pqurvgrmuj is a alligator, so mpuiacr is not less likely to rest during the day than pqurvgrmuj
wyigylvxqcti is a owl, uwexxxwajag is a alligator, so wyigylvxqcti is not less likely to rest during the day than uwexxxwajag
qycjgkpw is a owl, dcprj is a alligator, so dcprj is not more likely to rest during the day than qycjgkpw
jdcgjamqpiz is a owl, qfmudygd is a alligator, so qfmudygd is not more likely to rest during the day than jdcgjamqpiz
xzyxxvnkhlga is a owl, zenuv is a alligator, so zenuv is not more likely to rest during the day than xzyxxvnkhlga
pqurvgrmuj is a owl, mpuiacr is a alligator, so mpuiacr is not more likely to rest during the day than pqurvgrmuj
uwexxxwajag is a owl, wyigylvxqcti is a alligator, so wyigylvxqcti is not more likely to rest during the day than uwexxxwajag
xrmpyu is a rabbit, ydavonkkdz is a scorpion, so xrmpyu is less likely to bite your hand than ydavonkkdz
xbutuntkhsap is a rabbit, feprjo is a scorpion, so xbutuntkhsap is less likely to bite your hand than feprjo
jbyst is a rabbit, amltaunwnlgx is a scorpion, so jbyst is less likely to bite your hand than amltaunwnlgx
yaouv is a rabbit, fjeznf is a scorpion, so yaouv is less likely to bite your hand than fjeznf
patfaztwdbl is a rabbit, xpzofj is a scorpion, so patfaztwdbl is less likely to bite your hand than xpzofj
xrmpyu is a rabbit, ydavonkkdz is a scorpion, so ydavonkkdz is less likely to bite your hand than xrmpyu
xbutuntkhsap is a rabbit, feprjo is a scorpion, so feprjo is less likely to bite your hand than xbutuntkhsap
jbyst is a rabbit, amltaunwnlgx is a scorpion, so amltaunwnlgx is less likely to bite your hand than jbyst
yaouv is a rabbit, fjeznf is a scorpion, so fjeznf is less likely to bite your hand than yaouv
patfaztwdbl is a rabbit, xpzofj is a scorpion, so xpzofj is less likely to bite your hand than patfaztwdbl
lxkuoqmmhi is a rabbit, yioi is a scorpion, so lxkuoqmmhi is not less likely to bite your hand than yioi
hyhwydzxxh is a rabbit, dweyjrfdvh is a scorpion, so hyhwydzxxh is not less likely to bite your hand than dweyjrfdvh
yimri is a rabbit, csiilwb is a scorpion, so yimri is not less likely to bite your hand than csiilwb
pxz is a rabbit, wrvuox is a scorpion, so pxz is not less likely to bite your hand than wrvuox
cyhfdslicdpj is a rabbit, vlwvjpzdthn is a scorpion, so cyhfdslicdpj is not less likely to bite your hand than vlwvjpzdthn
yioi is a rabbit, lxkuoqmmhi is a scorpion, so lxkuoqmmhi is not more likely to bite your hand than yioi
dweyjrfdvh is a rabbit, hyhwydzxxh is a scorpion, so hyhwydzxxh is not more likely to bite your hand than dweyjrfdvh
csiilwb is a rabbit, yimri is a scorpion, so yimri is not more likely to bite your hand than csiilwb
wrvuox is a rabbit, pxz is a scorpion, so pxz is not more likely to bite your hand than wrvuox
vlwvjpzdthn is a rabbit, cyhfdslicdpj is a scorpion, so cyhfdslicdpj is not more likely to bite your hand than vlwvjpzdthn
nzo is a bear, pobyeas is a alligator, so nzo is more likely to swim than pobyeas
prowyvokdz is a bear, ednq is a alligator, so prowyvokdz is more likely to swim than ednq
dcoep is a bear, wommcbqtqt is a alligator, so dcoep is more likely to swim than wommcbqtqt
mhrogbv is a bear, cjnybej is a alligator, so mhrogbv is more likely to swim than cjnybej
euaolfjkqofp is a bear, tofelnuf is a alligator, so euaolfjkqofp is more likely to swim than tofelnuf
nzo is a bear, pobyeas is a alligator, so pobyeas is less likely to swim than nzo
prowyvokdz is a bear, ednq is a alligator, so ednq is less likely to swim than prowyvokdz
dcoep is a bear, wommcbqtqt is a alligator, so wommcbqtqt is less likely to swim than dcoep
mhrogbv is a bear, cjnybej is a alligator, so cjnybej is less likely to swim than mhrogbv
euaolfjkqofp is a bear, tofelnuf is a alligator, so tofelnuf is less likely to swim than euaolfjkqofp
iya is a bear, seevgmx is a alligator, so iya is not less likely to swim than seevgmx
rltgag is a bear, qvgq is a alligator, so rltgag is not less likely to swim than qvgq
exhlbhb is a bear, yeftaal is a alligator, so exhlbhb is not less likely to swim than yeftaal
eicynvimjjz is a bear, wtnubdkg is a alligator, so eicynvimjjz is not less likely to swim than wtnubdkg
llgtordeg is a bear, bugyvbe is a alligator, so llgtordeg is not less likely to swim than bugyvbe
seevgmx is a bear, iya is a alligator, so iya is not more likely to swim than seevgmx
qvgq is a bear, rltgag is a alligator, so rltgag is not more likely to swim than qvgq
yeftaal is a bear, exhlbhb is a alligator, so exhlbhb is not more likely to swim than yeftaal
wtnubdkg is a bear, eicynvimjjz is a alligator, so eicynvimjjz is not more likely to swim than wtnubdkg
bugyvbe is a bear, llgtordeg is a alligator, so llgtordeg is not more likely to swim than bugyvbe
lgygqpwqlhx is a monkey, sulazx is a snail, so lgygqpwqlhx is more likely to move from one tree to another than sulazx
fuorncmxfm is a monkey, rjpjtzcq is a snail, so fuorncmxfm is more likely to move from one tree to another than rjpjtzcq
ufeerfzp is a monkey, kcydtxekcj is a snail, so ufeerfzp is more likely to move from one tree to another than kcydtxekcj
veyqakobg is a monkey, kdpnhxrhwt is a snail, so veyqakobg is more likely to move from one tree to another than kdpnhxrhwt
lkpcbefakcdq is a monkey, ize is a snail, so lkpcbefakcdq is more likely to move from one tree to another than ize
lgygqpwqlhx is a monkey, sulazx is a snail, so sulazx is less likely to move from one tree to another than lgygqpwqlhx
fuorncmxfm is a monkey, rjpjtzcq is a snail, so rjpjtzcq is less likely to move from one tree to another than fuorncmxfm
ufeerfzp is a monkey, kcydtxekcj is a snail, so kcydtxekcj is less likely to move from one tree to another than ufeerfzp
veyqakobg is a monkey, kdpnhxrhwt is a snail, so kdpnhxrhwt is less likely to move from one tree to another than veyqakobg
lkpcbefakcdq is a monkey, ize is a snail, so ize is less likely to move from one tree to another than lkpcbefakcdq
xni is a monkey, kgptvm is a snail, so xni is not less likely to move from one tree to another than kgptvm
frhnctbygs is a monkey, zanalwbi is a snail, so frhnctbygs is not less likely to move from one tree to another than zanalwbi
movaiw is a monkey, hvwquf is a snail, so movaiw is not less likely to move from one tree to another than hvwquf
uupoom is a monkey, uuhp is a snail, so uupoom is not less likely to move from one tree to another than uuhp
selxgwunvsz is a monkey, wrpft is a snail, so selxgwunvsz is not less likely to move from one tree to another than wrpft
kgptvm is a monkey, xni is a snail, so xni is not more likely to move from one tree to another than kgptvm
zanalwbi is a monkey, frhnctbygs is a snail, so frhnctbygs is not more likely to move from one tree to another than zanalwbi
hvwquf is a monkey, movaiw is a snail, so movaiw is not more likely to move from one tree to another than hvwquf
uuhp is a monkey, uupoom is a snail, so uupoom is not more likely to move from one tree to another than uuhp
wrpft is a monkey, selxgwunvsz is a snail, so selxgwunvsz is not more likely to move from one tree to another than wrpft
etufmw is a squirrel, kwadvrxixxlw is a eagle, so etufmw is more likely to be in a park than kwadvrxixxlw
utb is a squirrel, sfbdahrhmxi is a eagle, so utb is more likely to be in a park than sfbdahrhmxi
wcpjwfyh is a squirrel, frmgzclxeb is a eagle, so wcpjwfyh is more likely to be in a park than frmgzclxeb
uoleemotf is a squirrel, xdeqraemk is a eagle, so uoleemotf is more likely to be in a park than xdeqraemk
lluldl is a squirrel, cknfhgcet is a eagle, so lluldl is more likely to be in a park than cknfhgcet
etufmw is a squirrel, kwadvrxixxlw is a eagle, so kwadvrxixxlw is less likely to be in a park than etufmw
utb is a squirrel, sfbdahrhmxi is a eagle, so sfbdahrhmxi is less likely to be in a park than utb
wcpjwfyh is a squirrel, frmgzclxeb is a eagle, so frmgzclxeb is less likely to be in a park than wcpjwfyh
uoleemotf is a squirrel, xdeqraemk is a eagle, so xdeqraemk is less likely to be in a park than uoleemotf
lluldl is a squirrel, cknfhgcet is a eagle, so cknfhgcet is less likely to be in a park than lluldl
wsoexbih is a squirrel, pmaskpo is a eagle, so wsoexbih is not less likely to be in a park than pmaskpo
vvyh is a squirrel, mxvnaouwvrg is a eagle, so vvyh is not less likely to be in a park than mxvnaouwvrg
dzaa is a squirrel, kzjemd is a eagle, so dzaa is not less likely to be in a park than kzjemd
mnpyc is a squirrel, uqwcuabg is a eagle, so mnpyc is not less likely to be in a park than uqwcuabg
vyxxnqj is a squirrel, xfapgj is a eagle, so vyxxnqj is not less likely to be in a park than xfapgj
pmaskpo is a squirrel, wsoexbih is a eagle, so wsoexbih is not more likely to be in a park than pmaskpo
mxvnaouwvrg is a squirrel, vvyh is a eagle, so vvyh is not more likely to be in a park than mxvnaouwvrg
kzjemd is a squirrel, dzaa is a eagle, so dzaa is not more likely to be in a park than kzjemd
uqwcuabg is a squirrel, mnpyc is a eagle, so mnpyc is not more likely to be in a park than uqwcuabg
xfapgj is a squirrel, vyxxnqj is a eagle, so vyxxnqj is not more likely to be in a park than xfapgj
bkjliix is a rat, jrgztbddmax is a owl, so bkjliix is more likely to press a lever than jrgztbddmax
vilhovn is a rat, gmbfdsqoqc is a owl, so vilhovn is more likely to press a lever than gmbfdsqoqc
zlyqcexl is a rat, kmsuuhwtzsg is a owl, so zlyqcexl is more likely to press a lever than kmsuuhwtzsg
fnffnarr is a rat, clyhzrak is a owl, so fnffnarr is more likely to press a lever than clyhzrak
enpiszexj is a rat, yquyqugqxih is a owl, so enpiszexj is more likely to press a lever than yquyqugqxih
bkjliix is a rat, jrgztbddmax is a owl, so jrgztbddmax is less likely to press a lever than bkjliix
vilhovn is a rat, gmbfdsqoqc is a owl, so gmbfdsqoqc is less likely to press a lever than vilhovn
zlyqcexl is a rat, kmsuuhwtzsg is a owl, so kmsuuhwtzsg is less likely to press a lever than zlyqcexl
fnffnarr is a rat, clyhzrak is a owl, so clyhzrak is less likely to press a lever than fnffnarr
enpiszexj is a rat, yquyqugqxih is a owl, so yquyqugqxih is less likely to press a lever than enpiszexj
cggd is a rat, rnwihno is a owl, so cggd is not more likely to press a lever than rnwihno
bbjbxcvy is a rat, uyjlmxzhpvs is a owl, so bbjbxcvy is not more likely to press a lever than uyjlmxzhpvs
hcdozghika is a rat, kgl is a owl, so hcdozghika is not more likely to press a lever than kgl
juvqzyqtzf is a rat, rpehsm is a owl, so juvqzyqtzf is not more likely to press a lever than rpehsm
uzrcwm is a rat, ihhwcdj is a owl, so uzrcwm is not more likely to press a lever than ihhwcdj
rnwihno is a rat, cggd is a owl, so cggd is not more likely to press a lever than rnwihno
uyjlmxzhpvs is a rat, bbjbxcvy is a owl, so bbjbxcvy is not more likely to press a lever than uyjlmxzhpvs
kgl is a rat, hcdozghika is a owl, so hcdozghika is not more likely to press a lever than kgl
rpehsm is a rat, juvqzyqtzf is a owl, so juvqzyqtzf is not more likely to press a lever than rpehsm
ihhwcdj is a rat, uzrcwm is a owl, so uzrcwm is not more likely to press a lever than ihhwcdj
dbqinwockjqx is a bird, yrnrodye is a owl, so dbqinwockjqx is more likely to be in a nest than yrnrodye
uvcoeydddl is a bird, bclzhjffh is a owl, so uvcoeydddl is more likely to be in a nest than bclzhjffh
jkepgioosa is a bird, jjok is a owl, so jkepgioosa is more likely to be in a nest than jjok
enqorolhwgq is a bird, bpumkkaz is a owl, so enqorolhwgq is more likely to be in a nest than bpumkkaz
yko is a bird, culfem is a owl, so yko is more likely to be in a nest than culfem
dbqinwockjqx is a bird, yrnrodye is a owl, so yrnrodye is less likely to be in a nest than dbqinwockjqx
uvcoeydddl is a bird, bclzhjffh is a owl, so bclzhjffh is less likely to be in a nest than uvcoeydddl
jkepgioosa is a bird, jjok is a owl, so jjok is less likely to be in a nest than jkepgioosa
enqorolhwgq is a bird, bpumkkaz is a owl, so bpumkkaz is less likely to be in a nest than enqorolhwgq
yko is a bird, culfem is a owl, so culfem is less likely to be in a nest than yko
rnvq is a bird, bpm is a owl, so rnvq is not less likely to be in a nest than bpm
dmf is a bird, jehlswsyce is a owl, so dmf is not less likely to be in a nest than jehlswsyce
fsbhzaxuxpuz is a bird, vnycuruaj is a owl, so fsbhzaxuxpuz is not less likely to be in a nest than vnycuruaj
qtywvqxozjr is a bird, kpijmsk is a owl, so qtywvqxozjr is not less likely to be in a nest than kpijmsk
beao is a bird, egl is a owl, so beao is not less likely to be in a nest than egl
bpm is a bird, rnvq is a owl, so rnvq is not more likely to be in a nest than bpm
jehlswsyce is a bird, dmf is a owl, so dmf is not more likely to be in a nest than jehlswsyce
vnycuruaj is a bird, fsbhzaxuxpuz is a owl, so fsbhzaxuxpuz is not more likely to be in a nest than vnycuruaj
kpijmsk is a bird, qtywvqxozjr is a owl, so qtywvqxozjr is not more likely to be in a nest than kpijmsk
egl is a bird, beao is a owl, so beao is not more likely to be in a nest than egl
xqk is a monkey, xhmnhvnh is a tiger, so xqk is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than xhmnhvnh
owpgnpfrtcjb is a monkey, oih is a tiger, so owpgnpfrtcjb is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than oih
hotwq is a monkey, uqzmwruinhxb is a tiger, so hotwq is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than uqzmwruinhxb
ebeugqkdghhb is a monkey, pecj is a tiger, so ebeugqkdghhb is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than pecj
pstovohnzh is a monkey, htkppfsrszym is a tiger, so pstovohnzh is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than htkppfsrszym
xqk is a monkey, xhmnhvnh is a tiger, so xhmnhvnh is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than xqk
owpgnpfrtcjb is a monkey, oih is a tiger, so oih is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than owpgnpfrtcjb
hotwq is a monkey, uqzmwruinhxb is a tiger, so uqzmwruinhxb is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than hotwq
ebeugqkdghhb is a monkey, pecj is a tiger, so pecj is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ebeugqkdghhb
pstovohnzh is a monkey, htkppfsrszym is a tiger, so htkppfsrszym is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than pstovohnzh
jup is a monkey, ffvf is a tiger, so jup is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ffvf
zuehcuhjnikg is a monkey, fqbjqatgvltj is a tiger, so zuehcuhjnikg is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than fqbjqatgvltj
locyi is a monkey, onxqhdzfpo is a tiger, so locyi is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than onxqhdzfpo
nptrhlgmb is a monkey, avo is a tiger, so nptrhlgmb is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than avo
uibvpeiyw is a monkey, ymyrqetylxa is a tiger, so uibvpeiyw is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ymyrqetylxa
ffvf is a monkey, jup is a tiger, so jup is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ffvf
fqbjqatgvltj is a monkey, zuehcuhjnikg is a tiger, so zuehcuhjnikg is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than fqbjqatgvltj
onxqhdzfpo is a monkey, locyi is a tiger, so locyi is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than onxqhdzfpo
avo is a monkey, nptrhlgmb is a tiger, so nptrhlgmb is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than avo
ymyrqetylxa is a monkey, uibvpeiyw is a tiger, so uibvpeiyw is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ymyrqetylxa
cqzcvhzly is a turtle, rpgagby is a dog, so cqzcvhzly is more likely to hide in its shell than rpgagby
rcfpqcflawi is a turtle, dywxrvvjmg is a dog, so rcfpqcflawi is more likely to hide in its shell than dywxrvvjmg
ecriqlfninyw is a turtle, aujlvlvlvlck is a dog, so ecriqlfninyw is more likely to hide in its shell than aujlvlvlvlck
azjemzcb is a turtle, xnl is a dog, so azjemzcb is more likely to hide in its shell than xnl
qflnje is a turtle, ccajhml is a dog, so qflnje is more likely to hide in its shell than ccajhml
cqzcvhzly is a turtle, rpgagby is a dog, so rpgagby is less likely to hide in its shell than cqzcvhzly
rcfpqcflawi is a turtle, dywxrvvjmg is a dog, so dywxrvvjmg is less likely to hide in its shell than rcfpqcflawi
ecriqlfninyw is a turtle, aujlvlvlvlck is a dog, so aujlvlvlvlck is less likely to hide in its shell than ecriqlfninyw
azjemzcb is a turtle, xnl is a dog, so xnl is less likely to hide in its shell than azjemzcb
qflnje is a turtle, ccajhml is a dog, so ccajhml is less likely to hide in its shell than qflnje
fewthmkqzkkk is a turtle, zspkscuaavva is a dog, so fewthmkqzkkk is not less likely to hide in its shell than zspkscuaavva
eiejqz is a turtle, jxvomin is a dog, so eiejqz is not less likely to hide in its shell than jxvomin
ycagdu is a turtle, ucukzdtlzxk is a dog, so ycagdu is not less likely to hide in its shell than ucukzdtlzxk
unkavynag is a turtle, wuge is a dog, so unkavynag is not less likely to hide in its shell than wuge
mupbmslfbvkb is a turtle, fdizd is a dog, so mupbmslfbvkb is not less likely to hide in its shell than fdizd
zspkscuaavva is a turtle, fewthmkqzkkk is a dog, so fewthmkqzkkk is not more likely to hide in its shell than zspkscuaavva
jxvomin is a turtle, eiejqz is a dog, so eiejqz is not more likely to hide in its shell than jxvomin
ucukzdtlzxk is a turtle, ycagdu is a dog, so ycagdu is not more likely to hide in its shell than ucukzdtlzxk
wuge is a turtle, unkavynag is a dog, so unkavynag is not more likely to hide in its shell than wuge
fdizd is a turtle, mupbmslfbvkb is a dog, so mupbmslfbvkb is not more likely to hide in its shell than fdizd
huiumo is a cat, kdnxlh is a giraffe, so huiumo is more likely to look at a king than kdnxlh
penit is a cat, oqgxhel is a giraffe, so penit is more likely to look at a king than oqgxhel
eiuks is a cat, wswd is a giraffe, so eiuks is more likely to look at a king than wswd
tjjdsfrsxsf is a cat, hojgyqa is a giraffe, so tjjdsfrsxsf is more likely to look at a king than hojgyqa
yqwjdk is a cat, dmv is a giraffe, so yqwjdk is more likely to look at a king than dmv
huiumo is a cat, kdnxlh is a giraffe, so kdnxlh is less likely to look at a king than huiumo
penit is a cat, oqgxhel is a giraffe, so oqgxhel is less likely to look at a king than penit
eiuks is a cat, wswd is a giraffe, so wswd is less likely to look at a king than eiuks
tjjdsfrsxsf is a cat, hojgyqa is a giraffe, so hojgyqa is less likely to look at a king than tjjdsfrsxsf
yqwjdk is a cat, dmv is a giraffe, so dmv is less likely to look at a king than yqwjdk
hyrcg is a cat, xjpv is a giraffe, so hyrcg is not less likely to look at a king than xjpv
aoseqbdkao is a cat, fifmhg is a giraffe, so aoseqbdkao is not less likely to look at a king than fifmhg
kdwi is a cat, ankzsahox is a giraffe, so kdwi is not less likely to look at a king than ankzsahox
hsnsiuseh is a cat, hlsempqfrwr is a giraffe, so hsnsiuseh is not less likely to look at a king than hlsempqfrwr
soahogfcgykk is a cat, yjlof is a giraffe, so soahogfcgykk is not less likely to look at a king than yjlof
xjpv is a cat, hyrcg is a giraffe, so hyrcg is not more likely to look at a king than xjpv
fifmhg is a cat, aoseqbdkao is a giraffe, so aoseqbdkao is not more likely to look at a king than fifmhg
ankzsahox is a cat, kdwi is a giraffe, so kdwi is not more likely to look at a king than ankzsahox
hlsempqfrwr is a cat, hsnsiuseh is a giraffe, so hsnsiuseh is not more likely to look at a king than hlsempqfrwr
yjlof is a cat, soahogfcgykk is a giraffe, so soahogfcgykk is not more likely to look at a king than yjlof
bynanfwjsk is a cat, ljlcqnhkj is a cow, so bynanfwjsk is more likely to hunt mice than ljlcqnhkj
getiteul is a cat, udqdzrgaxj is a cow, so getiteul is more likely to hunt mice than udqdzrgaxj
fqgbucktsy is a cat, zcnaaftvx is a cow, so fqgbucktsy is more likely to hunt mice than zcnaaftvx
jyjj is a cat, snvjgctwpxu is a cow, so jyjj is more likely to hunt mice than snvjgctwpxu
njlors is a cat, gyvn is a cow, so njlors is more likely to hunt mice than gyvn
bynanfwjsk is a cat, ljlcqnhkj is a cow, so ljlcqnhkj is less likely to hunt mice than bynanfwjsk
getiteul is a cat, udqdzrgaxj is a cow, so udqdzrgaxj is less likely to hunt mice than getiteul
fqgbucktsy is a cat, zcnaaftvx is a cow, so zcnaaftvx is less likely to hunt mice than fqgbucktsy
jyjj is a cat, snvjgctwpxu is a cow, so snvjgctwpxu is less likely to hunt mice than jyjj
njlors is a cat, gyvn is a cow, so gyvn is less likely to hunt mice than njlors
fxwthsy is a cat, fhnpnuszvdhe is a cow, so fxwthsy is not less likely to hunt mice than fhnpnuszvdhe
raloero is a cat, qrtqutsghel is a cow, so raloero is not less likely to hunt mice than qrtqutsghel
igqnxitv is a cat, dkgialovu is a cow, so igqnxitv is not less likely to hunt mice than dkgialovu
efdpparz is a cat, mxnj is a cow, so efdpparz is not less likely to hunt mice than mxnj
vhvgnwhrygpm is a cat, xzlwpe is a cow, so vhvgnwhrygpm is not less likely to hunt mice than xzlwpe
fhnpnuszvdhe is a cat, fxwthsy is a cow, so fxwthsy is not more likely to hunt mice than fhnpnuszvdhe
qrtqutsghel is a cat, raloero is a cow, so raloero is not more likely to hunt mice than qrtqutsghel
dkgialovu is a cat, igqnxitv is a cow, so igqnxitv is not more likely to hunt mice than dkgialovu
mxnj is a cat, efdpparz is a cow, so efdpparz is not more likely to hunt mice than mxnj
xzlwpe is a cat, vhvgnwhrygpm is a cow, so vhvgnwhrygpm is not more likely to hunt mice than xzlwpe
xqzygdjvuns is a rabbit, mfafvsl is a seal, so xqzygdjvuns is more likely to move fast than mfafvsl
uvdxd is a rabbit, bnknyotldeog is a seal, so uvdxd is more likely to move fast than bnknyotldeog
xtsleur is a rabbit, mgmazonoookf is a seal, so xtsleur is more likely to move fast than mgmazonoookf
fiddcnbfggvy is a rabbit, etycpyggucz is a seal, so fiddcnbfggvy is more likely to move fast than etycpyggucz
rymfkac is a rabbit, wwjhfqdrfx is a seal, so rymfkac is more likely to move fast than wwjhfqdrfx
xqzygdjvuns is a rabbit, mfafvsl is a seal, so mfafvsl is more likely to move fast than xqzygdjvuns
uvdxd is a rabbit, bnknyotldeog is a seal, so bnknyotldeog is more likely to move fast than uvdxd
xtsleur is a rabbit, mgmazonoookf is a seal, so mgmazonoookf is more likely to move fast than xtsleur
fiddcnbfggvy is a rabbit, etycpyggucz is a seal, so etycpyggucz is more likely to move fast than fiddcnbfggvy
rymfkac is a rabbit, wwjhfqdrfx is a seal, so wwjhfqdrfx is more likely to move fast than rymfkac
emm is a rabbit, poshoo is a seal, so emm is not less likely to move fast than poshoo
agiqgy is a rabbit, qumkhkj is a seal, so agiqgy is not less likely to move fast than qumkhkj
wsetq is a rabbit, kletgkqdr is a seal, so wsetq is not less likely to move fast than kletgkqdr
zplmzpjmbilw is a rabbit, ruexj is a seal, so zplmzpjmbilw is not less likely to move fast than ruexj
mhpdjppszat is a rabbit, ajcuaso is a seal, so mhpdjppszat is not less likely to move fast than ajcuaso
poshoo is a rabbit, emm is a seal, so emm is not more likely to move fast than poshoo
qumkhkj is a rabbit, agiqgy is a seal, so agiqgy is not more likely to move fast than qumkhkj
kletgkqdr is a rabbit, wsetq is a seal, so wsetq is not more likely to move fast than kletgkqdr
ruexj is a rabbit, zplmzpjmbilw is a seal, so zplmzpjmbilw is not more likely to move fast than ruexj
ajcuaso is a rabbit, mhpdjppszat is a seal, so mhpdjppszat is not more likely to move fast than ajcuaso
ivgvis is a bee, oooaxr is a lobster, so ivgvis is more likely to be in any garden than oooaxr
phoxpbtaxbrq is a bee, atseegc is a lobster, so phoxpbtaxbrq is more likely to be in any garden than atseegc
gupyjxl is a bee, zpxlrmrc is a lobster, so gupyjxl is more likely to be in any garden than zpxlrmrc
iquhosu is a bee, mkvsrsu is a lobster, so iquhosu is more likely to be in any garden than mkvsrsu
eqjcjzouwwoo is a bee, fvgvari is a lobster, so eqjcjzouwwoo is more likely to be in any garden than fvgvari
ivgvis is a bee, oooaxr is a lobster, so oooaxr is less likely to be in any garden than ivgvis
phoxpbtaxbrq is a bee, atseegc is a lobster, so atseegc is less likely to be in any garden than phoxpbtaxbrq
gupyjxl is a bee, zpxlrmrc is a lobster, so zpxlrmrc is less likely to be in any garden than gupyjxl
iquhosu is a bee, mkvsrsu is a lobster, so mkvsrsu is less likely to be in any garden than iquhosu
eqjcjzouwwoo is a bee, fvgvari is a lobster, so fvgvari is less likely to be in any garden than eqjcjzouwwoo
jtzvjzhexrwc is a bee, xekc is a lobster, so jtzvjzhexrwc is not less likely to be in any garden than xekc
xlrehukhndo is a bee, psddsvygmgn is a lobster, so xlrehukhndo is not less likely to be in any garden than psddsvygmgn
zloarmvoy is a bee, tvuqjrmnxseq is a lobster, so zloarmvoy is not less likely to be in any garden than tvuqjrmnxseq
cnut is a bee, tdelvnqerhn is a lobster, so cnut is not less likely to be in any garden than tdelvnqerhn
moqqvl is a bee, palhgp is a lobster, so moqqvl is not less likely to be in any garden than palhgp
xekc is a bee, jtzvjzhexrwc is a lobster, so jtzvjzhexrwc is not more likely to be in any garden than xekc
psddsvygmgn is a bee, xlrehukhndo is a lobster, so xlrehukhndo is not more likely to be in any garden than psddsvygmgn
tvuqjrmnxseq is a bee, zloarmvoy is a lobster, so zloarmvoy is not more likely to be in any garden than tvuqjrmnxseq
tdelvnqerhn is a bee, cnut is a lobster, so cnut is not more likely to be in any garden than tdelvnqerhn
palhgp is a bee, moqqvl is a lobster, so moqqvl is not more likely to be in any garden than palhgp
xuyertwi is a wolf, jnc is a dog, so xuyertwi is more likely to mother its cub than jnc
cxowblzx is a wolf, vbt is a dog, so cxowblzx is more likely to mother its cub than vbt
rgvvnrykq is a wolf, taku is a dog, so rgvvnrykq is more likely to mother its cub than taku
ulfgcmkfuvno is a wolf, vrqptugfmv is a dog, so ulfgcmkfuvno is more likely to mother its cub than vrqptugfmv
tealinrevwt is a wolf, mpojqwqyy is a dog, so tealinrevwt is more likely to mother its cub than mpojqwqyy
xuyertwi is a wolf, jnc is a dog, so jnc is less likely to mother its cub than xuyertwi
cxowblzx is a wolf, vbt is a dog, so vbt is less likely to mother its cub than cxowblzx
rgvvnrykq is a wolf, taku is a dog, so taku is less likely to mother its cub than rgvvnrykq
ulfgcmkfuvno is a wolf, vrqptugfmv is a dog, so vrqptugfmv is less likely to mother its cub than ulfgcmkfuvno
tealinrevwt is a wolf, mpojqwqyy is a dog, so mpojqwqyy is less likely to mother its cub than tealinrevwt
qakirwt is a wolf, kgmangvhk is a dog, so qakirwt is not less likely to mother its cub than kgmangvhk
glosd is a wolf, jckmlkog is a dog, so glosd is not less likely to mother its cub than jckmlkog
zbeume is a wolf, tfba is a dog, so zbeume is not less likely to mother its cub than tfba
bqnlyqi is a wolf, nak is a dog, so bqnlyqi is not less likely to mother its cub than nak
qxpwazo is a wolf, tiqgofaalmlp is a dog, so qxpwazo is not less likely to mother its cub than tiqgofaalmlp
kgmangvhk is a wolf, qakirwt is a dog, so qakirwt is not more likely to mother its cub than kgmangvhk
jckmlkog is a wolf, glosd is a dog, so glosd is not more likely to mother its cub than jckmlkog
tfba is a wolf, zbeume is a dog, so zbeume is not more likely to mother its cub than tfba
nak is a wolf, bqnlyqi is a dog, so bqnlyqi is not more likely to mother its cub than nak
tiqgofaalmlp is a wolf, qxpwazo is a dog, so qxpwazo is not more likely to mother its cub than tiqgofaalmlp
nmgmlwou is a monkey, yygwebmzk is a scorpion, so nmgmlwou is less likely to use a tool than yygwebmzk
ciib is a monkey, ibedn is a scorpion, so ciib is less likely to use a tool than ibedn
ylcn is a monkey, htrddg is a scorpion, so ylcn is less likely to use a tool than htrddg
ticvbamnvkz is a monkey, vfy is a scorpion, so ticvbamnvkz is less likely to use a tool than vfy
naxuz is a monkey, qrj is a scorpion, so naxuz is less likely to use a tool than qrj
nmgmlwou is a monkey, yygwebmzk is a scorpion, so yygwebmzk is less likely to use a tool than nmgmlwou
ciib is a monkey, ibedn is a scorpion, so ibedn is less likely to use a tool than ciib
ylcn is a monkey, htrddg is a scorpion, so htrddg is less likely to use a tool than ylcn
ticvbamnvkz is a monkey, vfy is a scorpion, so vfy is less likely to use a tool than ticvbamnvkz
naxuz is a monkey, qrj is a scorpion, so qrj is less likely to use a tool than naxuz
kuqdligmfu is a monkey, jixannkpyuxf is a scorpion, so kuqdligmfu is not less likely to use a tool than jixannkpyuxf
tqh is a monkey, xylcfehxaad is a scorpion, so tqh is not less likely to use a tool than xylcfehxaad
nsvfj is a monkey, oxnc is a scorpion, so nsvfj is not less likely to use a tool than oxnc
bfowjeofzzxw is a monkey, mhmofoawo is a scorpion, so bfowjeofzzxw is not less likely to use a tool than mhmofoawo
yvmxyxkgm is a monkey, ajwfzhn is a scorpion, so yvmxyxkgm is not less likely to use a tool than ajwfzhn
jixannkpyuxf is a monkey, kuqdligmfu is a scorpion, so kuqdligmfu is not more likely to use a tool than jixannkpyuxf
xylcfehxaad is a monkey, tqh is a scorpion, so tqh is not more likely to use a tool than xylcfehxaad
oxnc is a monkey, nsvfj is a scorpion, so nsvfj is not more likely to use a tool than oxnc
mhmofoawo is a monkey, bfowjeofzzxw is a scorpion, so bfowjeofzzxw is not more likely to use a tool than mhmofoawo
ajwfzhn is a monkey, yvmxyxkgm is a scorpion, so yvmxyxkgm is not more likely to use a tool than ajwfzhn
dkdyxuinblcz is a monkey, ljsu is a fox, so dkdyxuinblcz is more likely to be in the rain forest than ljsu
rlyyocpaovz is a monkey, wxfhlwsdd is a fox, so rlyyocpaovz is more likely to be in the rain forest than wxfhlwsdd
qfcskjg is a monkey, vpzmpcrnkfks is a fox, so qfcskjg is more likely to be in the rain forest than vpzmpcrnkfks
otc is a monkey, jciveankyasd is a fox, so otc is more likely to be in the rain forest than jciveankyasd
llan is a monkey, owhtzbs is a fox, so llan is more likely to be in the rain forest than owhtzbs
dkdyxuinblcz is a monkey, ljsu is a fox, so ljsu is less likely to be in the rain forest than dkdyxuinblcz
rlyyocpaovz is a monkey, wxfhlwsdd is a fox, so wxfhlwsdd is less likely to be in the rain forest than rlyyocpaovz
qfcskjg is a monkey, vpzmpcrnkfks is a fox, so vpzmpcrnkfks is less likely to be in the rain forest than qfcskjg
otc is a monkey, jciveankyasd is a fox, so jciveankyasd is less likely to be in the rain forest than otc
llan is a monkey, owhtzbs is a fox, so owhtzbs is less likely to be in the rain forest than llan
aeqvmrt is a monkey, dhsgdyuaapw is a fox, so aeqvmrt is not less likely to be in the rain forest than dhsgdyuaapw
whxr is a monkey, xllnshnmgiki is a fox, so whxr is not less likely to be in the rain forest than xllnshnmgiki
xbqqtcrjsu is a monkey, bskjzzsbsq is a fox, so xbqqtcrjsu is not less likely to be in the rain forest than bskjzzsbsq
wefish is a monkey, alt is a fox, so wefish is not less likely to be in the rain forest than alt
vik is a monkey, msrzgnmhvm is a fox, so vik is not less likely to be in the rain forest than msrzgnmhvm
dhsgdyuaapw is a monkey, aeqvmrt is a fox, so aeqvmrt is not more likely to be in the rain forest than dhsgdyuaapw
xllnshnmgiki is a monkey, whxr is a fox, so whxr is not more likely to be in the rain forest than xllnshnmgiki
bskjzzsbsq is a monkey, xbqqtcrjsu is a fox, so xbqqtcrjsu is not more likely to be in the rain forest than bskjzzsbsq
alt is a monkey, wefish is a fox, so wefish is not more likely to be in the rain forest than alt
msrzgnmhvm is a monkey, vik is a fox, so vik is not more likely to be in the rain forest than msrzgnmhvm
clucarkgi is a dog, qjygc is a shark, so clucarkgi is more likely to be on the porch than qjygc
qlfhtwg is a dog, wbpsx is a shark, so qlfhtwg is more likely to be on the porch than wbpsx
vzzovtjs is a dog, tottwobrucu is a shark, so vzzovtjs is more likely to be on the porch than tottwobrucu
ppyct is a dog, ykt is a shark, so ppyct is more likely to be on the porch than ykt
ruel is a dog, qrih is a shark, so ruel is more likely to be on the porch than qrih
clucarkgi is a dog, qjygc is a shark, so qjygc is less likely to be on the porch than clucarkgi
qlfhtwg is a dog, wbpsx is a shark, so wbpsx is less likely to be on the porch than qlfhtwg
vzzovtjs is a dog, tottwobrucu is a shark, so tottwobrucu is less likely to be on the porch than vzzovtjs
ppyct is a dog, ykt is a shark, so ykt is less likely to be on the porch than ppyct
ruel is a dog, qrih is a shark, so qrih is less likely to be on the porch than ruel
evxgcycdqml is a dog, yybkdnuegfww is a shark, so evxgcycdqml is not less likely to be on the porch than yybkdnuegfww
mvytfzfbevm is a dog, lto is a shark, so mvytfzfbevm is not less likely to be on the porch than lto
zcpjr is a dog, lztvobzggb is a shark, so zcpjr is not less likely to be on the porch than lztvobzggb
wyubtxyb is a dog, ivhu is a shark, so wyubtxyb is not less likely to be on the porch than ivhu
lechm is a dog, zgybonmiqm is a shark, so lechm is not less likely to be on the porch than zgybonmiqm
yybkdnuegfww is a dog, evxgcycdqml is a shark, so evxgcycdqml is not more likely to be on the porch than yybkdnuegfww
lto is a dog, mvytfzfbevm is a shark, so mvytfzfbevm is not more likely to be on the porch than lto
lztvobzggb is a dog, zcpjr is a shark, so zcpjr is not more likely to be on the porch than lztvobzggb
ivhu is a dog, wyubtxyb is a shark, so wyubtxyb is not more likely to be on the porch than ivhu
zgybonmiqm is a dog, lechm is a shark, so lechm is not more likely to be on the porch than zgybonmiqm
sitwbvrxnaqu is a squirrel, kjaxhn is a turtle, so sitwbvrxnaqu is less likely to be in a park than kjaxhn
jzpjefs is a squirrel, sam is a turtle, so jzpjefs is less likely to be in a park than sam
zfdbrasptfto is a squirrel, hkca is a turtle, so zfdbrasptfto is less likely to be in a park than hkca
qretramupzbi is a squirrel, aewrd is a turtle, so qretramupzbi is less likely to be in a park than aewrd
jxmue is a squirrel, jnmxbsy is a turtle, so jxmue is less likely to be in a park than jnmxbsy
sitwbvrxnaqu is a squirrel, kjaxhn is a turtle, so kjaxhn is more likely to be in a park than sitwbvrxnaqu
jzpjefs is a squirrel, sam is a turtle, so sam is more likely to be in a park than jzpjefs
zfdbrasptfto is a squirrel, hkca is a turtle, so hkca is more likely to be in a park than zfdbrasptfto
qretramupzbi is a squirrel, aewrd is a turtle, so aewrd is more likely to be in a park than qretramupzbi
jxmue is a squirrel, jnmxbsy is a turtle, so jnmxbsy is more likely to be in a park than jxmue
yel is a squirrel, uuy is a turtle, so yel is not less likely to be in a park than uuy
anqt is a squirrel, hwdfb is a turtle, so anqt is not less likely to be in a park than hwdfb
tcbanea is a squirrel, ddmcvjtjpuoj is a turtle, so tcbanea is not less likely to be in a park than ddmcvjtjpuoj
owdafm is a squirrel, vclwpwpnyyh is a turtle, so owdafm is not less likely to be in a park than vclwpwpnyyh
dwp is a squirrel, sibvh is a turtle, so dwp is not less likely to be in a park than sibvh
uuy is a squirrel, yel is a turtle, so yel is not more likely to be in a park than uuy
hwdfb is a squirrel, anqt is a turtle, so anqt is not more likely to be in a park than hwdfb
ddmcvjtjpuoj is a squirrel, tcbanea is a turtle, so tcbanea is not more likely to be in a park than ddmcvjtjpuoj
vclwpwpnyyh is a squirrel, owdafm is a turtle, so owdafm is not more likely to be in a park than vclwpwpnyyh
sibvh is a squirrel, dwp is a turtle, so dwp is not more likely to be in a park than sibvh
kfsqxspu is a bee, caz is a scorpion, so kfsqxspu is more likely to sting a dog than caz
apev is a bee, iuqpwbve is a scorpion, so apev is more likely to sting a dog than iuqpwbve
wkflnwcjz is a bee, xzormoxlnzvp is a scorpion, so wkflnwcjz is more likely to sting a dog than xzormoxlnzvp
vovulqzp is a bee, ubqzjvvxvqr is a scorpion, so vovulqzp is more likely to sting a dog than ubqzjvvxvqr
utzvrhvirjsu is a bee, vfj is a scorpion, so utzvrhvirjsu is more likely to sting a dog than vfj
kfsqxspu is a bee, caz is a scorpion, so caz is less likely to try to sting a dog than kfsqxspu
apev is a bee, iuqpwbve is a scorpion, so iuqpwbve is less likely to try to sting a dog than apev
wkflnwcjz is a bee, xzormoxlnzvp is a scorpion, so xzormoxlnzvp is less likely to try to sting a dog than wkflnwcjz
vovulqzp is a bee, ubqzjvvxvqr is a scorpion, so ubqzjvvxvqr is less likely to try to sting a dog than vovulqzp
utzvrhvirjsu is a bee, vfj is a scorpion, so vfj is less likely to try to sting a dog than utzvrhvirjsu
zum is a bee, sxhbuywxho is a scorpion, so zum is not less likely to sting a dog than sxhbuywxho
zmovpx is a bee, livcj is a scorpion, so zmovpx is not less likely to sting a dog than livcj
sxdnlfznjnrs is a bee, bucqawwdf is a scorpion, so sxdnlfznjnrs is not less likely to sting a dog than bucqawwdf
nqzavnqr is a bee, rudiwqxodh is a scorpion, so nqzavnqr is not less likely to sting a dog than rudiwqxodh
wwkqruwnum is a bee, ysqdppe is a scorpion, so wwkqruwnum is not less likely to sting a dog than ysqdppe
sxhbuywxho is a bee, zum is a scorpion, so zum is not more likely to sting a dog than sxhbuywxho
livcj is a bee, zmovpx is a scorpion, so zmovpx is not more likely to sting a dog than livcj
bucqawwdf is a bee, sxdnlfznjnrs is a scorpion, so sxdnlfznjnrs is not more likely to sting a dog than bucqawwdf
rudiwqxodh is a bee, nqzavnqr is a scorpion, so nqzavnqr is not more likely to sting a dog than rudiwqxodh
ysqdppe is a bee, wwkqruwnum is a scorpion, so wwkqruwnum is not more likely to sting a dog than ysqdppe
grtqpobgvebp is a rat, rwl is a snail, so grtqpobgvebp is more likely to be in a maze than rwl
udoixgzwhi is a rat, xmoiq is a snail, so udoixgzwhi is more likely to be in a maze than xmoiq
lohdi is a rat, oei is a snail, so lohdi is more likely to be in a maze than oei
yhezeipdmjgt is a rat, zfu is a snail, so yhezeipdmjgt is more likely to be in a maze than zfu
qpbperkvle is a rat, wpjkjf is a snail, so qpbperkvle is more likely to be in a maze than wpjkjf
grtqpobgvebp is a rat, rwl is a snail, so rwl is less likely to be in a maze than grtqpobgvebp
udoixgzwhi is a rat, xmoiq is a snail, so xmoiq is less likely to be in a maze than udoixgzwhi
lohdi is a rat, oei is a snail, so oei is less likely to be in a maze than lohdi
yhezeipdmjgt is a rat, zfu is a snail, so zfu is less likely to be in a maze than yhezeipdmjgt
qpbperkvle is a rat, wpjkjf is a snail, so wpjkjf is less likely to be in a maze than qpbperkvle
vucsgrhl is a rat, glywespyah is a snail, so vucsgrhl is not less likely to be in a maze than glywespyah
pircdaaiwoxz is a rat, cmefasfrff is a snail, so pircdaaiwoxz is not less likely to be in a maze than cmefasfrff
ziqfpekx is a rat, viubxmr is a snail, so ziqfpekx is not less likely to be in a maze than viubxmr
umzhv is a rat, akyuqiqeiov is a snail, so umzhv is not less likely to be in a maze than akyuqiqeiov
vnpimvy is a rat, wbhjmetmrx is a snail, so vnpimvy is not less likely to be in a maze than wbhjmetmrx
glywespyah is a rat, vucsgrhl is a snail, so vucsgrhl is not more likely to be in a maze than glywespyah
cmefasfrff is a rat, pircdaaiwoxz is a snail, so pircdaaiwoxz is not more likely to be in a maze than cmefasfrff
viubxmr is a rat, ziqfpekx is a snail, so ziqfpekx is not more likely to be in a maze than viubxmr
akyuqiqeiov is a rat, umzhv is a snail, so umzhv is not more likely to be in a maze than akyuqiqeiov
wbhjmetmrx is a rat, vnpimvy is a snail, so vnpimvy is not more likely to be in a maze than wbhjmetmrx
kdxf is a sheep, dfgseutkn is a rat, so kdxf is more likely to live in a field than dfgseutkn
xgnoyqfdpkmj is a sheep, axficprofk is a rat, so xgnoyqfdpkmj is more likely to live in a field than axficprofk
ftyrm is a sheep, iywhhzgg is a rat, so ftyrm is more likely to live in a field than iywhhzgg
fngix is a sheep, lnos is a rat, so fngix is more likely to live in a field than lnos
kdvwur is a sheep, jdgcoixs is a rat, so kdvwur is more likely to live in a field than jdgcoixs
kdxf is a sheep, dfgseutkn is a rat, so dfgseutkn is less likely to live in a field than kdxf
xgnoyqfdpkmj is a sheep, axficprofk is a rat, so axficprofk is less likely to live in a field than xgnoyqfdpkmj
ftyrm is a sheep, iywhhzgg is a rat, so iywhhzgg is less likely to live in a field than ftyrm
fngix is a sheep, lnos is a rat, so lnos is less likely to live in a field than fngix
kdvwur is a sheep, jdgcoixs is a rat, so jdgcoixs is less likely to live in a field than kdvwur
qungg is a sheep, kbhzlrwlfhe is a rat, so qungg is not more likely to live in a field than kbhzlrwlfhe
jlxurmxo is a sheep, shrdv is a rat, so jlxurmxo is not more likely to live in a field than shrdv
njggpv is a sheep, giaavwxv is a rat, so njggpv is not more likely to live in a field than giaavwxv
uarzanjyz is a sheep, cyoqijvjt is a rat, so uarzanjyz is not more likely to live in a field than cyoqijvjt
kpeuszadvr is a sheep, uqnepxskohkt is a rat, so kpeuszadvr is not more likely to live in a field than uqnepxskohkt
kbhzlrwlfhe is a sheep, qungg is a rat, so qungg is not more likely to live in a field than kbhzlrwlfhe
shrdv is a sheep, jlxurmxo is a rat, so jlxurmxo is not more likely to live in a field than shrdv
giaavwxv is a sheep, njggpv is a rat, so njggpv is not more likely to live in a field than giaavwxv
cyoqijvjt is a sheep, uarzanjyz is a rat, so uarzanjyz is not more likely to live in a field than cyoqijvjt
uqnepxskohkt is a sheep, kpeuszadvr is a rat, so kpeuszadvr is not more likely to live in a field than uqnepxskohkt
exhrid is a owl, dmdusg is a seal, so exhrid is more likely to hear a mouse than dmdusg
xaypeqgyrjmy is a owl, zwawzxqpzseq is a seal, so xaypeqgyrjmy is more likely to hear a mouse than zwawzxqpzseq
dnxopfelosp is a owl, waxlj is a seal, so dnxopfelosp is more likely to hear a mouse than waxlj
aaskasclwaa is a owl, gxocxj is a seal, so aaskasclwaa is more likely to hear a mouse than gxocxj
msbuzvbk is a owl, umddkskmijrn is a seal, so msbuzvbk is more likely to hear a mouse than umddkskmijrn
exhrid is a owl, dmdusg is a seal, so dmdusg is less likely to hear a mouse than exhrid
xaypeqgyrjmy is a owl, zwawzxqpzseq is a seal, so zwawzxqpzseq is less likely to hear a mouse than xaypeqgyrjmy
dnxopfelosp is a owl, waxlj is a seal, so waxlj is less likely to hear a mouse than dnxopfelosp
aaskasclwaa is a owl, gxocxj is a seal, so gxocxj is less likely to hear a mouse than aaskasclwaa
msbuzvbk is a owl, umddkskmijrn is a seal, so umddkskmijrn is less likely to hear a mouse than msbuzvbk
erlnhgfjb is a owl, vggkdjt is a seal, so erlnhgfjb is not less likely to hear a mouse than vggkdjt
lxzqg is a owl, hsuzztgmx is a seal, so lxzqg is not less likely to hear a mouse than hsuzztgmx
ibgxcglkqsiv is a owl, zekxunf is a seal, so ibgxcglkqsiv is not less likely to hear a mouse than zekxunf
fwggfeitqhl is a owl, hcmgawdxfuk is a seal, so fwggfeitqhl is not less likely to hear a mouse than hcmgawdxfuk
sygeelmqgw is a owl, hlx is a seal, so sygeelmqgw is not less likely to hear a mouse than hlx
vggkdjt is a owl, erlnhgfjb is a seal, so erlnhgfjb is not more likely to hear a mouse than vggkdjt
hsuzztgmx is a owl, lxzqg is a seal, so lxzqg is not more likely to hear a mouse than hsuzztgmx
zekxunf is a owl, ibgxcglkqsiv is a seal, so ibgxcglkqsiv is not more likely to hear a mouse than zekxunf
hcmgawdxfuk is a owl, fwggfeitqhl is a seal, so fwggfeitqhl is not more likely to hear a mouse than hcmgawdxfuk
hlx is a owl, sygeelmqgw is a seal, so sygeelmqgw is not more likely to hear a mouse than hlx
ywkhsjkgja is a frog, zws is a chimpanzee, so ywkhsjkgja is more likely to leap than zws
ppwd is a frog, irhliqhnw is a chimpanzee, so ppwd is more likely to leap than irhliqhnw
bufcxgk is a frog, wspjt is a chimpanzee, so bufcxgk is more likely to leap than wspjt
baqcbenqhxf is a frog, cxjhbe is a chimpanzee, so baqcbenqhxf is more likely to leap than cxjhbe
hgf is a frog, iulr is a chimpanzee, so hgf is more likely to leap than iulr
ywkhsjkgja is a frog, zws is a chimpanzee, so zws is less likely to leap than ywkhsjkgja
ppwd is a frog, irhliqhnw is a chimpanzee, so irhliqhnw is less likely to leap than ppwd
bufcxgk is a frog, wspjt is a chimpanzee, so wspjt is less likely to leap than bufcxgk
baqcbenqhxf is a frog, cxjhbe is a chimpanzee, so cxjhbe is less likely to leap than baqcbenqhxf
hgf is a frog, iulr is a chimpanzee, so iulr is less likely to leap than hgf
vcofx is a frog, sdku is a chimpanzee, so vcofx is not less likely to leap than sdku
dsjbcavtwueq is a frog, aym is a chimpanzee, so dsjbcavtwueq is not less likely to leap than aym
qxrmpjipuj is a frog, bbgwpl is a chimpanzee, so qxrmpjipuj is not less likely to leap than bbgwpl
vhckeqcfakqd is a frog, kvntraoo is a chimpanzee, so vhckeqcfakqd is not less likely to leap than kvntraoo
vexy is a frog, akbvcquqtz is a chimpanzee, so vexy is not less likely to leap than akbvcquqtz
sdku is a frog, vcofx is a chimpanzee, so vcofx is not more likely to leap than sdku
aym is a frog, dsjbcavtwueq is a chimpanzee, so dsjbcavtwueq is not more likely to leap than aym
bbgwpl is a frog, qxrmpjipuj is a chimpanzee, so qxrmpjipuj is not more likely to leap than bbgwpl
kvntraoo is a frog, vhckeqcfakqd is a chimpanzee, so vhckeqcfakqd is not more likely to leap than kvntraoo
akbvcquqtz is a frog, vexy is a chimpanzee, so vexy is not more likely to leap than akbvcquqtz
uykst is a fox, qvyfsmpuf is a eagle, so uykst is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than qvyfsmpuf
xbrz is a fox, eqe is a eagle, so xbrz is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than eqe
bvdijtdjzp is a fox, beacgznhpr is a eagle, so bvdijtdjzp is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than beacgznhpr
yrg is a fox, txclcpbgf is a eagle, so yrg is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than txclcpbgf
gzcwvyi is a fox, xhot is a eagle, so gzcwvyi is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than xhot
uykst is a fox, qvyfsmpuf is a eagle, so qvyfsmpuf is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than uykst
xbrz is a fox, eqe is a eagle, so eqe is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than xbrz
bvdijtdjzp is a fox, beacgznhpr is a eagle, so beacgznhpr is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than bvdijtdjzp
yrg is a fox, txclcpbgf is a eagle, so txclcpbgf is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than yrg
gzcwvyi is a fox, xhot is a eagle, so xhot is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than gzcwvyi
vmdmhrekhyx is a fox, hefwxu is a eagle, so vmdmhrekhyx is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than hefwxu
ckxsfhsmoeto is a fox, ksihmqz is a eagle, so ckxsfhsmoeto is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than ksihmqz
grhxgsx is a fox, apyyytwpz is a eagle, so grhxgsx is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than apyyytwpz
wkxdyxcbx is a fox, nmgm is a eagle, so wkxdyxcbx is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than nmgm
idvbxe is a fox, ggmstyjtju is a eagle, so idvbxe is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than ggmstyjtju
hefwxu is a fox, vmdmhrekhyx is a eagle, so vmdmhrekhyx is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than hefwxu
ksihmqz is a fox, ckxsfhsmoeto is a eagle, so ckxsfhsmoeto is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than ksihmqz
apyyytwpz is a fox, grhxgsx is a eagle, so grhxgsx is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than apyyytwpz
nmgm is a fox, wkxdyxcbx is a eagle, so wkxdyxcbx is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than nmgm
ggmstyjtju is a fox, idvbxe is a eagle, so idvbxe is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than ggmstyjtju
mvfxrs is a fox, zpd is a kangaroo, so mvfxrs is more likely to be in a box than zpd
fubks is a fox, ckiapxjmblk is a kangaroo, so fubks is more likely to be in a box than ckiapxjmblk
rvhpvdbhpbh is a fox, mblrfzkjwy is a kangaroo, so rvhpvdbhpbh is more likely to be in a box than mblrfzkjwy
gor is a fox, tzzcmkq is a kangaroo, so gor is more likely to be in a box than tzzcmkq
wrwbvuhoiumr is a fox, yrtsqi is a kangaroo, so wrwbvuhoiumr is more likely to be in a box than yrtsqi
mvfxrs is a fox, zpd is a kangaroo, so zpd is less likely to be in a box than mvfxrs
fubks is a fox, ckiapxjmblk is a kangaroo, so ckiapxjmblk is less likely to be in a box than fubks
rvhpvdbhpbh is a fox, mblrfzkjwy is a kangaroo, so mblrfzkjwy is less likely to be in a box than rvhpvdbhpbh
gor is a fox, tzzcmkq is a kangaroo, so tzzcmkq is less likely to be in a box than gor
wrwbvuhoiumr is a fox, yrtsqi is a kangaroo, so yrtsqi is less likely to be in a box than wrwbvuhoiumr
xupdpdtrwyur is a fox, yhdbblbwtsy is a kangaroo, so xupdpdtrwyur is not less likely to be in a box than yhdbblbwtsy
hqc is a fox, ziitdnq is a kangaroo, so hqc is not less likely to be in a box than ziitdnq
rzebyfpe is a fox, yfrvcolsj is a kangaroo, so rzebyfpe is not less likely to be in a box than yfrvcolsj
nzpx is a fox, bdjicmfabd is a kangaroo, so nzpx is not less likely to be in a box than bdjicmfabd
vfegjzuslrz is a fox, kikhj is a kangaroo, so vfegjzuslrz is not less likely to be in a box than kikhj
yhdbblbwtsy is a fox, xupdpdtrwyur is a kangaroo, so xupdpdtrwyur is not more likely to be in a box than yhdbblbwtsy
ziitdnq is a fox, hqc is a kangaroo, so hqc is not more likely to be in a box than ziitdnq
yfrvcolsj is a fox, rzebyfpe is a kangaroo, so rzebyfpe is not more likely to be in a box than yfrvcolsj
bdjicmfabd is a fox, nzpx is a kangaroo, so nzpx is not more likely to be in a box than bdjicmfabd
kikhj is a fox, vfegjzuslrz is a kangaroo, so vfegjzuslrz is not more likely to be in a box than kikhj
lfkznom is a rat, muvpwyvvucjv is a deer, so lfkznom is more likely to race through a maze than muvpwyvvucjv
wbyhhacaa is a rat, uyiiiv is a deer, so wbyhhacaa is more likely to race through a maze than uyiiiv
evdhvf is a rat, rhxahfohkx is a deer, so evdhvf is more likely to race through a maze than rhxahfohkx
upf is a rat, uinmbfpc is a deer, so upf is more likely to race through a maze than uinmbfpc
tsqoher is a rat, uuqnmyxa is a deer, so tsqoher is more likely to race through a maze than uuqnmyxa
lfkznom is a rat, muvpwyvvucjv is a deer, so muvpwyvvucjv is less likely to race through a maze than lfkznom
wbyhhacaa is a rat, uyiiiv is a deer, so uyiiiv is less likely to race through a maze than wbyhhacaa
evdhvf is a rat, rhxahfohkx is a deer, so rhxahfohkx is less likely to race through a maze than evdhvf
upf is a rat, uinmbfpc is a deer, so uinmbfpc is less likely to race through a maze than upf
tsqoher is a rat, uuqnmyxa is a deer, so uuqnmyxa is less likely to race through a maze than tsqoher
guycyalcdcvw is a rat, oxz is a deer, so guycyalcdcvw is not less likely to race through a maze than oxz
frx is a rat, gjajx is a deer, so frx is not less likely to race through a maze than gjajx
bbelliipfzp is a rat, cchjgvb is a deer, so bbelliipfzp is not less likely to race through a maze than cchjgvb
fltpllvsve is a rat, qtaisvmu is a deer, so fltpllvsve is not less likely to race through a maze than qtaisvmu
mvfxmum is a rat, fqgz is a deer, so mvfxmum is not less likely to race through a maze than fqgz
oxz is a rat, guycyalcdcvw is a deer, so guycyalcdcvw is not more likely to race through a maze than oxz
gjajx is a rat, frx is a deer, so frx is not more likely to race through a maze than gjajx
cchjgvb is a rat, bbelliipfzp is a deer, so bbelliipfzp is not more likely to race through a maze than cchjgvb
qtaisvmu is a rat, fltpllvsve is a deer, so fltpllvsve is not more likely to race through a maze than qtaisvmu
fqgz is a rat, mvfxmum is a deer, so mvfxmum is not more likely to race through a maze than fqgz
zevp is a cow, wdqy is a bird, so zevp is more likely to be in a farmyard than wdqy
mfhn is a cow, ylmmtt is a bird, so mfhn is more likely to be in a farmyard than ylmmtt
woxcbcrafmsf is a cow, fjlw is a bird, so woxcbcrafmsf is more likely to be in a farmyard than fjlw
vzs is a cow, ixtvfglloy is a bird, so vzs is more likely to be in a farmyard than ixtvfglloy
ayu is a cow, wwuzqrp is a bird, so ayu is more likely to be in a farmyard than wwuzqrp
zevp is a cow, wdqy is a bird, so wdqy is less likely to be in a farmyard than zevp
mfhn is a cow, ylmmtt is a bird, so ylmmtt is less likely to be in a farmyard than mfhn
woxcbcrafmsf is a cow, fjlw is a bird, so fjlw is less likely to be in a farmyard than woxcbcrafmsf
vzs is a cow, ixtvfglloy is a bird, so ixtvfglloy is less likely to be in a farmyard than vzs
ayu is a cow, wwuzqrp is a bird, so wwuzqrp is less likely to be in a farmyard than ayu
pyw is a cow, iza is a bird, so pyw is not less likely to be in a farmyard than iza
xqvmml is a cow, sgpquyeme is a bird, so xqvmml is not less likely to be in a farmyard than sgpquyeme
jzblzflje is a cow, wucdiaqja is a bird, so jzblzflje is not less likely to be in a farmyard than wucdiaqja
qcnnxf is a cow, kezxa is a bird, so qcnnxf is not less likely to be in a farmyard than kezxa
ecfmifmvcgp is a cow, irxbzrpisah is a bird, so ecfmifmvcgp is not less likely to be in a farmyard than irxbzrpisah
iza is a cow, pyw is a bird, so pyw is not more likely to be in a farmyard than iza
sgpquyeme is a cow, xqvmml is a bird, so xqvmml is not more likely to be in a farmyard than sgpquyeme
wucdiaqja is a cow, jzblzflje is a bird, so jzblzflje is not more likely to be in a farmyard than wucdiaqja
kezxa is a cow, qcnnxf is a bird, so qcnnxf is not more likely to be in a farmyard than kezxa
irxbzrpisah is a cow, ecfmifmvcgp is a bird, so ecfmifmvcgp is not more likely to be in a farmyard than irxbzrpisah
rruozpeflxo is a bee, gllrzgxhx is a seal, so rruozpeflxo is more likely to be in a field of flowers than gllrzgxhx
pnsnmj is a bee, oig is a seal, so pnsnmj is more likely to be in a field of flowers than oig
tclwppbwpvy is a bee, ppndk is a seal, so tclwppbwpvy is more likely to be in a field of flowers than ppndk
wfhzzhbahsvq is a bee, kupxr is a seal, so wfhzzhbahsvq is more likely to be in a field of flowers than kupxr
tphvvzcfoqe is a bee, olouems is a seal, so tphvvzcfoqe is more likely to be in a field of flowers than olouems
rruozpeflxo is a bee, gllrzgxhx is a seal, so gllrzgxhx is less likely to be in a field of flowers than rruozpeflxo
pnsnmj is a bee, oig is a seal, so oig is less likely to be in a field of flowers than pnsnmj
tclwppbwpvy is a bee, ppndk is a seal, so ppndk is less likely to be in a field of flowers than tclwppbwpvy
wfhzzhbahsvq is a bee, kupxr is a seal, so kupxr is less likely to be in a field of flowers than wfhzzhbahsvq
tphvvzcfoqe is a bee, olouems is a seal, so olouems is less likely to be in a field of flowers than tphvvzcfoqe
htoovjjoymov is a bee, oddganwev is a seal, so htoovjjoymov is not less likely to be in a field of flowers than oddganwev
rkhyr is a bee, eamqobrgtl is a seal, so rkhyr is not less likely to be in a field of flowers than eamqobrgtl
scfjtr is a bee, ubrdzfxxbu is a seal, so scfjtr is not less likely to be in a field of flowers than ubrdzfxxbu
mytuy is a bee, gmpdexg is a seal, so mytuy is not less likely to be in a field of flowers than gmpdexg
vnaatrzf is a bee, etseuvopfun is a seal, so vnaatrzf is not less likely to be in a field of flowers than etseuvopfun
oddganwev is a bee, htoovjjoymov is a seal, so htoovjjoymov is not more likely to be in a field of flowers than oddganwev
eamqobrgtl is a bee, rkhyr is a seal, so rkhyr is not more likely to be in a field of flowers than eamqobrgtl
ubrdzfxxbu is a bee, scfjtr is a seal, so scfjtr is not more likely to be in a field of flowers than ubrdzfxxbu
gmpdexg is a bee, mytuy is a seal, so mytuy is not more likely to be in a field of flowers than gmpdexg
etseuvopfun is a bee, vnaatrzf is a seal, so vnaatrzf is not more likely to be in a field of flowers than etseuvopfun
fqcvefviq is a dog, rad is a bee, so fqcvefviq is more likely to guide a blind person than rad
hhrzrml is a dog, fgpl is a bee, so hhrzrml is more likely to guide a blind person than fgpl
ntrnbohfacgr is a dog, gjmdzz is a bee, so ntrnbohfacgr is more likely to guide a blind person than gjmdzz
zutvpyhmnkr is a dog, qkdbp is a bee, so zutvpyhmnkr is more likely to guide a blind person than qkdbp
orztlmtapf is a dog, vtgllbxpxpg is a bee, so orztlmtapf is more likely to guide a blind person than vtgllbxpxpg
fqcvefviq is a dog, rad is a bee, so rad is less likely to guide a blind person than fqcvefviq
hhrzrml is a dog, fgpl is a bee, so fgpl is less likely to guide a blind person than hhrzrml
ntrnbohfacgr is a dog, gjmdzz is a bee, so gjmdzz is less likely to guide a blind person than ntrnbohfacgr
zutvpyhmnkr is a dog, qkdbp is a bee, so qkdbp is less likely to guide a blind person than zutvpyhmnkr
orztlmtapf is a dog, vtgllbxpxpg is a bee, so vtgllbxpxpg is less likely to guide a blind person than orztlmtapf
dambkvgzwkpx is a dog, obpnlyjycgos is a bee, so dambkvgzwkpx is not less likely to guide a blind person than obpnlyjycgos
nctkjxgr is a dog, hbqlbryyofrc is a bee, so nctkjxgr is not less likely to guide a blind person than hbqlbryyofrc
fteb is a dog, bhlsmixcpbj is a bee, so fteb is not less likely to guide a blind person than bhlsmixcpbj
duapnmsjjog is a dog, fyulbu is a bee, so duapnmsjjog is not less likely to guide a blind person than fyulbu
vveg is a dog, cnrthyy is a bee, so vveg is not less likely to guide a blind person than cnrthyy
obpnlyjycgos is a dog, dambkvgzwkpx is a bee, so dambkvgzwkpx is not more likely to guide a blind person than obpnlyjycgos
hbqlbryyofrc is a dog, nctkjxgr is a bee, so nctkjxgr is not more likely to guide a blind person than hbqlbryyofrc
bhlsmixcpbj is a dog, fteb is a bee, so fteb is not more likely to guide a blind person than bhlsmixcpbj
fyulbu is a dog, duapnmsjjog is a bee, so duapnmsjjog is not more likely to guide a blind person than fyulbu
cnrthyy is a dog, vveg is a bee, so vveg is not more likely to guide a blind person than cnrthyy
njxsvhb is a wolf, axf is a fish, so njxsvhb is more likely to mother its cub than axf
qjsbsufxzg is a wolf, wqf is a fish, so qjsbsufxzg is more likely to mother its cub than wqf
afmqdrhyfk is a wolf, fqxibmif is a fish, so afmqdrhyfk is more likely to mother its cub than fqxibmif
lzfawlspqvte is a wolf, npfbluwbnpoe is a fish, so lzfawlspqvte is more likely to mother its cub than npfbluwbnpoe
dogfygl is a wolf, qfucl is a fish, so dogfygl is more likely to mother its cub than qfucl
njxsvhb is a wolf, axf is a fish, so axf is less likely to mother its cub than njxsvhb
qjsbsufxzg is a wolf, wqf is a fish, so wqf is less likely to mother its cub than qjsbsufxzg
afmqdrhyfk is a wolf, fqxibmif is a fish, so fqxibmif is less likely to mother its cub than afmqdrhyfk
lzfawlspqvte is a wolf, npfbluwbnpoe is a fish, so npfbluwbnpoe is less likely to mother its cub than lzfawlspqvte
dogfygl is a wolf, qfucl is a fish, so qfucl is less likely to mother its cub than dogfygl
fvfylcx is a wolf, uogyzoxsek is a fish, so fvfylcx is not less likely to mother its cub than uogyzoxsek
cmjbkri is a wolf, eezfmbz is a fish, so cmjbkri is not less likely to mother its cub than eezfmbz
yrhtfobmgs is a wolf, xhs is a fish, so yrhtfobmgs is not less likely to mother its cub than xhs
ievfryp is a wolf, eqdimdkgggci is a fish, so ievfryp is not less likely to mother its cub than eqdimdkgggci
inpz is a wolf, fmlweolht is a fish, so inpz is not less likely to mother its cub than fmlweolht
uogyzoxsek is a wolf, fvfylcx is a fish, so fvfylcx is not more likely to mother its cub than uogyzoxsek
eezfmbz is a wolf, cmjbkri is a fish, so cmjbkri is not more likely to mother its cub than eezfmbz
xhs is a wolf, yrhtfobmgs is a fish, so yrhtfobmgs is not more likely to mother its cub than xhs
eqdimdkgggci is a wolf, ievfryp is a fish, so ievfryp is not more likely to mother its cub than eqdimdkgggci
fmlweolht is a wolf, inpz is a fish, so inpz is not more likely to mother its cub than fmlweolht
utsi is a lion, hkhmz is a ant, so utsi is more likely to father some cubs than hkhmz
windwnezo is a lion, mclsxy is a ant, so windwnezo is more likely to father some cubs than mclsxy
dziexuljp is a lion, vfmxuh is a ant, so dziexuljp is more likely to father some cubs than vfmxuh
udxry is a lion, smuxcark is a ant, so udxry is more likely to father some cubs than smuxcark
vhq is a lion, glvsvewcbnji is a ant, so vhq is more likely to father some cubs than glvsvewcbnji
utsi is a lion, hkhmz is a ant, so hkhmz is less likely to father some cubs than utsi
windwnezo is a lion, mclsxy is a ant, so mclsxy is less likely to father some cubs than windwnezo
dziexuljp is a lion, vfmxuh is a ant, so vfmxuh is less likely to father some cubs than dziexuljp
udxry is a lion, smuxcark is a ant, so smuxcark is less likely to father some cubs than udxry
vhq is a lion, glvsvewcbnji is a ant, so glvsvewcbnji is less likely to father some cubs than vhq
nfbxayyjcrk is a lion, htad is a ant, so nfbxayyjcrk is not less likely to father some cubs than htad
jmvamq is a lion, jxjesbtsohb is a ant, so jmvamq is not less likely to father some cubs than jxjesbtsohb
niw is a lion, tcqxbdpzlxyz is a ant, so niw is not less likely to father some cubs than tcqxbdpzlxyz
xrdledqjfno is a lion, iiewa is a ant, so xrdledqjfno is not less likely to father some cubs than iiewa
szmw is a lion, bisaqjpwod is a ant, so szmw is not less likely to father some cubs than bisaqjpwod
htad is a lion, nfbxayyjcrk is a ant, so nfbxayyjcrk is not more likely to father some cubs than htad
jxjesbtsohb is a lion, jmvamq is a ant, so jmvamq is not more likely to father some cubs than jxjesbtsohb
tcqxbdpzlxyz is a lion, niw is a ant, so niw is not more likely to father some cubs than tcqxbdpzlxyz
iiewa is a lion, xrdledqjfno is a ant, so xrdledqjfno is not more likely to father some cubs than iiewa
bisaqjpwod is a lion, szmw is a ant, so szmw is not more likely to father some cubs than bisaqjpwod
qrcnu is a bee, vtnlipo is a fish, so qrcnu is more likely to be in an orchard than vtnlipo
soquqz is a bee, tjptlwvnbicg is a fish, so soquqz is more likely to be in an orchard than tjptlwvnbicg
woq is a bee, uksi is a fish, so woq is more likely to be in an orchard than uksi
clied is a bee, uxuuxuyy is a fish, so clied is more likely to be in an orchard than uxuuxuyy
ahdn is a bee, cihef is a fish, so ahdn is more likely to be in an orchard than cihef
qrcnu is a bee, vtnlipo is a fish, so vtnlipo is less likely to be in an orchard than qrcnu
soquqz is a bee, tjptlwvnbicg is a fish, so tjptlwvnbicg is less likely to be in an orchard than soquqz
woq is a bee, uksi is a fish, so uksi is less likely to be in an orchard than woq
clied is a bee, uxuuxuyy is a fish, so uxuuxuyy is less likely to be in an orchard than clied
ahdn is a bee, cihef is a fish, so cihef is less likely to be in an orchard than ahdn
fwailaoxom is a bee, zkrm is a fish, so fwailaoxom is not less likely to be in an orchard than zkrm
owqg is a bee, wojrbkjmbgzd is a fish, so owqg is not less likely to be in an orchard than wojrbkjmbgzd
nzwcg is a bee, obus is a fish, so nzwcg is not less likely to be in an orchard than obus
klusryuykd is a bee, kjxuhzieibl is a fish, so klusryuykd is not less likely to be in an orchard than kjxuhzieibl
iggorerzybnf is a bee, hmqypdeqsbpo is a fish, so iggorerzybnf is not less likely to be in an orchard than hmqypdeqsbpo
zkrm is a bee, fwailaoxom is a fish, so fwailaoxom is not more likely to be in an orchard than zkrm
wojrbkjmbgzd is a bee, owqg is a fish, so owqg is not more likely to be in an orchard than wojrbkjmbgzd
obus is a bee, nzwcg is a fish, so nzwcg is not more likely to be in an orchard than obus
kjxuhzieibl is a bee, klusryuykd is a fish, so klusryuykd is not more likely to be in an orchard than kjxuhzieibl
hmqypdeqsbpo is a bee, iggorerzybnf is a fish, so iggorerzybnf is not more likely to be in an orchard than hmqypdeqsbpo
inrxvp is a bird, yzfrfreqtzpp is a cow, so inrxvp is more likely to be in the sea than yzfrfreqtzpp
kovrkxxcnrpy is a bird, pbgbtgozgo is a cow, so kovrkxxcnrpy is more likely to be in the sea than pbgbtgozgo
msbqfxhwgf is a bird, dyymmuznhy is a cow, so msbqfxhwgf is more likely to be in the sea than dyymmuznhy
qgbvhslxwgri is a bird, xllldfdtcc is a cow, so qgbvhslxwgri is more likely to be in the sea than xllldfdtcc
jooze is a bird, qfsiqahfjtjc is a cow, so jooze is more likely to be in the sea than qfsiqahfjtjc
inrxvp is a bird, yzfrfreqtzpp is a cow, so yzfrfreqtzpp is less likely to be in the sea than inrxvp
kovrkxxcnrpy is a bird, pbgbtgozgo is a cow, so pbgbtgozgo is less likely to be in the sea than kovrkxxcnrpy
msbqfxhwgf is a bird, dyymmuznhy is a cow, so dyymmuznhy is less likely to be in the sea than msbqfxhwgf
qgbvhslxwgri is a bird, xllldfdtcc is a cow, so xllldfdtcc is less likely to be in the sea than qgbvhslxwgri
jooze is a bird, qfsiqahfjtjc is a cow, so qfsiqahfjtjc is less likely to be in the sea than jooze
sipixpzbvqez is a bird, tvg is a cow, so sipixpzbvqez is not less likely to be in the sea than tvg
vufakhyhp is a bird, kphvdtbgdqap is a cow, so vufakhyhp is not less likely to be in the sea than kphvdtbgdqap
uzogy is a bird, lzdhmf is a cow, so uzogy is not less likely to be in the sea than lzdhmf
byfaenxzzvd is a bird, nhezcihyb is a cow, so byfaenxzzvd is not less likely to be in the sea than nhezcihyb
sayuls is a bird, kktnjaz is a cow, so sayuls is not less likely to be in the sea than kktnjaz
tvg is a bird, sipixpzbvqez is a cow, so sipixpzbvqez is not more likely to be in the sea than tvg
kphvdtbgdqap is a bird, vufakhyhp is a cow, so vufakhyhp is not more likely to be in the sea than kphvdtbgdqap
lzdhmf is a bird, uzogy is a cow, so uzogy is not more likely to be in the sea than lzdhmf
nhezcihyb is a bird, byfaenxzzvd is a cow, so byfaenxzzvd is not more likely to be in the sea than nhezcihyb
kktnjaz is a bird, sayuls is a cow, so sayuls is not more likely to be in the sea than kktnjaz
mpf is a deer, vlcixjdf is a crocodile, so mpf is more likely to be in north america than vlcixjdf
yyk is a deer, kbnghqoazo is a crocodile, so yyk is more likely to be in north america than kbnghqoazo
hvn is a deer, wigwkt is a crocodile, so hvn is more likely to be in north america than wigwkt
xzk is a deer, ycuzjcer is a crocodile, so xzk is more likely to be in north america than ycuzjcer
skt is a deer, mfqmzgkmjp is a crocodile, so skt is more likely to be in north america than mfqmzgkmjp
mpf is a deer, vlcixjdf is a crocodile, so vlcixjdf is less likely to be in north america than mpf
yyk is a deer, kbnghqoazo is a crocodile, so kbnghqoazo is less likely to be in north america than yyk
hvn is a deer, wigwkt is a crocodile, so wigwkt is less likely to be in north america than hvn
xzk is a deer, ycuzjcer is a crocodile, so ycuzjcer is less likely to be in north america than xzk
skt is a deer, mfqmzgkmjp is a crocodile, so mfqmzgkmjp is less likely to be in north america than skt
dmcecgxdlu is a deer, zzjz is a crocodile, so dmcecgxdlu is not less likely to be in africa than zzjz
unfz is a deer, abgzuenfm is a crocodile, so unfz is not less likely to be in africa than abgzuenfm
pjfmsz is a deer, acgyioicic is a crocodile, so pjfmsz is not less likely to be in africa than acgyioicic
bgjet is a deer, wqlxv is a crocodile, so bgjet is not less likely to be in africa than wqlxv
yuoll is a deer, iumtrcxzs is a crocodile, so yuoll is not less likely to be in africa than iumtrcxzs
zzjz is a deer, dmcecgxdlu is a crocodile, so dmcecgxdlu is not more likely to be in north america than zzjz
abgzuenfm is a deer, unfz is a crocodile, so unfz is not more likely to be in north america than abgzuenfm
acgyioicic is a deer, pjfmsz is a crocodile, so pjfmsz is not more likely to be in north america than acgyioicic
wqlxv is a deer, bgjet is a crocodile, so bgjet is not more likely to be in north america than wqlxv
iumtrcxzs is a deer, yuoll is a crocodile, so yuoll is not more likely to be in north america than iumtrcxzs
powxq is a bear, sdtsylznl is a scorpion, so powxq is more likely to hunt a rabbit than sdtsylznl
ekveqvurxuax is a bear, bzfgft is a scorpion, so ekveqvurxuax is more likely to hunt a rabbit than bzfgft
cxmslgcuu is a bear, ivmlrgk is a scorpion, so cxmslgcuu is more likely to hunt a rabbit than ivmlrgk
mnwrmqkbt is a bear, pfzxrfe is a scorpion, so mnwrmqkbt is more likely to hunt a rabbit than pfzxrfe
cdz is a bear, nzovvwv is a scorpion, so cdz is more likely to hunt a rabbit than nzovvwv
powxq is a bear, sdtsylznl is a scorpion, so sdtsylznl is less likely to hunt a rabbit than powxq
ekveqvurxuax is a bear, bzfgft is a scorpion, so bzfgft is less likely to hunt a rabbit than ekveqvurxuax
cxmslgcuu is a bear, ivmlrgk is a scorpion, so ivmlrgk is less likely to hunt a rabbit than cxmslgcuu
mnwrmqkbt is a bear, pfzxrfe is a scorpion, so pfzxrfe is less likely to hunt a rabbit than mnwrmqkbt
cdz is a bear, nzovvwv is a scorpion, so nzovvwv is less likely to hunt a rabbit than cdz
dnh is a bear, mknumjr is a scorpion, so dnh is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than mknumjr
ifbncjg is a bear, dwemwyaz is a scorpion, so ifbncjg is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than dwemwyaz
nyrrot is a bear, fnahwar is a scorpion, so nyrrot is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than fnahwar
pkdiffce is a bear, omurrazypvf is a scorpion, so pkdiffce is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than omurrazypvf
hzvbnebc is a bear, oukjbl is a scorpion, so hzvbnebc is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than oukjbl
mknumjr is a bear, dnh is a scorpion, so dnh is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than mknumjr
dwemwyaz is a bear, ifbncjg is a scorpion, so ifbncjg is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than dwemwyaz
fnahwar is a bear, nyrrot is a scorpion, so nyrrot is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than fnahwar
omurrazypvf is a bear, pkdiffce is a scorpion, so pkdiffce is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than omurrazypvf
oukjbl is a bear, hzvbnebc is a scorpion, so hzvbnebc is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than oukjbl
faajg is a tiger, qtqtaiet is a eagle, so faajg is more likely to drink water than qtqtaiet
jwjtlmuyl is a tiger, awzpix is a eagle, so jwjtlmuyl is more likely to drink water than awzpix
mbvyzcdd is a tiger, rdfeym is a eagle, so mbvyzcdd is more likely to drink water than rdfeym
qznemom is a tiger, mujbnczy is a eagle, so qznemom is more likely to drink water than mujbnczy
rslxra is a tiger, sksm is a eagle, so rslxra is more likely to drink water than sksm
faajg is a tiger, qtqtaiet is a eagle, so qtqtaiet is less likely to drink water than faajg
jwjtlmuyl is a tiger, awzpix is a eagle, so awzpix is less likely to drink water than jwjtlmuyl
mbvyzcdd is a tiger, rdfeym is a eagle, so rdfeym is less likely to drink water than mbvyzcdd
qznemom is a tiger, mujbnczy is a eagle, so mujbnczy is less likely to drink water than qznemom
rslxra is a tiger, sksm is a eagle, so sksm is less likely to drink water than rslxra
bzste is a tiger, xnyoy is a eagle, so bzste is not less likely to drink water than xnyoy
jqdyhrcwahn is a tiger, rdprxqvjsau is a eagle, so jqdyhrcwahn is not less likely to drink water than rdprxqvjsau
wijov is a tiger, omvoyito is a eagle, so wijov is not less likely to drink water than omvoyito
azav is a tiger, tiixbjjybhsh is a eagle, so azav is not less likely to drink water than tiixbjjybhsh
bcotr is a tiger, bngfvj is a eagle, so bcotr is not less likely to drink water than bngfvj
xnyoy is a tiger, bzste is a eagle, so bzste is not more likely to drink water than xnyoy
rdprxqvjsau is a tiger, jqdyhrcwahn is a eagle, so jqdyhrcwahn is not more likely to drink water than rdprxqvjsau
omvoyito is a tiger, wijov is a eagle, so wijov is not more likely to drink water than omvoyito
tiixbjjybhsh is a tiger, azav is a eagle, so azav is not more likely to drink water than tiixbjjybhsh
bngfvj is a tiger, bcotr is a eagle, so bcotr is not more likely to drink water than bngfvj
vxh is a cat, wsytndthfkk is a dog, so vxh is more likely to be in someone's home than wsytndthfkk
nfrct is a cat, kiu is a dog, so nfrct is more likely to be in someone's home than kiu
qswugm is a cat, gugykeqs is a dog, so qswugm is more likely to be in someone's home than gugykeqs
wposvl is a cat, hiyo is a dog, so wposvl is more likely to be in someone's home than hiyo
crifo is a cat, tevbpw is a dog, so crifo is more likely to be in someone's home than tevbpw
vxh is a cat, wsytndthfkk is a dog, so wsytndthfkk is less likely to be in someone's home than vxh
nfrct is a cat, kiu is a dog, so kiu is less likely to be in someone's home than nfrct
qswugm is a cat, gugykeqs is a dog, so gugykeqs is less likely to be in someone's home than qswugm
wposvl is a cat, hiyo is a dog, so hiyo is less likely to be in someone's home than wposvl
crifo is a cat, tevbpw is a dog, so tevbpw is less likely to be in someone's home than crifo
snwtib is a cat, socacazmqx is a dog, so snwtib is not less likely to be in someone's home than socacazmqx
lskdlcwvmqp is a cat, tya is a dog, so lskdlcwvmqp is not less likely to be in someone's home than tya
qky is a cat, asrehce is a dog, so qky is not less likely to be in someone's home than asrehce
ucdqvvmcktgz is a cat, cuehckdl is a dog, so ucdqvvmcktgz is not less likely to be in someone's home than cuehckdl
cxesditd is a cat, gembvowu is a dog, so cxesditd is not less likely to be in someone's home than gembvowu
socacazmqx is a cat, snwtib is a dog, so snwtib is not more likely to be in someone's home than socacazmqx
tya is a cat, lskdlcwvmqp is a dog, so lskdlcwvmqp is not more likely to be in someone's home than tya
asrehce is a cat, qky is a dog, so qky is not more likely to be in someone's home than asrehce
cuehckdl is a cat, ucdqvvmcktgz is a dog, so ucdqvvmcktgz is not more likely to be in someone's home than cuehckdl
gembvowu is a cat, cxesditd is a dog, so cxesditd is not more likely to be in someone's home than gembvowu
qjvvdm is a rabbit, xsqkxf is a deer, so qjvvdm is less likely to be in a medow than xsqkxf
nkzcu is a rabbit, hrbdwqe is a deer, so nkzcu is less likely to be in a medow than hrbdwqe
ojtwtzawl is a rabbit, kwsrblbcu is a deer, so ojtwtzawl is less likely to be in a medow than kwsrblbcu
mtpchctkvtrw is a rabbit, vifcyokfcq is a deer, so mtpchctkvtrw is less likely to be in a medow than vifcyokfcq
wumin is a rabbit, hrekb is a deer, so wumin is less likely to be in a medow than hrekb
qjvvdm is a rabbit, xsqkxf is a deer, so xsqkxf is less likely to be in a medow than qjvvdm
nkzcu is a rabbit, hrbdwqe is a deer, so hrbdwqe is less likely to be in a medow than nkzcu
ojtwtzawl is a rabbit, kwsrblbcu is a deer, so kwsrblbcu is less likely to be in a medow than ojtwtzawl
mtpchctkvtrw is a rabbit, vifcyokfcq is a deer, so vifcyokfcq is less likely to be in a medow than mtpchctkvtrw
wumin is a rabbit, hrekb is a deer, so hrekb is less likely to be in a medow than wumin
ycwulhpz is a rabbit, ecnfvevwsuv is a deer, so ycwulhpz is not less likely to be in a medow than ecnfvevwsuv
hbxox is a rabbit, myhiousyphe is a deer, so hbxox is not less likely to be in a medow than myhiousyphe
maxogymk is a rabbit, fgerfpcph is a deer, so maxogymk is not less likely to be in a medow than fgerfpcph
tflroeiuh is a rabbit, slvim is a deer, so tflroeiuh is not less likely to be in a medow than slvim
goeceged is a rabbit, cbw is a deer, so goeceged is not less likely to be in a medow than cbw
ecnfvevwsuv is a rabbit, ycwulhpz is a deer, so ycwulhpz is not more likely to be in a medow than ecnfvevwsuv
myhiousyphe is a rabbit, hbxox is a deer, so hbxox is not more likely to be in a medow than myhiousyphe
fgerfpcph is a rabbit, maxogymk is a deer, so maxogymk is not more likely to be in a medow than fgerfpcph
slvim is a rabbit, tflroeiuh is a deer, so tflroeiuh is not more likely to be in a medow than slvim
cbw is a rabbit, goeceged is a deer, so goeceged is not more likely to be in a medow than cbw
eqf is a elephant, dwrhqi is a tiger, so eqf is more likely to carry a trunk than dwrhqi
ndltypzst is a elephant, ikvsqjx is a tiger, so ndltypzst is more likely to carry a trunk than ikvsqjx
qujcslrtizbv is a elephant, dpslexyjypk is a tiger, so qujcslrtizbv is more likely to carry a trunk than dpslexyjypk
xsoy is a elephant, gqhne is a tiger, so xsoy is more likely to carry a trunk than gqhne
mlqujsrxhj is a elephant, csjilkuviw is a tiger, so mlqujsrxhj is more likely to carry a trunk than csjilkuviw
eqf is a elephant, dwrhqi is a tiger, so dwrhqi is less likely to carry a trunk than eqf
ndltypzst is a elephant, ikvsqjx is a tiger, so ikvsqjx is less likely to carry a trunk than ndltypzst
qujcslrtizbv is a elephant, dpslexyjypk is a tiger, so dpslexyjypk is less likely to carry a trunk than qujcslrtizbv
xsoy is a elephant, gqhne is a tiger, so gqhne is less likely to carry a trunk than xsoy
mlqujsrxhj is a elephant, csjilkuviw is a tiger, so csjilkuviw is less likely to carry a trunk than mlqujsrxhj
rgdlmui is a elephant, crsmsufg is a tiger, so rgdlmui is not less likely to carry a trunk than crsmsufg
ndvcsilc is a elephant, aqaj is a tiger, so ndvcsilc is not less likely to carry a trunk than aqaj
uynahrz is a elephant, vkm is a tiger, so uynahrz is not less likely to carry a trunk than vkm
krk is a elephant, sqohierxnq is a tiger, so krk is not less likely to carry a trunk than sqohierxnq
uabmlbzjv is a elephant, jwod is a tiger, so uabmlbzjv is not less likely to carry a trunk than jwod
crsmsufg is a elephant, rgdlmui is a tiger, so rgdlmui is not more likely to carry a trunk than crsmsufg
aqaj is a elephant, ndvcsilc is a tiger, so ndvcsilc is not more likely to carry a trunk than aqaj
vkm is a elephant, uynahrz is a tiger, so uynahrz is not more likely to carry a trunk than vkm
sqohierxnq is a elephant, krk is a tiger, so krk is not more likely to carry a trunk than sqohierxnq
jwod is a elephant, uabmlbzjv is a tiger, so uabmlbzjv is not more likely to carry a trunk than jwod
lggjertab is a squirrel, eaqhusg is a duck, so lggjertab is more likely to be in a forest than eaqhusg
fbxwghkidpb is a squirrel, kpafvw is a duck, so fbxwghkidpb is more likely to be in a forest than kpafvw
gdnyxle is a squirrel, cctsr is a duck, so gdnyxle is more likely to be in a forest than cctsr
ullg is a squirrel, fjyavnt is a duck, so ullg is more likely to be in a forest than fjyavnt
xbonaweu is a squirrel, yqkpbeothll is a duck, so xbonaweu is more likely to be in a forest than yqkpbeothll
lggjertab is a squirrel, eaqhusg is a duck, so eaqhusg is less likely to be in a forest than lggjertab
fbxwghkidpb is a squirrel, kpafvw is a duck, so kpafvw is less likely to be in a forest than fbxwghkidpb
gdnyxle is a squirrel, cctsr is a duck, so cctsr is less likely to be in a forest than gdnyxle
ullg is a squirrel, fjyavnt is a duck, so fjyavnt is less likely to be in a forest than ullg
xbonaweu is a squirrel, yqkpbeothll is a duck, so yqkpbeothll is less likely to be in a forest than xbonaweu
tgogkhlc is a squirrel, ygmkixrj is a duck, so tgogkhlc is not less likely to be in a forest than ygmkixrj
sozplhmsji is a squirrel, vacx is a duck, so sozplhmsji is not less likely to be in a forest than vacx
hqi is a squirrel, ceiodfvxjwjc is a duck, so hqi is not less likely to be in a forest than ceiodfvxjwjc
fbljywqr is a squirrel, ympsiobr is a duck, so fbljywqr is not less likely to be in a forest than ympsiobr
jviayd is a squirrel, mnfxou is a duck, so jviayd is not less likely to be in a forest than mnfxou
ygmkixrj is a squirrel, tgogkhlc is a duck, so tgogkhlc is not more likely to be in a forest than ygmkixrj
vacx is a squirrel, sozplhmsji is a duck, so sozplhmsji is not more likely to be in a forest than vacx
ceiodfvxjwjc is a squirrel, hqi is a duck, so hqi is not more likely to be in a forest than ceiodfvxjwjc
ympsiobr is a squirrel, fbljywqr is a duck, so fbljywqr is not more likely to be in a forest than ympsiobr
mnfxou is a squirrel, jviayd is a duck, so jviayd is not more likely to be in a forest than mnfxou
zmgpt is a squirrel, bhethziqzxih is a goat, so zmgpt is more likely to be in a park than bhethziqzxih
njkdzgyfz is a squirrel, zvwlewv is a goat, so njkdzgyfz is more likely to be in a park than zvwlewv
ivc is a squirrel, ldb is a goat, so ivc is more likely to be in a park than ldb
nzzwygjfoh is a squirrel, tabsrktmnyz is a goat, so nzzwygjfoh is more likely to be in a park than tabsrktmnyz
fjenagrpabm is a squirrel, zlvlcag is a goat, so fjenagrpabm is more likely to be in a park than zlvlcag
zmgpt is a squirrel, bhethziqzxih is a goat, so bhethziqzxih is less likely to be in a park than zmgpt
njkdzgyfz is a squirrel, zvwlewv is a goat, so zvwlewv is less likely to be in a park than njkdzgyfz
ivc is a squirrel, ldb is a goat, so ldb is less likely to be in a park than ivc
nzzwygjfoh is a squirrel, tabsrktmnyz is a goat, so tabsrktmnyz is less likely to be in a park than nzzwygjfoh
fjenagrpabm is a squirrel, zlvlcag is a goat, so zlvlcag is less likely to be in a park than fjenagrpabm
bxtle is a squirrel, jwtufvbd is a goat, so bxtle is not less likely to be in a park than jwtufvbd
gutopccqpwkm is a squirrel, avxepteqaikm is a goat, so gutopccqpwkm is not less likely to be in a park than avxepteqaikm
klcj is a squirrel, scm is a goat, so klcj is not less likely to be in a park than scm
hrrtux is a squirrel, quxq is a goat, so hrrtux is not less likely to be in a park than quxq
uasuuiawrk is a squirrel, qoootntxiu is a goat, so uasuuiawrk is not less likely to be in a park than qoootntxiu
jwtufvbd is a squirrel, bxtle is a goat, so bxtle is not more likely to be in a park than jwtufvbd
avxepteqaikm is a squirrel, gutopccqpwkm is a goat, so gutopccqpwkm is not more likely to be in a park than avxepteqaikm
scm is a squirrel, klcj is a goat, so klcj is not more likely to be in a park than scm
quxq is a squirrel, hrrtux is a goat, so hrrtux is not more likely to be in a park than quxq
qoootntxiu is a squirrel, uasuuiawrk is a goat, so uasuuiawrk is not more likely to be in a park than qoootntxiu
jikuqcb is a fly, lwmi is a kangaroo, so jikuqcb is more likely to be in the sky than lwmi
mojaa is a fly, pxrkafy is a kangaroo, so mojaa is more likely to be in the sky than pxrkafy
hhengmx is a fly, duxcihqgkcxe is a kangaroo, so hhengmx is more likely to be in the sky than duxcihqgkcxe
juuhjos is a fly, vvnzhxsgdq is a kangaroo, so juuhjos is more likely to be in the sky than vvnzhxsgdq
zgar is a fly, vimfh is a kangaroo, so zgar is more likely to be in the sky than vimfh
jikuqcb is a fly, lwmi is a kangaroo, so lwmi is less likely to be in the sky than jikuqcb
mojaa is a fly, pxrkafy is a kangaroo, so pxrkafy is less likely to be in the sky than mojaa
hhengmx is a fly, duxcihqgkcxe is a kangaroo, so duxcihqgkcxe is less likely to be in the sky than hhengmx
juuhjos is a fly, vvnzhxsgdq is a kangaroo, so vvnzhxsgdq is less likely to be in the sky than juuhjos
zgar is a fly, vimfh is a kangaroo, so vimfh is less likely to be in the sky than zgar
agscqjev is a fly, fpfc is a kangaroo, so agscqjev is not less likely to be in the sky than fpfc
khyxeq is a fly, edcxyrikwi is a kangaroo, so khyxeq is not less likely to be in the sky than edcxyrikwi
ulajrhyn is a fly, irgwdnyujj is a kangaroo, so ulajrhyn is not less likely to be in the sky than irgwdnyujj
wfdoat is a fly, sjkrp is a kangaroo, so wfdoat is not less likely to be in the sky than sjkrp
hrxaiuzf is a fly, ydwtjdyn is a kangaroo, so hrxaiuzf is not less likely to be in the sky than ydwtjdyn
fpfc is a fly, agscqjev is a kangaroo, so agscqjev is not more likely to be in the sky than fpfc
edcxyrikwi is a fly, khyxeq is a kangaroo, so khyxeq is not more likely to be in the sky than edcxyrikwi
irgwdnyujj is a fly, ulajrhyn is a kangaroo, so ulajrhyn is not more likely to be in the sky than irgwdnyujj
sjkrp is a fly, wfdoat is a kangaroo, so wfdoat is not more likely to be in the sky than sjkrp
ydwtjdyn is a fly, hrxaiuzf is a kangaroo, so hrxaiuzf is not more likely to be in the sky than ydwtjdyn
gnivfymrrini is a fish, ppxfyx is a panda, so gnivfymrrini is more likely to be in a lake than ppxfyx
iik is a fish, uaeou is a panda, so iik is more likely to be in a lake than uaeou
eqfcvfma is a fish, yced is a panda, so eqfcvfma is more likely to be in a lake than yced
anuuz is a fish, ldtycieps is a panda, so anuuz is more likely to be in a lake than ldtycieps
whswuyv is a fish, uqu is a panda, so whswuyv is more likely to be in a lake than uqu
gnivfymrrini is a fish, ppxfyx is a panda, so ppxfyx is less likely to be in a lake than gnivfymrrini
iik is a fish, uaeou is a panda, so uaeou is less likely to be in a lake than iik
eqfcvfma is a fish, yced is a panda, so yced is less likely to be in a lake than eqfcvfma
anuuz is a fish, ldtycieps is a panda, so ldtycieps is less likely to be in a lake than anuuz
whswuyv is a fish, uqu is a panda, so uqu is less likely to be in a lake than whswuyv
azfudv is a fish, tkx is a panda, so azfudv is not less likely to be in a lake than tkx
vfexeyqcpdf is a fish, dtaf is a panda, so vfexeyqcpdf is not less likely to be in a lake than dtaf
rphmz is a fish, nfe is a panda, so rphmz is not less likely to be in a lake than nfe
uvf is a fish, csruvgkdefw is a panda, so uvf is not less likely to be in a lake than csruvgkdefw
vegxgdv is a fish, kquao is a panda, so vegxgdv is not less likely to be in a lake than kquao
tkx is a fish, azfudv is a panda, so azfudv is not more likely to be in a lake than tkx
dtaf is a fish, vfexeyqcpdf is a panda, so vfexeyqcpdf is not more likely to be in a lake than dtaf
nfe is a fish, rphmz is a panda, so rphmz is not more likely to be in a lake than nfe
csruvgkdefw is a fish, uvf is a panda, so uvf is not more likely to be in a lake than csruvgkdefw
kquao is a fish, vegxgdv is a panda, so vegxgdv is not more likely to be in a lake than kquao
lvjwti is a pig, ykdmsltfcxp is a rat, so lvjwti is more likely to be in a poke than ykdmsltfcxp
syhrdlqtyjfj is a pig, gnqzrauzbvo is a rat, so syhrdlqtyjfj is more likely to be in a poke than gnqzrauzbvo
nfrv is a pig, inpllzkz is a rat, so nfrv is more likely to be in a poke than inpllzkz
gohbfvrukjx is a pig, gfdwtn is a rat, so gohbfvrukjx is more likely to be in a poke than gfdwtn
aosggwiiplgy is a pig, cflbkblii is a rat, so aosggwiiplgy is more likely to be in a poke than cflbkblii
lvjwti is a pig, ykdmsltfcxp is a rat, so ykdmsltfcxp is less likely to be in a poke than lvjwti
syhrdlqtyjfj is a pig, gnqzrauzbvo is a rat, so gnqzrauzbvo is less likely to be in a poke than syhrdlqtyjfj
nfrv is a pig, inpllzkz is a rat, so inpllzkz is less likely to be in a poke than nfrv
gohbfvrukjx is a pig, gfdwtn is a rat, so gfdwtn is less likely to be in a poke than gohbfvrukjx
aosggwiiplgy is a pig, cflbkblii is a rat, so cflbkblii is less likely to be in a poke than aosggwiiplgy
sblobh is a pig, bgyfjwgw is a rat, so sblobh is not less likely to be in a poke than bgyfjwgw
bujfeerqo is a pig, dskan is a rat, so bujfeerqo is not less likely to be in a poke than dskan
ozemm is a pig, ugleqdf is a rat, so ozemm is not less likely to be in a poke than ugleqdf
mqviycokhl is a pig, nvxdgnxqwjq is a rat, so mqviycokhl is not less likely to be in a poke than nvxdgnxqwjq
vqghdpwej is a pig, hef is a rat, so vqghdpwej is not less likely to be in a poke than hef
bgyfjwgw is a pig, sblobh is a rat, so sblobh is not more likely to be in a poke than bgyfjwgw
dskan is a pig, bujfeerqo is a rat, so bujfeerqo is not more likely to be in a poke than dskan
ugleqdf is a pig, ozemm is a rat, so ozemm is not more likely to be in a poke than ugleqdf
nvxdgnxqwjq is a pig, mqviycokhl is a rat, so mqviycokhl is not more likely to be in a poke than nvxdgnxqwjq
hef is a pig, vqghdpwej is a rat, so vqghdpwej is not more likely to be in a poke than hef
vspdxo is a bear, yiaosgpq is a kangaroo, so vspdxo is more likely to be in a park than yiaosgpq
mtcbvdff is a bear, uruqhchr is a kangaroo, so mtcbvdff is more likely to be in a park than uruqhchr
zzviczhfwj is a bear, hkrjphy is a kangaroo, so zzviczhfwj is more likely to be in a park than hkrjphy
mjeolxrpb is a bear, owpseomxt is a kangaroo, so mjeolxrpb is more likely to be in a park than owpseomxt
htgikzaelc is a bear, mhsiwbxhteok is a kangaroo, so htgikzaelc is more likely to be in a park than mhsiwbxhteok
vspdxo is a bear, yiaosgpq is a kangaroo, so yiaosgpq is more likely to be in a park than vspdxo
mtcbvdff is a bear, uruqhchr is a kangaroo, so uruqhchr is more likely to be in a park than mtcbvdff
zzviczhfwj is a bear, hkrjphy is a kangaroo, so hkrjphy is more likely to be in a park than zzviczhfwj
mjeolxrpb is a bear, owpseomxt is a kangaroo, so owpseomxt is more likely to be in a park than mjeolxrpb
htgikzaelc is a bear, mhsiwbxhteok is a kangaroo, so mhsiwbxhteok is more likely to be in a park than htgikzaelc
glndmdefnuk is a bear, hsstxvydlby is a kangaroo, so glndmdefnuk is not less likely to be in a park than hsstxvydlby
stnhihbic is a bear, vkzgbloei is a kangaroo, so stnhihbic is not less likely to be in a park than vkzgbloei
vklutnsisuf is a bear, ivph is a kangaroo, so vklutnsisuf is not less likely to be in a park than ivph
ornbtnljis is a bear, zti is a kangaroo, so ornbtnljis is not less likely to be in a park than zti
kofcu is a bear, droa is a kangaroo, so kofcu is not less likely to be in a park than droa
hsstxvydlby is a bear, glndmdefnuk is a kangaroo, so glndmdefnuk is not more likely to be in a park than hsstxvydlby
vkzgbloei is a bear, stnhihbic is a kangaroo, so stnhihbic is not more likely to be in a park than vkzgbloei
ivph is a bear, vklutnsisuf is a kangaroo, so vklutnsisuf is not more likely to be in a park than ivph
zti is a bear, ornbtnljis is a kangaroo, so ornbtnljis is not more likely to be in a park than zti
droa is a bear, kofcu is a kangaroo, so kofcu is not more likely to be in a park than droa
npo is a frog, vmjzo is a chimpanzee, so npo is more likely to win a princess than vmjzo
pyctewe is a frog, cys is a chimpanzee, so pyctewe is more likely to win a princess than cys
yda is a frog, mnjdauoz is a chimpanzee, so yda is more likely to win a princess than mnjdauoz
aidtcdmbjt is a frog, dwultg is a chimpanzee, so aidtcdmbjt is more likely to win a princess than dwultg
yqqtdjqnuay is a frog, tabxjbfx is a chimpanzee, so yqqtdjqnuay is more likely to win a princess than tabxjbfx
npo is a frog, vmjzo is a chimpanzee, so vmjzo is less likely to win a princess than npo
pyctewe is a frog, cys is a chimpanzee, so cys is less likely to win a princess than pyctewe
yda is a frog, mnjdauoz is a chimpanzee, so mnjdauoz is less likely to win a princess than yda
aidtcdmbjt is a frog, dwultg is a chimpanzee, so dwultg is less likely to win a princess than aidtcdmbjt
yqqtdjqnuay is a frog, tabxjbfx is a chimpanzee, so tabxjbfx is less likely to win a princess than yqqtdjqnuay
czydzndkiww is a frog, tosi is a chimpanzee, so czydzndkiww is not less likely to win a princess than tosi
jaiytt is a frog, uxrlkdqxu is a chimpanzee, so jaiytt is not less likely to win a princess than uxrlkdqxu
dagqyrqjqmoi is a frog, yeajakfcfhuu is a chimpanzee, so dagqyrqjqmoi is not less likely to win a princess than yeajakfcfhuu
roqh is a frog, kxjjrge is a chimpanzee, so roqh is not less likely to win a princess than kxjjrge
smgbosltpch is a frog, psqjudqyhgaf is a chimpanzee, so smgbosltpch is not less likely to win a princess than psqjudqyhgaf
tosi is a frog, czydzndkiww is a chimpanzee, so czydzndkiww is not more likely to win a princess than tosi
uxrlkdqxu is a frog, jaiytt is a chimpanzee, so jaiytt is not more likely to win a princess than uxrlkdqxu
yeajakfcfhuu is a frog, dagqyrqjqmoi is a chimpanzee, so dagqyrqjqmoi is not more likely to win a princess than yeajakfcfhuu
kxjjrge is a frog, roqh is a chimpanzee, so roqh is not more likely to win a princess than kxjjrge
psqjudqyhgaf is a frog, smgbosltpch is a chimpanzee, so smgbosltpch is not more likely to win a princess than psqjudqyhgaf
nrwarriokj is a wolf, cahakifng is a chicken, so nrwarriokj is more likely to be in a forest than cahakifng
ejnfhvolobe is a wolf, rjnyzno is a chicken, so ejnfhvolobe is more likely to be in a forest than rjnyzno
nmzemgjitn is a wolf, premynxq is a chicken, so nmzemgjitn is more likely to be in a forest than premynxq
aogklontajr is a wolf, myvjpibllpeh is a chicken, so aogklontajr is more likely to be in a forest than myvjpibllpeh
gglihts is a wolf, ksu is a chicken, so gglihts is more likely to be in a forest than ksu
nrwarriokj is a wolf, cahakifng is a chicken, so cahakifng is less likely to be in a forest than nrwarriokj
ejnfhvolobe is a wolf, rjnyzno is a chicken, so rjnyzno is less likely to be in a forest than ejnfhvolobe
nmzemgjitn is a wolf, premynxq is a chicken, so premynxq is less likely to be in a forest than nmzemgjitn
aogklontajr is a wolf, myvjpibllpeh is a chicken, so myvjpibllpeh is less likely to be in a forest than aogklontajr
gglihts is a wolf, ksu is a chicken, so ksu is less likely to be in a forest than gglihts
leozove is a wolf, ynjsudv is a chicken, so leozove is not less likely to be in a forest than ynjsudv
ysoifecqtqc is a wolf, wnjrrq is a chicken, so ysoifecqtqc is not less likely to be in a forest than wnjrrq
lponxeze is a wolf, budzekz is a chicken, so lponxeze is not less likely to be in a forest than budzekz
ktuwresb is a wolf, bfk is a chicken, so ktuwresb is not less likely to be in a forest than bfk
ghxmhpmu is a wolf, ivnpxawjap is a chicken, so ghxmhpmu is not less likely to be in a forest than ivnpxawjap
ynjsudv is a wolf, leozove is a chicken, so leozove is not more likely to be in a forest than ynjsudv
wnjrrq is a wolf, ysoifecqtqc is a chicken, so ysoifecqtqc is not more likely to be in a forest than wnjrrq
budzekz is a wolf, lponxeze is a chicken, so lponxeze is not more likely to be in a forest than budzekz
bfk is a wolf, ktuwresb is a chicken, so ktuwresb is not more likely to be in a forest than bfk
ivnpxawjap is a wolf, ghxmhpmu is a chicken, so ghxmhpmu is not more likely to be in a forest than ivnpxawjap
qxjxfc is a bear, xvp is a bird, so qxjxfc is more likely to climb a tree than xvp
liptubjunq is a bear, khixbem is a bird, so liptubjunq is more likely to climb a tree than khixbem
wstrli is a bear, tehtnkbxxc is a bird, so wstrli is more likely to climb a tree than tehtnkbxxc
yhpfeeinxy is a bear, cbdpzxkhnkmu is a bird, so yhpfeeinxy is more likely to climb a tree than cbdpzxkhnkmu
sccqu is a bear, cjwlic is a bird, so sccqu is more likely to climb a tree than cjwlic
qxjxfc is a bear, xvp is a bird, so xvp is less likely to climb a tree than qxjxfc
liptubjunq is a bear, khixbem is a bird, so khixbem is less likely to climb a tree than liptubjunq
wstrli is a bear, tehtnkbxxc is a bird, so tehtnkbxxc is less likely to climb a tree than wstrli
yhpfeeinxy is a bear, cbdpzxkhnkmu is a bird, so cbdpzxkhnkmu is less likely to climb a tree than yhpfeeinxy
sccqu is a bear, cjwlic is a bird, so cjwlic is less likely to climb a tree than sccqu
wlph is a bear, jgzmq is a bird, so wlph is not less likely to climb a tree than jgzmq
odsls is a bear, aeeg is a bird, so odsls is not less likely to climb a tree than aeeg
bedxmqyduew is a bear, syycdwjdglnu is a bird, so bedxmqyduew is not less likely to climb a tree than syycdwjdglnu
xwwwfgrxwyk is a bear, crzcurznuuu is a bird, so xwwwfgrxwyk is not less likely to climb a tree than crzcurznuuu
aphikusbvc is a bear, nbnksl is a bird, so aphikusbvc is not less likely to climb a tree than nbnksl
jgzmq is a bear, wlph is a bird, so wlph is not more likely to climb a tree than jgzmq
aeeg is a bear, odsls is a bird, so odsls is not more likely to climb a tree than aeeg
syycdwjdglnu is a bear, bedxmqyduew is a bird, so bedxmqyduew is not more likely to climb a tree than syycdwjdglnu
crzcurznuuu is a bear, xwwwfgrxwyk is a bird, so xwwwfgrxwyk is not more likely to climb a tree than crzcurznuuu
nbnksl is a bear, aphikusbvc is a bird, so aphikusbvc is not more likely to climb a tree than nbnksl
nclph is a snake, azxckias is a scorpion, so nclph is more likely to be rude than azxckias
eeabgfsuoi is a snake, qyb is a scorpion, so eeabgfsuoi is more likely to be rude than qyb
lxspfqyid is a snake, hxbb is a scorpion, so lxspfqyid is more likely to be rude than hxbb
xapkik is a snake, karmx is a scorpion, so xapkik is more likely to be rude than karmx
jnxkud is a snake, tvqylkzfdz is a scorpion, so jnxkud is more likely to be rude than tvqylkzfdz
nclph is a snake, azxckias is a scorpion, so azxckias is less likely to be rude than nclph
eeabgfsuoi is a snake, qyb is a scorpion, so qyb is less likely to be rude than eeabgfsuoi
lxspfqyid is a snake, hxbb is a scorpion, so hxbb is less likely to be rude than lxspfqyid
xapkik is a snake, karmx is a scorpion, so karmx is less likely to be rude than xapkik
jnxkud is a snake, tvqylkzfdz is a scorpion, so tvqylkzfdz is less likely to be rude than jnxkud
pjcsnijznkqh is a snake, urgwihjsg is a scorpion, so pjcsnijznkqh is not less likely to be rude than urgwihjsg
rckothixp is a snake, sxhxpkrditm is a scorpion, so rckothixp is not less likely to be rude than sxhxpkrditm
iugl is a snake, epxwjqqal is a scorpion, so iugl is not less likely to be rude than epxwjqqal
mefpxjw is a snake, jro is a scorpion, so mefpxjw is not less likely to be rude than jro
lzjwysl is a snake, kghzrpg is a scorpion, so lzjwysl is not less likely to be rude than kghzrpg
urgwihjsg is a snake, pjcsnijznkqh is a scorpion, so pjcsnijznkqh is not more likely to be rude than urgwihjsg
sxhxpkrditm is a snake, rckothixp is a scorpion, so rckothixp is not more likely to be rude than sxhxpkrditm
epxwjqqal is a snake, iugl is a scorpion, so iugl is not more likely to be rude than epxwjqqal
jro is a snake, mefpxjw is a scorpion, so mefpxjw is not more likely to be rude than jro
kghzrpg is a snake, lzjwysl is a scorpion, so lzjwysl is not more likely to be rude than kghzrpg
niugfov is a horse, xigkqnwkzz is a fly, so niugfov is less likely to be at a horse than xigkqnwkzz
ksykodcoin is a horse, ufpyplwln is a fly, so ksykodcoin is less likely to be at a horse than ufpyplwln
rlwd is a horse, xqw is a fly, so rlwd is less likely to be at a horse than xqw
uwtf is a horse, xfwvahiw is a fly, so uwtf is less likely to be at a horse than xfwvahiw
pwuehmkbkm is a horse, wcjzx is a fly, so pwuehmkbkm is less likely to be at a horse than wcjzx
niugfov is a horse, xigkqnwkzz is a fly, so xigkqnwkzz is less likely to be in niugfov's vicinity than niugfov
ksykodcoin is a horse, ufpyplwln is a fly, so ufpyplwln is less likely to be in ksykodcoin's vicinity than ksykodcoin
rlwd is a horse, xqw is a fly, so xqw is less likely to be in rlwd's vicinity than rlwd
uwtf is a horse, xfwvahiw is a fly, so xfwvahiw is less likely to be in uwtf's vicinity than uwtf
pwuehmkbkm is a horse, wcjzx is a fly, so wcjzx is less likely to be in pwuehmkbkm's vicinity than pwuehmkbkm
appaoaw is a horse, qndbepgiddb is a fly, so appaoaw is not less likely to be in the vicinity than qndbepgiddb
xukfhyrdx is a horse, edqghdvcol is a fly, so xukfhyrdx is not less likely to be in the vicinity than edqghdvcol
vtgbnpr is a horse, oqxhgi is a fly, so vtgbnpr is not less likely to be in the vicinity than oqxhgi
oxoxx is a horse, ifydkhyeisiu is a fly, so oxoxx is not less likely to be in the vicinity than ifydkhyeisiu
bpzjll is a horse, ahwphq is a fly, so bpzjll is not less likely to be in the vicinity than ahwphq
qndbepgiddb is a horse, appaoaw is a fly, so appaoaw is not more likely to be in a horse than qndbepgiddb
edqghdvcol is a horse, xukfhyrdx is a fly, so xukfhyrdx is not more likely to be in a horse than edqghdvcol
oqxhgi is a horse, vtgbnpr is a fly, so vtgbnpr is not more likely to be in a horse than oqxhgi
ifydkhyeisiu is a horse, oxoxx is a fly, so oxoxx is not more likely to be in a horse than ifydkhyeisiu
ahwphq is a horse, bpzjll is a fly, so bpzjll is not more likely to be in a horse than ahwphq
taxeigbgx is a frog, drjmyoalsy is a cheetah, so taxeigbgx is more likely to be in the pond than drjmyoalsy
wrc is a frog, qbsvrabfzsu is a cheetah, so wrc is more likely to be in the pond than qbsvrabfzsu
nok is a frog, ockare is a cheetah, so nok is more likely to be in the pond than ockare
stkmky is a frog, ubotfeejmq is a cheetah, so stkmky is more likely to be in the pond than ubotfeejmq
eqspzbbtb is a frog, pxer is a cheetah, so eqspzbbtb is more likely to be in the pond than pxer
taxeigbgx is a frog, drjmyoalsy is a cheetah, so drjmyoalsy is less likely to return to the pond than taxeigbgx
wrc is a frog, qbsvrabfzsu is a cheetah, so qbsvrabfzsu is less likely to return to the pond than wrc
nok is a frog, ockare is a cheetah, so ockare is less likely to return to the pond than nok
stkmky is a frog, ubotfeejmq is a cheetah, so ubotfeejmq is less likely to return to the pond than stkmky
eqspzbbtb is a frog, pxer is a cheetah, so pxer is less likely to return to the pond than eqspzbbtb
chsddqzxpwn is a frog, fzpud is a cheetah, so chsddqzxpwn is not less likely to return to the pond than fzpud
greggh is a frog, kdjxlqoe is a cheetah, so greggh is not less likely to return to the pond than kdjxlqoe
khqdogpopp is a frog, kjkehip is a cheetah, so khqdogpopp is not less likely to return to the pond than kjkehip
qhywxdpadrn is a frog, oszchoqglidv is a cheetah, so qhywxdpadrn is not less likely to return to the pond than oszchoqglidv
tlmcj is a frog, hafi is a cheetah, so tlmcj is not less likely to return to the pond than hafi
fzpud is a frog, chsddqzxpwn is a cheetah, so chsddqzxpwn is not more likely to return to the pond than fzpud
kdjxlqoe is a frog, greggh is a cheetah, so greggh is not more likely to return to the pond than kdjxlqoe
kjkehip is a frog, khqdogpopp is a cheetah, so khqdogpopp is not more likely to return to the pond than kjkehip
oszchoqglidv is a frog, qhywxdpadrn is a cheetah, so qhywxdpadrn is not more likely to return to the pond than oszchoqglidv
hafi is a frog, tlmcj is a cheetah, so tlmcj is not more likely to return to the pond than hafi
siqwuagjrm is a horse, artrhyipb is a hamster, so siqwuagjrm is more likely to run in a pasture than artrhyipb
nag is a horse, grs is a hamster, so nag is more likely to run in a pasture than grs
xvvhlixyfn is a horse, xnqqvgiorbj is a hamster, so xvvhlixyfn is more likely to run in a pasture than xnqqvgiorbj
uqukcbcbw is a horse, ycbfmsv is a hamster, so uqukcbcbw is more likely to run in a pasture than ycbfmsv
rtnxvya is a horse, mbi is a hamster, so rtnxvya is more likely to run in a pasture than mbi
siqwuagjrm is a horse, artrhyipb is a hamster, so artrhyipb is less likely to run in a pasture than siqwuagjrm
nag is a horse, grs is a hamster, so grs is less likely to run in a pasture than nag
xvvhlixyfn is a horse, xnqqvgiorbj is a hamster, so xnqqvgiorbj is less likely to run in a pasture than xvvhlixyfn
uqukcbcbw is a horse, ycbfmsv is a hamster, so ycbfmsv is less likely to run in a pasture than uqukcbcbw
rtnxvya is a horse, mbi is a hamster, so mbi is less likely to run in a pasture than rtnxvya
cvjv is a horse, dbgnb is a hamster, so cvjv is not less likely to run in a pasture than dbgnb
xyofeyxmp is a horse, apydx is a hamster, so xyofeyxmp is not less likely to run in a pasture than apydx
kfbblj is a horse, illnipve is a hamster, so kfbblj is not less likely to run in a pasture than illnipve
ucndiqytb is a horse, povkv is a hamster, so ucndiqytb is not less likely to run in a pasture than povkv
wfiycayv is a horse, wseznr is a hamster, so wfiycayv is not less likely to run in a pasture than wseznr
dbgnb is a horse, cvjv is a hamster, so cvjv is not more likely to run in a pasture than dbgnb
apydx is a horse, xyofeyxmp is a hamster, so xyofeyxmp is not more likely to run in a pasture than apydx
illnipve is a horse, kfbblj is a hamster, so kfbblj is not more likely to run in a pasture than illnipve
povkv is a horse, ucndiqytb is a hamster, so ucndiqytb is not more likely to run in a pasture than povkv
wseznr is a horse, wfiycayv is a hamster, so wfiycayv is not more likely to run in a pasture than wseznr
kofpkt is a bee, ntmpsgythu is a tiger, so kofpkt is more likely to be in any garden than ntmpsgythu
fuj is a bee, sibadr is a tiger, so fuj is more likely to be in any garden than sibadr
udvpxnew is a bee, tqv is a tiger, so udvpxnew is more likely to be in any garden than tqv
cnkfwiwayfxh is a bee, kkwcrgk is a tiger, so cnkfwiwayfxh is more likely to be in any garden than kkwcrgk
zdwknpylhrs is a bee, eatpwjkbc is a tiger, so zdwknpylhrs is more likely to be in any garden than eatpwjkbc
kofpkt is a bee, ntmpsgythu is a tiger, so ntmpsgythu is more likely to be in any garden than kofpkt
fuj is a bee, sibadr is a tiger, so sibadr is more likely to be in any garden than fuj
udvpxnew is a bee, tqv is a tiger, so tqv is more likely to be in any garden than udvpxnew
cnkfwiwayfxh is a bee, kkwcrgk is a tiger, so kkwcrgk is more likely to be in any garden than cnkfwiwayfxh
zdwknpylhrs is a bee, eatpwjkbc is a tiger, so eatpwjkbc is more likely to be in any garden than zdwknpylhrs
ekhswyzbl is a bee, cfkzydfwoovz is a tiger, so ekhswyzbl is not less likely to be in any garden than cfkzydfwoovz
pgq is a bee, dlqvfytbqsq is a tiger, so pgq is not less likely to be in any garden than dlqvfytbqsq
duof is a bee, zdm is a tiger, so duof is not less likely to be in any garden than zdm
zhs is a bee, frzxbcncyc is a tiger, so zhs is not less likely to be in any garden than frzxbcncyc
bvierm is a bee, wwnoy is a tiger, so bvierm is not less likely to be in any garden than wwnoy
cfkzydfwoovz is a bee, ekhswyzbl is a tiger, so ekhswyzbl is not more likely to be in any garden than cfkzydfwoovz
dlqvfytbqsq is a bee, pgq is a tiger, so pgq is not more likely to be in any garden than dlqvfytbqsq
zdm is a bee, duof is a tiger, so duof is not more likely to be in any garden than zdm
frzxbcncyc is a bee, zhs is a tiger, so zhs is not more likely to be in any garden than frzxbcncyc
wwnoy is a bee, bvierm is a tiger, so bvierm is not more likely to be in any garden than wwnoy
tynebwwmz is a chicken, ovfwerk is a panda, so tynebwwmz is more likely to be in the oven than ovfwerk
pdjbywf is a chicken, rtftwrqjjzy is a panda, so pdjbywf is more likely to be in the oven than rtftwrqjjzy
khi is a chicken, wdfsboaedwf is a panda, so khi is more likely to be in the oven than wdfsboaedwf
ggsccbwi is a chicken, pbloe is a panda, so ggsccbwi is more likely to be in the oven than pbloe
wsd is a chicken, dbdtd is a panda, so wsd is more likely to be in the oven than dbdtd
tynebwwmz is a chicken, ovfwerk is a panda, so ovfwerk is less likely to be in the oven than tynebwwmz
pdjbywf is a chicken, rtftwrqjjzy is a panda, so rtftwrqjjzy is less likely to be in the oven than pdjbywf
khi is a chicken, wdfsboaedwf is a panda, so wdfsboaedwf is less likely to be in the oven than khi
ggsccbwi is a chicken, pbloe is a panda, so pbloe is less likely to be in the oven than ggsccbwi
wsd is a chicken, dbdtd is a panda, so dbdtd is less likely to be in the oven than wsd
duvfrjbqfasa is a chicken, svjp is a panda, so duvfrjbqfasa is not less likely to be in the oven than svjp
upwiqtkz is a chicken, ooot is a panda, so upwiqtkz is not less likely to be in the oven than ooot
jynrhsvhfe is a chicken, wbwjqhqwr is a panda, so jynrhsvhfe is not less likely to be in the oven than wbwjqhqwr
qbdjowiyif is a chicken, wjq is a panda, so qbdjowiyif is not less likely to be in the oven than wjq
roxw is a chicken, tkrdt is a panda, so roxw is not less likely to be in the oven than tkrdt
svjp is a chicken, duvfrjbqfasa is a panda, so duvfrjbqfasa is not more likely to be in the oven than svjp
ooot is a chicken, upwiqtkz is a panda, so upwiqtkz is not more likely to be in the oven than ooot
wbwjqhqwr is a chicken, jynrhsvhfe is a panda, so jynrhsvhfe is not more likely to be in the oven than wbwjqhqwr
wjq is a chicken, qbdjowiyif is a panda, so qbdjowiyif is not more likely to be in the oven than wjq
tkrdt is a chicken, roxw is a panda, so roxw is not more likely to be in the oven than tkrdt
pzj is a kangaroo, nci is a frog, so pzj is more likely to jump up and down than nci
dmtu is a kangaroo, utkoec is a frog, so dmtu is more likely to jump up and down than utkoec
rvvq is a kangaroo, iihsfi is a frog, so rvvq is more likely to jump up and down than iihsfi
ndamtitovl is a kangaroo, epvwtljnx is a frog, so ndamtitovl is more likely to jump up and down than epvwtljnx
tzpe is a kangaroo, dgs is a frog, so tzpe is more likely to jump up and down than dgs
pzj is a kangaroo, nci is a frog, so nci is less likely to jump up and down than pzj
dmtu is a kangaroo, utkoec is a frog, so utkoec is less likely to jump up and down than dmtu
rvvq is a kangaroo, iihsfi is a frog, so iihsfi is less likely to jump up and down than rvvq
ndamtitovl is a kangaroo, epvwtljnx is a frog, so epvwtljnx is less likely to jump up and down than ndamtitovl
tzpe is a kangaroo, dgs is a frog, so dgs is less likely to jump up and down than tzpe
hdjy is a kangaroo, azma is a frog, so hdjy is not less likely to jump up and down than azma
pspnedi is a kangaroo, nyu is a frog, so pspnedi is not less likely to jump up and down than nyu
dodegbxeb is a kangaroo, mpp is a frog, so dodegbxeb is not less likely to jump up and down than mpp
fwuzhks is a kangaroo, iwzcmmf is a frog, so fwuzhks is not less likely to jump up and down than iwzcmmf
thy is a kangaroo, njmlvre is a frog, so thy is not less likely to jump up and down than njmlvre
azma is a kangaroo, hdjy is a frog, so hdjy is not more likely to jump up and down than azma
nyu is a kangaroo, pspnedi is a frog, so pspnedi is not more likely to jump up and down than nyu
mpp is a kangaroo, dodegbxeb is a frog, so dodegbxeb is not more likely to jump up and down than mpp
iwzcmmf is a kangaroo, fwuzhks is a frog, so fwuzhks is not more likely to jump up and down than iwzcmmf
njmlvre is a kangaroo, thy is a frog, so thy is not more likely to jump up and down than njmlvre
xkclnrizm is a shark, rnmvaupqaxcb is a eagle, so xkclnrizm is more likely to be in the sea world than rnmvaupqaxcb
zcgutj is a shark, bjyskenm is a eagle, so zcgutj is more likely to be in the sea world than bjyskenm
fbwbsusrsc is a shark, zfir is a eagle, so fbwbsusrsc is more likely to be in the sea world than zfir
lwlf is a shark, uaorlzobzbb is a eagle, so lwlf is more likely to be in the sea world than uaorlzobzbb
ggrrzlrm is a shark, zdc is a eagle, so ggrrzlrm is more likely to be in the sea world than zdc
xkclnrizm is a shark, rnmvaupqaxcb is a eagle, so rnmvaupqaxcb is less likely to be in the sea world than xkclnrizm
zcgutj is a shark, bjyskenm is a eagle, so bjyskenm is less likely to be in the sea world than zcgutj
fbwbsusrsc is a shark, zfir is a eagle, so zfir is less likely to be in the sea world than fbwbsusrsc
lwlf is a shark, uaorlzobzbb is a eagle, so uaorlzobzbb is less likely to be in the sea world than lwlf
ggrrzlrm is a shark, zdc is a eagle, so zdc is less likely to be in the sea world than ggrrzlrm
hzfuk is a shark, sukuvubqcqcw is a eagle, so hzfuk is not less likely to be in the sea world than sukuvubqcqcw
oznowtk is a shark, voect is a eagle, so oznowtk is not less likely to be in the sea world than voect
tbbdrsxdwnrw is a shark, iew is a eagle, so tbbdrsxdwnrw is not less likely to be in the sea world than iew
xwb is a shark, xshzsyrvw is a eagle, so xwb is not less likely to be in the sea world than xshzsyrvw
yyzasmhnhxev is a shark, lhif is a eagle, so yyzasmhnhxev is not less likely to be in the sea world than lhif
sukuvubqcqcw is a shark, hzfuk is a eagle, so hzfuk is not more likely to be in the sea world than sukuvubqcqcw
voect is a shark, oznowtk is a eagle, so oznowtk is not more likely to be in the sea world than voect
iew is a shark, tbbdrsxdwnrw is a eagle, so tbbdrsxdwnrw is not more likely to be in the sea world than iew
xshzsyrvw is a shark, xwb is a eagle, so xwb is not more likely to be in the sea world than xshzsyrvw
lhif is a shark, yyzasmhnhxev is a eagle, so yyzasmhnhxev is not more likely to be in the sea world than lhif
ozgrgiclod is a fish, yxuvcwheuz is a dolphin, so ozgrgiclod is more likely to live in lakes than yxuvcwheuz
ccgfmaymwjmw is a fish, qzgtgifoxds is a dolphin, so ccgfmaymwjmw is more likely to live in lakes than qzgtgifoxds
szwaqvlpflsk is a fish, gakumyeirnzr is a dolphin, so szwaqvlpflsk is more likely to live in lakes than gakumyeirnzr
ggpjjmtflpg is a fish, lzu is a dolphin, so ggpjjmtflpg is more likely to live in lakes than lzu
qxpi is a fish, hnsdyvvpelzq is a dolphin, so qxpi is more likely to live in lakes than hnsdyvvpelzq
ozgrgiclod is a fish, yxuvcwheuz is a dolphin, so yxuvcwheuz is less likely to live in lakes than ozgrgiclod
ccgfmaymwjmw is a fish, qzgtgifoxds is a dolphin, so qzgtgifoxds is less likely to live in lakes than ccgfmaymwjmw
szwaqvlpflsk is a fish, gakumyeirnzr is a dolphin, so gakumyeirnzr is less likely to live in lakes than szwaqvlpflsk
ggpjjmtflpg is a fish, lzu is a dolphin, so lzu is less likely to live in lakes than ggpjjmtflpg
qxpi is a fish, hnsdyvvpelzq is a dolphin, so hnsdyvvpelzq is less likely to live in lakes than qxpi
zyx is a fish, hkbslmy is a dolphin, so zyx is not less likely to live in lakes than hkbslmy
jcpia is a fish, unvio is a dolphin, so jcpia is not less likely to live in lakes than unvio
eevucoim is a fish, hbh is a dolphin, so eevucoim is not less likely to live in lakes than hbh
cvoeemgwtx is a fish, afgv is a dolphin, so cvoeemgwtx is not less likely to live in lakes than afgv
xdbqea is a fish, npwgzy is a dolphin, so xdbqea is not less likely to live in lakes than npwgzy
hkbslmy is a fish, zyx is a dolphin, so zyx is not more likely to live in lakes than hkbslmy
unvio is a fish, jcpia is a dolphin, so jcpia is not more likely to live in lakes than unvio
hbh is a fish, eevucoim is a dolphin, so eevucoim is not more likely to live in lakes than hbh
afgv is a fish, cvoeemgwtx is a dolphin, so cvoeemgwtx is not more likely to live in lakes than afgv
npwgzy is a fish, xdbqea is a dolphin, so xdbqea is not more likely to live in lakes than npwgzy
gthketelorft is a owl, lzglvz is a rabbit, so gthketelorft is more likely to rest during the day than lzglvz
vrqptzr is a owl, xkkbpwztea is a rabbit, so vrqptzr is more likely to rest during the day than xkkbpwztea
pxutodiyossv is a owl, czzusnysrfz is a rabbit, so pxutodiyossv is more likely to rest during the day than czzusnysrfz
ysznym is a owl, pweuddf is a rabbit, so ysznym is more likely to rest during the day than pweuddf
qhvhdndbydcl is a owl, nztllmhslrk is a rabbit, so qhvhdndbydcl is more likely to rest during the day than nztllmhslrk
gthketelorft is a owl, lzglvz is a rabbit, so lzglvz is less likely to rest during the day than gthketelorft
vrqptzr is a owl, xkkbpwztea is a rabbit, so xkkbpwztea is less likely to rest during the day than vrqptzr
pxutodiyossv is a owl, czzusnysrfz is a rabbit, so czzusnysrfz is less likely to rest during the day than pxutodiyossv
ysznym is a owl, pweuddf is a rabbit, so pweuddf is less likely to rest during the day than ysznym
qhvhdndbydcl is a owl, nztllmhslrk is a rabbit, so nztllmhslrk is less likely to rest during the day than qhvhdndbydcl
fsoqieoy is a owl, cdeqmlhbmgeu is a rabbit, so fsoqieoy is not less likely to rest during the day than cdeqmlhbmgeu
fmqlzgalb is a owl, emzcb is a rabbit, so fmqlzgalb is not less likely to rest during the day than emzcb
ttzoyltfxqf is a owl, vjr is a rabbit, so ttzoyltfxqf is not less likely to rest during the day than vjr
fuajgzjvvuqb is a owl, glctgyumeid is a rabbit, so fuajgzjvvuqb is not less likely to rest during the day than glctgyumeid
qpz is a owl, nobc is a rabbit, so qpz is not less likely to rest during the day than nobc
cdeqmlhbmgeu is a owl, fsoqieoy is a rabbit, so fsoqieoy is not more likely to rest during the day than cdeqmlhbmgeu
emzcb is a owl, fmqlzgalb is a rabbit, so fmqlzgalb is not more likely to rest during the day than emzcb
vjr is a owl, ttzoyltfxqf is a rabbit, so ttzoyltfxqf is not more likely to rest during the day than vjr
glctgyumeid is a owl, fuajgzjvvuqb is a rabbit, so fuajgzjvvuqb is not more likely to rest during the day than glctgyumeid
nobc is a owl, qpz is a rabbit, so qpz is not more likely to rest during the day than nobc
qlnky is a bee, wvbsrmeshasm is a crocodile, so qlnky is more likely to sting you than wvbsrmeshasm
mxhuqxtabgi is a bee, wuiw is a crocodile, so mxhuqxtabgi is more likely to sting you than wuiw
phxuhsuabuna is a bee, ufddelavjbn is a crocodile, so phxuhsuabuna is more likely to sting you than ufddelavjbn
cxzyqmgi is a bee, eecgi is a crocodile, so cxzyqmgi is more likely to sting you than eecgi
jlbfkvbuhl is a bee, ublrbth is a crocodile, so jlbfkvbuhl is more likely to sting you than ublrbth
qlnky is a bee, wvbsrmeshasm is a crocodile, so wvbsrmeshasm is less likely to sting you than qlnky
mxhuqxtabgi is a bee, wuiw is a crocodile, so wuiw is less likely to sting you than mxhuqxtabgi
phxuhsuabuna is a bee, ufddelavjbn is a crocodile, so ufddelavjbn is less likely to sting you than phxuhsuabuna
cxzyqmgi is a bee, eecgi is a crocodile, so eecgi is less likely to sting you than cxzyqmgi
jlbfkvbuhl is a bee, ublrbth is a crocodile, so ublrbth is less likely to sting you than jlbfkvbuhl
zzumyds is a bee, tjv is a crocodile, so zzumyds is not less likely to sting you than tjv
qtis is a bee, bqt is a crocodile, so qtis is not less likely to sting you than bqt
tgulrozkgpc is a bee, aqsjlqxaxod is a crocodile, so tgulrozkgpc is not less likely to sting you than aqsjlqxaxod
fnlw is a bee, exuoodor is a crocodile, so fnlw is not less likely to sting you than exuoodor
udcc is a bee, scvyx is a crocodile, so udcc is not less likely to sting you than scvyx
tjv is a bee, zzumyds is a crocodile, so zzumyds is not more likely to sting you than tjv
bqt is a bee, qtis is a crocodile, so qtis is not more likely to sting you than bqt
aqsjlqxaxod is a bee, tgulrozkgpc is a crocodile, so tgulrozkgpc is not more likely to sting you than aqsjlqxaxod
exuoodor is a bee, fnlw is a crocodile, so fnlw is not more likely to sting you than exuoodor
scvyx is a bee, udcc is a crocodile, so udcc is not more likely to sting you than scvyx
apipjgwwo is a squirrel, ahfvlpv is a rat, so apipjgwwo is less likely to be on a street than ahfvlpv
smefx is a squirrel, ccc is a rat, so smefx is less likely to be on a street than ccc
fmbgbkvfjusp is a squirrel, zsjwnuhjiv is a rat, so fmbgbkvfjusp is less likely to be on a street than zsjwnuhjiv
lusfzfcwjv is a squirrel, iqb is a rat, so lusfzfcwjv is less likely to be on a street than iqb
ouahyoj is a squirrel, rfgv is a rat, so ouahyoj is less likely to be on a street than rfgv
apipjgwwo is a squirrel, ahfvlpv is a rat, so ahfvlpv is less likely to be on a street than apipjgwwo
smefx is a squirrel, ccc is a rat, so ccc is less likely to be on a street than smefx
fmbgbkvfjusp is a squirrel, zsjwnuhjiv is a rat, so zsjwnuhjiv is less likely to be on a street than fmbgbkvfjusp
lusfzfcwjv is a squirrel, iqb is a rat, so iqb is less likely to be on a street than lusfzfcwjv
ouahyoj is a squirrel, rfgv is a rat, so rfgv is less likely to be on a street than ouahyoj
kuyiawunf is a squirrel, gzo is a rat, so kuyiawunf is not less likely to be on a street than gzo
edtg is a squirrel, ofmgpwrff is a rat, so edtg is not less likely to be on a street than ofmgpwrff
rxtevnfg is a squirrel, jiokcft is a rat, so rxtevnfg is not less likely to be on a street than jiokcft
miuat is a squirrel, xphsumxsfwm is a rat, so miuat is not less likely to be on a street than xphsumxsfwm
ugwvdxvxpscd is a squirrel, wyf is a rat, so ugwvdxvxpscd is not less likely to be on a street than wyf
gzo is a squirrel, kuyiawunf is a rat, so kuyiawunf is not more likely to be on a street than gzo
ofmgpwrff is a squirrel, edtg is a rat, so edtg is not more likely to be on a street than ofmgpwrff
jiokcft is a squirrel, rxtevnfg is a rat, so rxtevnfg is not more likely to be on a street than jiokcft
xphsumxsfwm is a squirrel, miuat is a rat, so miuat is not more likely to be on a street than xphsumxsfwm
wyf is a squirrel, ugwvdxvxpscd is a rat, so ugwvdxvxpscd is not more likely to be on a street than wyf
yvavbzmcuwe is a bird, mtwzeklxedl is a fish, so yvavbzmcuwe is more likely to head south than mtwzeklxedl
kon is a bird, gbpdgga is a fish, so kon is more likely to head south than gbpdgga
rofsg is a bird, sjdquz is a fish, so rofsg is more likely to head south than sjdquz
afpia is a bird, mtgdwsruylp is a fish, so afpia is more likely to head south than mtgdwsruylp
yemyohiz is a bird, bmsm is a fish, so yemyohiz is more likely to head south than bmsm
yvavbzmcuwe is a bird, mtwzeklxedl is a fish, so mtwzeklxedl is less likely to head south than yvavbzmcuwe
kon is a bird, gbpdgga is a fish, so gbpdgga is less likely to head south than kon
rofsg is a bird, sjdquz is a fish, so sjdquz is less likely to head south than rofsg
afpia is a bird, mtgdwsruylp is a fish, so mtgdwsruylp is less likely to head south than afpia
yemyohiz is a bird, bmsm is a fish, so bmsm is less likely to head south than yemyohiz
uksgabeibge is a bird, tslmqts is a fish, so uksgabeibge is not less likely to head south than tslmqts
yynh is a bird, mrcwwmgdtutj is a fish, so yynh is not less likely to head south than mrcwwmgdtutj
oouubaws is a bird, zijgpwsua is a fish, so oouubaws is not less likely to head south than zijgpwsua
vpnmlkeelti is a bird, dzx is a fish, so vpnmlkeelti is not less likely to head south than dzx
iwd is a bird, qaaouwtdvhif is a fish, so iwd is not less likely to head south than qaaouwtdvhif
tslmqts is a bird, uksgabeibge is a fish, so uksgabeibge is not more likely to head south than tslmqts
mrcwwmgdtutj is a bird, yynh is a fish, so yynh is not more likely to head south than mrcwwmgdtutj
zijgpwsua is a bird, oouubaws is a fish, so oouubaws is not more likely to head south than zijgpwsua
dzx is a bird, vpnmlkeelti is a fish, so vpnmlkeelti is not more likely to head south than dzx
qaaouwtdvhif is a bird, iwd is a fish, so iwd is not more likely to head south than qaaouwtdvhif
kkuhllesia is a pianist, yxtvi is a violinist, so kkuhllesia is more likely to perform concert than yxtvi
ywha is a pianist, tflyvyeiuh is a violinist, so ywha is more likely to perform concert than tflyvyeiuh
qcbplnoh is a pianist, ievcdlvb is a violinist, so qcbplnoh is more likely to perform concert than ievcdlvb
mmqxmyjb is a pianist, jnpejpk is a violinist, so mmqxmyjb is more likely to perform concert than jnpejpk
urtegcv is a pianist, barus is a violinist, so urtegcv is more likely to perform concert than barus
kkuhllesia is a pianist, yxtvi is a violinist, so yxtvi is less likely to perform concert than kkuhllesia
ywha is a pianist, tflyvyeiuh is a violinist, so tflyvyeiuh is less likely to perform concert than ywha
qcbplnoh is a pianist, ievcdlvb is a violinist, so ievcdlvb is less likely to perform concert than qcbplnoh
mmqxmyjb is a pianist, jnpejpk is a violinist, so jnpejpk is less likely to perform concert than mmqxmyjb
urtegcv is a pianist, barus is a violinist, so barus is less likely to perform concert than urtegcv
adt is a pianist, ypvxacrhsdwn is not, so adt is not less likely to perform concert than ypvxacrhsdwn
fxblzocn is a pianist, xhuqhhx is not, so fxblzocn is not less likely to perform concert than xhuqhhx
afix is a pianist, qkpbfnv is not, so afix is not less likely to perform concert than qkpbfnv
awnrglfhtco is a pianist, ewdo is not, so awnrglfhtco is not less likely to perform concert than ewdo
pdjhzvvi is a pianist, dene is not, so pdjhzvvi is not less likely to perform concert than dene
ypvxacrhsdwn is a pianist, adt is not, so adt is not more likely to perform concert than ypvxacrhsdwn
xhuqhhx is a pianist, fxblzocn is not, so fxblzocn is not more likely to perform concert than xhuqhhx
qkpbfnv is a pianist, afix is not, so afix is not more likely to perform concert than qkpbfnv
ewdo is a pianist, awnrglfhtco is not, so awnrglfhtco is not more likely to perform concert than ewdo
dene is a pianist, pdjhzvvi is not, so pdjhzvvi is not more likely to perform concert than dene
maqae is a musical producer, bgpcigcklje is a musician, so maqae is more likely to play musical well than bgpcigcklje
uar is a musical producer, ybvwtbghum is a musician, so uar is more likely to play musical well than ybvwtbghum
stcarx is a musical producer, mdajx is a musician, so stcarx is more likely to play musical well than mdajx
cvswsn is a musical producer, isbu is a musician, so cvswsn is more likely to play musical well than isbu
dqiu is a musical producer, ofd is a musician, so dqiu is more likely to play musical well than ofd
maqae is bgpcigcklje's producer, so bgpcigcklje is more likely to play musical well than maqae
uar is ybvwtbghum's producer, so ybvwtbghum is more likely to play musical well than uar
stcarx is mdajx's producer, so mdajx is more likely to play musical well than stcarx
cvswsn is isbu's producer, so isbu is more likely to play musical well than cvswsn
dqiu is ofd's producer, so ofd is more likely to play musical well than dqiu
xgttiq is a musical producer, xlzzztgxxnp is not, so xgttiq is not less likely to play musical well than xlzzztgxxnp
clrjm is a musical producer, fsstcrzk is not, so clrjm is not less likely to play musical well than fsstcrzk
zmvxldeo is a musical producer, ljkrfeqfbdqp is not, so zmvxldeo is not less likely to play musical well than ljkrfeqfbdqp
uutiz is a musical producer, vwewrhcz is not, so uutiz is not less likely to play musical well than vwewrhcz
rznmhvvnoy is a musical producer, zgzgf is not, so rznmhvvnoy is not less likely to play musical well than zgzgf
xlzzztgxxnp is a producer, xgttiq is not, so xgttiq is not more likely to play musical well than xlzzztgxxnp
fsstcrzk is a producer, clrjm is not, so clrjm is not more likely to play musical well than fsstcrzk
ljkrfeqfbdqp is a producer, zmvxldeo is not, so zmvxldeo is not more likely to play musical well than ljkrfeqfbdqp
vwewrhcz is a producer, uutiz is not, so uutiz is not more likely to play musical well than vwewrhcz
zgzgf is a producer, rznmhvvnoy is not, so rznmhvvnoy is not more likely to play musical well than zgzgf
jkhesjwcpuqx is a engineer, okjticdksspc is not, so jkhesjwcpuqx is more likely to be engineer than okjticdksspc
gceb is a engineer, lsagvic is not, so gceb is more likely to be engineer than lsagvic
hyctcsj is a engineer, pjnmykewml is not, so hyctcsj is more likely to be engineer than pjnmykewml
wtimhetjw is a engineer, mcwybaxic is not, so wtimhetjw is more likely to be engineer than mcwybaxic
ariilufm is a engineer, jrolhafl is not, so ariilufm is more likely to be engineer than jrolhafl
jkhesjwcpuqx is a engineer, okjticdksspc is not, so okjticdksspc is less likely to be engineer than jkhesjwcpuqx
gceb is a engineer, lsagvic is not, so lsagvic is less likely to be engineer than gceb
hyctcsj is a engineer, pjnmykewml is not, so pjnmykewml is less likely to be engineer than hyctcsj
wtimhetjw is a engineer, mcwybaxic is not, so mcwybaxic is less likely to be engineer than wtimhetjw
ariilufm is a engineer, jrolhafl is not, so jrolhafl is less likely to be engineer than ariilufm
bumsuzfzmsw is a engineer, rvbnnjfcthpd is not, so bumsuzfzmsw is not less likely to be engineer than rvbnnjfcthpd
bkdpcrnqseg is a engineer, ftknnlhadibs is not, so bkdpcrnqseg is not less likely to be engineer than ftknnlhadibs
zcx is a engineer, klegpf is not, so zcx is not less likely to be engineer than klegpf
jndiwscqfbr is a engineer, kcdfnjq is not, so jndiwscqfbr is not less likely to be engineer than kcdfnjq
hosni is a engineer, oqxmkevkun is not, so hosni is not less likely to be engineer than oqxmkevkun
rvbnnjfcthpd is not bumsuzfzmsw's engineer, so bumsuzfzmsw is not more likely to be engineer than rvbnnjfcthpd
ftknnlhadibs is not bkdpcrnqseg's engineer, so bkdpcrnqseg is not more likely to be engineer than ftknnlhadibs
klegpf is not zcx's engineer, so zcx is not more likely to be engineer than klegpf
kcdfnjq is not jndiwscqfbr's engineer, so jndiwscqfbr is not more likely to be engineer than kcdfnjq
oqxmkevkun is not hosni's engineer, so hosni is not more likely to be engineer than oqxmkevkun
ghnecs is a banker, gmsp is not, so ghnecs is less likely to borrow money from bank than gmsp
glb is a banker, yosblfzbkjz is not, so glb is less likely to borrow money from bank than yosblfzbkjz
twozdihv is a banker, vjaxfmnzjzis is not, so twozdihv is less likely to borrow money from bank than vjaxfmnzjzis
swe is a banker, wnwixqveup is not, so swe is less likely to borrow money from bank than wnwixqveup
ijyr is a banker, bxmvdc is not, so ijyr is less likely to borrow money from bank than bxmvdc
ghnecs is a banker, gmsp is not, so gmsp is less likely to borrow money from bank than ghnecs
glb is a banker, yosblfzbkjz is not, so yosblfzbkjz is less likely to borrow money from bank than glb
twozdihv is a banker, vjaxfmnzjzis is not, so vjaxfmnzjzis is less likely to borrow money from bank than twozdihv
swe is a banker, wnwixqveup is not, so wnwixqveup is less likely to borrow money from bank than swe
ijyr is a banker, bxmvdc is not, so bxmvdc is less likely to borrow money from bank than ijyr
yctn is a banker, duqdahyqi is not, so yctn is not less likely to borrow money from bank than duqdahyqi
zpjdkepkztb is a banker, lkcrukbua is not, so zpjdkepkztb is not less likely to borrow money from bank than lkcrukbua
isxgktnxr is a banker, psywzlscocnp is not, so isxgktnxr is not less likely to borrow money from bank than psywzlscocnp
dwuwldwwpv is a banker, uyjcgfgz is not, so dwuwldwwpv is not less likely to borrow money from bank than uyjcgfgz
jwwofiyjrvmq is a banker, efx is not, so jwwofiyjrvmq is not less likely to borrow money from bank than efx
duqdahyqi is yctn's banker, so yctn is not more likely to borrow money from bank than duqdahyqi
lkcrukbua is zpjdkepkztb's banker, so zpjdkepkztb is not more likely to borrow money from bank than lkcrukbua
psywzlscocnp is isxgktnxr's banker, so isxgktnxr is not more likely to borrow money from bank than psywzlscocnp
uyjcgfgz is dwuwldwwpv's banker, so dwuwldwwpv is not more likely to borrow money from bank than uyjcgfgz
efx is jwwofiyjrvmq's banker, so jwwofiyjrvmq is not more likely to borrow money from bank than efx
ageh is a singer, luyweorzy is a dancer, so ageh is more likely to act in play than luyweorzy
ujiatmxq is a singer, lctrmzios is a dancer, so ujiatmxq is more likely to act in play than lctrmzios
uclxjfgztafc is a singer, nzda is a dancer, so uclxjfgztafc is more likely to act in play than nzda
mafcqhc is a singer, jiolzurqz is a dancer, so mafcqhc is more likely to act in play than jiolzurqz
kxtlub is a singer, cmroiojrbnyx is a dancer, so kxtlub is more likely to act in play than cmroiojrbnyx
ageh is a singer, luyweorzy is a dancer, so luyweorzy is less likely to act in play than ageh
ujiatmxq is a singer, lctrmzios is a dancer, so lctrmzios is less likely to act in play than ujiatmxq
uclxjfgztafc is a singer, nzda is a dancer, so nzda is less likely to act in play than uclxjfgztafc
mafcqhc is a singer, jiolzurqz is a dancer, so jiolzurqz is less likely to act in play than mafcqhc
kxtlub is a singer, cmroiojrbnyx is a dancer, so cmroiojrbnyx is less likely to act in play than kxtlub
tbtnwtxdgn is a singer, tgt is a dancer, so tbtnwtxdgn is not less likely to act in play than tgt
lvpwtc is a singer, lderwoyitfxc is a dancer, so lvpwtc is not less likely to act in play than lderwoyitfxc
llqorgiqgm is a singer, hzfvzijzyx is a dancer, so llqorgiqgm is not less likely to act in play than hzfvzijzyx
bymptxfs is a singer, eusld is a dancer, so bymptxfs is not less likely to act in play than eusld
ywp is a singer, pfsf is a dancer, so ywp is not less likely to act in play than pfsf
tgt is a singer, tbtnwtxdgn is not, so tbtnwtxdgn is not more likely to act in play than tgt
lderwoyitfxc is a singer, lvpwtc is not, so lvpwtc is not more likely to act in play than lderwoyitfxc
hzfvzijzyx is a singer, llqorgiqgm is not, so llqorgiqgm is not more likely to act in play than hzfvzijzyx
eusld is a singer, bymptxfs is not, so bymptxfs is not more likely to act in play than eusld
pfsf is a singer, ywp is not, so ywp is not more likely to act in play than pfsf
adllzuj is a poet, hvupbbkm is a poet, so adllzuj is more likely to express his emotion than hvupbbkm
zzfqebcov is a poet, rjbgftknyg is a poet, so zzfqebcov is more likely to express his emotion than rjbgftknyg
kxdipvhnh is a poet, khm is a poet, so kxdipvhnh is more likely to express his emotion than khm
iaqip is a poet, tzfviotkv is a poet, so iaqip is more likely to express his emotion than tzfviotkv
wao is a poet, okbkmtsbk is a poet, so wao is more likely to express his emotion than okbkmtsbk
adllzuj is a poet, hvupbbkm is not, so hvupbbkm is less likely to express his emotion than adllzuj
zzfqebcov is a poet, rjbgftknyg is not, so rjbgftknyg is less likely to express his emotion than zzfqebcov
kxdipvhnh is a poet, khm is not, so khm is less likely to express his emotion than kxdipvhnh
iaqip is a poet, tzfviotkv is not, so tzfviotkv is less likely to express his emotion than iaqip
wao is a poet, okbkmtsbk is not, so okbkmtsbk is less likely to express his emotion than wao
odjxzb is a poet, hwjhal is not, so odjxzb is not less likely to express his emotion than hwjhal
payxnx is a poet, euj is not, so payxnx is not less likely to express his emotion than euj
nilnngm is a poet, bmneqmj is not, so nilnngm is not less likely to express his emotion than bmneqmj
gdveeaykjg is a poet, odw is not, so gdveeaykjg is not less likely to express his emotion than odw
ezzvu is a poet, cnbivt is not, so ezzvu is not less likely to express his emotion than cnbivt
hwjhal is a poet, odjxzb is not, so odjxzb is not more likely to express his emotion than hwjhal
euj is a poet, payxnx is not, so payxnx is not more likely to express his emotion than euj
bmneqmj is a poet, nilnngm is not, so nilnngm is not more likely to express his emotion than bmneqmj
odw is a poet, gdveeaykjg is not, so gdveeaykjg is not more likely to express his emotion than odw
cnbivt is a poet, ezzvu is not, so ezzvu is not more likely to express his emotion than cnbivt
jem is more likely to play baseball than rrsa, so jem is less likely to play baseball than rrsa
xryevqrjwcho is more likely to play baseball than ygow, so xryevqrjwcho is less likely to play baseball than ygow
rlhdab is more likely to play baseball than lpyjyw, so rlhdab is less likely to play baseball than lpyjyw
dkwmqgo is more likely to play baseball than zqfo, so dkwmqgo is less likely to play baseball than zqfo
vntb is more likely to play baseball than frjlbyfmqd, so vntb is less likely to play baseball than frjlbyfmqd
jem is less likely to play baseball than rrsa, so rrsa is less likely to play baseball than jem
xryevqrjwcho is less likely to play baseball than ygow, so ygow is less likely to play baseball than xryevqrjwcho
rlhdab is less likely to play baseball than lpyjyw, so lpyjyw is less likely to play baseball than rlhdab
dkwmqgo is less likely to play baseball than zqfo, so zqfo is less likely to play baseball than dkwmqgo
vntb is less likely to play baseball than frjlbyfmqd, so frjlbyfmqd is less likely to play baseball than vntb
emcw is able to play baseball more than ldvvopeaxbk, so emcw is not less likely to play baseball than ldvvopeaxbk
uzlnpqlf is able to play baseball more than fak, so uzlnpqlf is not less likely to play baseball than fak
sboqghqj is able to play baseball more than kgjhy, so sboqghqj is not less likely to play baseball than kgjhy
yutqdpqy is able to play baseball more than qzlav, so yutqdpqy is not less likely to play baseball than qzlav
xcyxw is able to play baseball more than ovzoyk, so xcyxw is not less likely to play baseball than ovzoyk
ldvvopeaxbk is smaller than emcw, so emcw is not more likely to play baseball than ldvvopeaxbk
fak is smaller than uzlnpqlf, so uzlnpqlf is not more likely to play baseball than fak
kgjhy is smaller than sboqghqj, so sboqghqj is not more likely to play baseball than kgjhy
qzlav is smaller than yutqdpqy, so yutqdpqy is not more likely to play baseball than qzlav
ovzoyk is smaller than xcyxw, so xcyxw is not more likely to play baseball than ovzoyk
ldywxyrxzri is able to hit triple more than lcajzblxcunf, so ldywxyrxzri is more likely to hit triple than lcajzblxcunf
vpf is able to hit triple more than yasxpsoys, so vpf is more likely to hit triple than yasxpsoys
uvfinlyobz is able to hit triple more than gnlqhvon, so uvfinlyobz is more likely to hit triple than gnlqhvon
btelzafxfe is able to hit triple more than fctslchfqgxb, so btelzafxfe is more likely to hit triple than fctslchfqgxb
kretd is able to hit triple more than ampvtmjl, so kretd is more likely to hit triple than ampvtmjl
ldywxyrxzri is less likely to hit triple than lcajzblxcunf, so lcajzblxcunf is less likely to hit triple than ldywxyrxzri
vpf is less likely to hit triple than yasxpsoys, so yasxpsoys is less likely to hit triple than vpf
uvfinlyobz is less likely to hit triple than gnlqhvon, so gnlqhvon is less likely to hit triple than uvfinlyobz
btelzafxfe is less likely to hit triple than fctslchfqgxb, so fctslchfqgxb is less likely to hit triple than btelzafxfe
kretd is less likely to hit triple than ampvtmjl, so ampvtmjl is less likely to hit triple than kretd
imwmoys is able to hit triple more than aaranghudr, so imwmoys is not less likely to hit triple than aaranghudr
qpnyxmre is able to hit triple more than unsf, so qpnyxmre is not less likely to hit triple than unsf
zrbjqiciesne is able to hit triple more than mtbsz, so zrbjqiciesne is not less likely to hit triple than mtbsz
bergydlcf is able to hit triple more than gebshvkxm, so bergydlcf is not less likely to hit triple than gebshvkxm
itjdbhduqfa is able to hit triple more than ywrty, so itjdbhduqfa is not less likely to hit triple than ywrty
aaranghudr is able to hit triple more than imwmoys, so imwmoys is not more likely to hit triple than aaranghudr
unsf is able to hit triple more than qpnyxmre, so qpnyxmre is not more likely to hit triple than unsf
mtbsz is able to hit triple more than zrbjqiciesne, so zrbjqiciesne is not more likely to hit triple than mtbsz
gebshvkxm is able to hit triple more than bergydlcf, so bergydlcf is not more likely to hit triple than gebshvkxm
ywrty is able to hit triple more than itjdbhduqfa, so itjdbhduqfa is not more likely to hit triple than ywrty
bgolo is able to settle dispute more than qypxgiakuytx, so bgolo is more likely to settle dispute than qypxgiakuytx
qpsc is able to settle dispute more than vzkoldal, so qpsc is more likely to settle dispute than vzkoldal
pyzvyl is able to settle dispute more than mdf, so pyzvyl is more likely to settle dispute than mdf
gvftotlnx is able to settle dispute more than neyjmmybqc, so gvftotlnx is more likely to settle dispute than neyjmmybqc
bbhshzhjiinl is able to settle dispute more than twdfjpad, so bbhshzhjiinl is more likely to settle dispute than twdfjpad
bgolo is a judge, qypxgiakuytx is a lawyer, so qypxgiakuytx is less likely to settle dispute than bgolo
qpsc is a judge, vzkoldal is a lawyer, so vzkoldal is less likely to settle dispute than qpsc
pyzvyl is a judge, mdf is a lawyer, so mdf is less likely to settle dispute than pyzvyl
gvftotlnx is a judge, neyjmmybqc is a lawyer, so neyjmmybqc is less likely to settle dispute than gvftotlnx
bbhshzhjiinl is a judge, twdfjpad is a lawyer, so twdfjpad is less likely to settle dispute than bbhshzhjiinl
nblxnyzqipdc is a judge, mblpw is not, so nblxnyzqipdc is not less likely to settle dispute than mblpw
lcejqlldwlu is a judge, rlkijuwnq is not, so lcejqlldwlu is not less likely to settle dispute than rlkijuwnq
tag is a judge, rdyavlt is not, so tag is not less likely to settle dispute than rdyavlt
dztmhxbolvr is a judge, emcwnw is not, so dztmhxbolvr is not less likely to settle dispute than emcwnw
zxy is a judge, anuyxgvwkuc is not, so zxy is not less likely to settle dispute than anuyxgvwkuc
mblpw is not nblxnyzqipdc's judge, so nblxnyzqipdc is not less likely to settle dispute than mblpw
rlkijuwnq is not lcejqlldwlu's judge, so lcejqlldwlu is not less likely to settle dispute than rlkijuwnq
rdyavlt is not tag's judge, so tag is not less likely to settle dispute than rdyavlt
emcwnw is not dztmhxbolvr's judge, so dztmhxbolvr is not less likely to settle dispute than emcwnw
anuyxgvwkuc is not zxy's judge, so zxy is not less likely to settle dispute than anuyxgvwkuc
jsmnd is mnuz's parent, so jsmnd is more likely to raise his child than mnuz
dnjkncpmvp is xlouvfo's parent, so dnjkncpmvp is more likely to raise his child than xlouvfo
xxezxcap is pvmydna's parent, so xxezxcap is more likely to raise his child than pvmydna
wqaabbpvwlth is xhqam's parent, so wqaabbpvwlth is more likely to raise his child than xhqam
mbl is xedzsjfkoxs's parent, so mbl is more likely to raise his child than xedzsjfkoxs
jsmnd is mnuz's parent, so mnuz is less likely to raise his child than jsmnd
dnjkncpmvp is xlouvfo's parent, so xlouvfo is less likely to raise his child than dnjkncpmvp
xxezxcap is pvmydna's parent, so pvmydna is less likely to raise his child than xxezxcap
wqaabbpvwlth is xhqam's parent, so xhqam is less likely to raise his child than wqaabbpvwlth
mbl is xedzsjfkoxs's parent, so xedzsjfkoxs is less likely to raise his child than mbl
sqawpqrvgjmt is esl's parent, so sqawpqrvgjmt is not less likely to raise his child than esl
fzjidecn is xwwvwovpqy's parent, so fzjidecn is not less likely to raise his child than xwwvwovpqy
ypkaox is sfqixsb's parent, so ypkaox is not less likely to raise his child than sfqixsb
nvlfxggqd is twfvshquzlo's parent, so nvlfxggqd is not less likely to raise his child than twfvshquzlo
glx is rytaf's parent, so glx is not less likely to raise his child than rytaf
esl is sqawpqrvgjmt's parent, so sqawpqrvgjmt is not more likely to raise his child than esl
xwwvwovpqy is fzjidecn's parent, so fzjidecn is not more likely to raise his child than xwwvwovpqy
sfqixsb is ypkaox's parent, so ypkaox is not more likely to raise his child than sfqixsb
twfvshquzlo is nvlfxggqd's parent, so nvlfxggqd is not more likely to raise his child than twfvshquzlo
rytaf is glx's parent, so glx is not more likely to raise his child than rytaf
csi is achemist, aiuewgsy is a chemist, so csi is less likely to experiment than aiuewgsy
sznhurdhlm is achemist, ahtjcemi is a chemist, so sznhurdhlm is less likely to experiment than ahtjcemi
dfe is achemist, nvuzi is a chemist, so dfe is less likely to experiment than nvuzi
xaquoxhnc is achemist, xpodckfijrgq is a chemist, so xaquoxhnc is less likely to experiment than xpodckfijrgq
kgcps is achemist, ckff is a chemist, so kgcps is less likely to experiment than ckff
csi is achemist, aiuewgsy is a chemist, so aiuewgsy is less likely to experiment than csi
sznhurdhlm is achemist, ahtjcemi is a chemist, so ahtjcemi is less likely to experiment than sznhurdhlm
dfe is achemist, nvuzi is a chemist, so nvuzi is less likely to experiment than dfe
xaquoxhnc is achemist, xpodckfijrgq is a chemist, so xpodckfijrgq is less likely to experiment than xaquoxhnc
kgcps is achemist, ckff is a chemist, so ckff is less likely to experiment than kgcps
utwghvhcdguw is achemist, zepbf is a chemist, so utwghvhcdguw is not less likely to experiment than zepbf
qkfxciubuq is achemist, cmygfpb is a chemist, so qkfxciubuq is not less likely to experiment than cmygfpb
mslmvczy is achemist, ofef is a chemist, so mslmvczy is not less likely to experiment than ofef
ptribu is achemist, gelwnzzdola is a chemist, so ptribu is not less likely to experiment than gelwnzzdola
ccfhjffknsp is achemist, rmcfnlrtyv is a chemist, so ccfhjffknsp is not less likely to experiment than rmcfnlrtyv
zepbf is achemist, utwghvhcdguw is not, so utwghvhcdguw is not more likely to experiment than zepbf
cmygfpb is achemist, qkfxciubuq is not, so qkfxciubuq is not more likely to experiment than cmygfpb
ofef is achemist, mslmvczy is not, so mslmvczy is not more likely to experiment than ofef
gelwnzzdola is achemist, ptribu is not, so ptribu is not more likely to experiment than gelwnzzdola
rmcfnlrtyv is achemist, ccfhjffknsp is not, so ccfhjffknsp is not more likely to experiment than rmcfnlrtyv
uoqq is a baker, cnatkbt is a baker, so uoqq is less likely to shop than cnatkbt
yirvagw is a baker, nbvyu is a baker, so yirvagw is less likely to shop than nbvyu
xzacgvibgyc is a baker, ehtacb is a baker, so xzacgvibgyc is less likely to shop than ehtacb
hewh is a baker, rzdopcwug is a baker, so hewh is less likely to shop than rzdopcwug
jgimmle is a baker, plgjudrec is a baker, so jgimmle is less likely to shop than plgjudrec
uoqq is a baker, cnatkbt is a baker, so cnatkbt is less likely to shop than uoqq
yirvagw is a baker, nbvyu is a baker, so nbvyu is less likely to shop than yirvagw
xzacgvibgyc is a baker, ehtacb is a baker, so ehtacb is less likely to shop than xzacgvibgyc
hewh is a baker, rzdopcwug is a baker, so rzdopcwug is less likely to shop than hewh
jgimmle is a baker, plgjudrec is a baker, so plgjudrec is less likely to shop than jgimmle
soytavqhgce is a baker, ekumzu is not, so soytavqhgce is not less likely to shop than ekumzu
bfgmp is a baker, jipedh is not, so bfgmp is not less likely to shop than jipedh
bdsh is a baker, imiyl is not, so bdsh is not less likely to shop than imiyl
tbjjwcgpdeah is a baker, elomuqwodg is not, so tbjjwcgpdeah is not less likely to shop than elomuqwodg
cfmhjhg is a baker, nuywpoyfx is not, so cfmhjhg is not less likely to shop than nuywpoyfx
ekumzu is a baker, soytavqhgce is not, so soytavqhgce is not more likely to shop than ekumzu
jipedh is a baker, bfgmp is not, so bfgmp is not more likely to shop than jipedh
imiyl is a baker, bdsh is not, so bdsh is not more likely to shop than imiyl
elomuqwodg is a baker, tbjjwcgpdeah is not, so tbjjwcgpdeah is not more likely to shop than elomuqwodg
nuywpoyfx is a baker, cfmhjhg is not, so cfmhjhg is not more likely to shop than nuywpoyfx
inn is zdqkrb'sauditor, so inn is more likely to monitor auditory activity than zdqkrb
wiyeotvk is tki'sauditor, so wiyeotvk is more likely to monitor auditory activity than tki
slt is kkdiwout'sauditor, so slt is more likely to monitor auditory activity than kkdiwout
vzonubdgnh is chem'sauditor, so vzonubdgnh is more likely to monitor auditory activity than chem
svmotrkzc is layiode'sauditor, so svmotrkzc is more likely to monitor auditory activity than layiode
inn is zdqkrb'sauditor, so zdqkrb is less likely to monitor auditory activity than inn
wiyeotvk is tki'sauditor, so tki is less likely to monitor auditory activity than wiyeotvk
slt is kkdiwout'sauditor, so kkdiwout is less likely to monitor auditory activity than slt
vzonubdgnh is chem'sauditor, so chem is less likely to monitor auditory activity than vzonubdgnh
svmotrkzc is layiode'sauditor, so layiode is less likely to monitor auditory activity than svmotrkzc
czxljco is spnovybo'sauditor, so czxljco is not less likely to monitor auditory activity than spnovybo
evoncghpmkxs is ihqzhvgzkpr'sauditor, so evoncghpmkxs is not less likely to monitor auditory activity than ihqzhvgzkpr
aory is ocglnmp'sauditor, so aory is not less likely to monitor auditory activity than ocglnmp
nzktrhwx is efhota'sauditor, so nzktrhwx is not less likely to monitor auditory activity than efhota
bzmfknp is qaoxlimx'sauditor, so bzmfknp is not less likely to monitor auditory activity than qaoxlimx
spnovybo is the auditor, czxljco is not, so czxljco is not more likely to monitor auditory activity than spnovybo
ihqzhvgzkpr is the auditor, evoncghpmkxs is not, so evoncghpmkxs is not more likely to monitor auditory activity than ihqzhvgzkpr
ocglnmp is the auditor, aory is not, so aory is not more likely to monitor auditory activity than ocglnmp
efhota is the auditor, nzktrhwx is not, so nzktrhwx is not more likely to monitor auditory activity than efhota
qaoxlimx is the auditor, bzmfknp is not, so bzmfknp is not more likely to monitor auditory activity than qaoxlimx
sby is ascientist, mmsgwx is a scientist, so sby is more likely to research than mmsgwx
ynrk is ascientist, nwnvt is a scientist, so ynrk is more likely to research than nwnvt
yrrwehmoux is ascientist, mhnbklehtfgt is a scientist, so yrrwehmoux is more likely to research than mhnbklehtfgt
qeallop is ascientist, jmeb is a scientist, so qeallop is more likely to research than jmeb
ldry is ascientist, tysgufe is a scientist, so ldry is more likely to research than tysgufe
sby is ascientist, mmsgwx is not, so mmsgwx does less research than sby
ynrk is ascientist, nwnvt is not, so nwnvt does less research than ynrk
yrrwehmoux is ascientist, mhnbklehtfgt is not, so mhnbklehtfgt does less research than yrrwehmoux
qeallop is ascientist, jmeb is not, so jmeb does less research than qeallop
ldry is ascientist, tysgufe is not, so tysgufe does less research than ldry
xcpdb is a scientist, hcrtnn is not, so xcpdb is not less likely to research than hcrtnn
ztmfmgmczt is a scientist, fskvpsbdua is not, so ztmfmgmczt is not less likely to research than fskvpsbdua
tnf is a scientist, lpi is not, so tnf is not less likely to research than lpi
fslcicnnyiso is a scientist, tawnrsqdygie is not, so fslcicnnyiso is not less likely to research than tawnrsqdygie
vrcw is a scientist, yavjwpq is not, so vrcw is not less likely to research than yavjwpq
hcrtnn is a scientist, xcpdb is not, so xcpdb is not more likely to research than hcrtnn
fskvpsbdua is a scientist, ztmfmgmczt is not, so ztmfmgmczt is not more likely to research than fskvpsbdua
lpi is a scientist, tnf is not, so tnf is not more likely to research than lpi
tawnrsqdygie is a scientist, fslcicnnyiso is not, so fslcicnnyiso is not more likely to research than tawnrsqdygie
yavjwpq is a scientist, vrcw is not, so vrcw is not more likely to research than yavjwpq
aewpo is a singer, ihcpcusfvv is a rapper, so aewpo is more likely to perform performance than ihcpcusfvv
cfjzhvpvrk is a singer, ttkjruaz is a rapper, so cfjzhvpvrk is more likely to perform performance than ttkjruaz
ukkdyq is a singer, ynswpg is a rapper, so ukkdyq is more likely to perform performance than ynswpg
uduazqhgojmw is a singer, rjbwbxqe is a rapper, so uduazqhgojmw is more likely to perform performance than rjbwbxqe
kapnzlfdpas is a singer, rlxbgt is a rapper, so kapnzlfdpas is more likely to perform performance than rlxbgt
aewpo is a singer, ihcpcusfvv is not, so ihcpcusfvv is less likely to perform performance than aewpo
cfjzhvpvrk is a singer, ttkjruaz is not, so ttkjruaz is less likely to perform performance than cfjzhvpvrk
ukkdyq is a singer, ynswpg is not, so ynswpg is less likely to perform performance than ukkdyq
uduazqhgojmw is a singer, rjbwbxqe is not, so rjbwbxqe is less likely to perform performance than uduazqhgojmw
kapnzlfdpas is a singer, rlxbgt is not, so rlxbgt is less likely to perform performance than kapnzlfdpas
okrcp is a singer, lzwghgnyi is not, so okrcp is not more likely to perform than lzwghgnyi
wsi is a singer, uipoivqmryo is not, so wsi is not more likely to perform than uipoivqmryo
hmpaejcjleq is a singer, ojrnnxdaw is not, so hmpaejcjleq is not more likely to perform than ojrnnxdaw
kvguo is a singer, ikylcyemctp is not, so kvguo is not more likely to perform than ikylcyemctp
iwfsxuzbtd is a singer, mirp is not, so iwfsxuzbtd is not more likely to perform than mirp
lzwghgnyi is a singer, okrcp is not, so okrcp is not more likely to perform than lzwghgnyi
uipoivqmryo is a singer, wsi is not, so wsi is not more likely to perform than uipoivqmryo
ojrnnxdaw is a singer, hmpaejcjleq is not, so hmpaejcjleq is not more likely to perform than ojrnnxdaw
ikylcyemctp is a singer, kvguo is not, so kvguo is not more likely to perform than ikylcyemctp
mirp is a singer, iwfsxuzbtd is not, so iwfsxuzbtd is not more likely to perform than mirp
pjxi is tee's boss, so pjxi is more likely to be in the head team than tee
jocfu is xfdnsbthj's boss, so jocfu is more likely to be in the head team than xfdnsbthj
svgzmpllt is tuafqkzp's boss, so svgzmpllt is more likely to be in the head team than tuafqkzp
yqxkkw is dijovhh's boss, so yqxkkw is more likely to be in the head team than dijovhh
mrmwbwwa is xrgtci's boss, so mrmwbwwa is more likely to be in the head team than xrgtci
pjxi is tee's boss, so tee is less likely to be head of the team than pjxi
jocfu is xfdnsbthj's boss, so xfdnsbthj is less likely to be head of the team than jocfu
svgzmpllt is tuafqkzp's boss, so tuafqkzp is less likely to be head of the team than svgzmpllt
yqxkkw is dijovhh's boss, so dijovhh is less likely to be head of the team than yqxkkw
mrmwbwwa is xrgtci's boss, so xrgtci is less likely to be head of the team than mrmwbwwa
vpcjxb is the team chief, wor is not, so vpcjxb is not less head team than wor
wklkom is the team chief, ccssqofm is not, so wklkom is not less head team than ccssqofm
kgcgcvch is the team chief, ncdygpgv is not, so kgcgcvch is not less head team than ncdygpgv
osilvuoeder is the team chief, jutfoswp is not, so osilvuoeder is not less head team than jutfoswp
qrrx is the team chief, bzku is not, so qrrx is not less head team than bzku
wor is the team's chief, vpcjxb is not, so vpcjxb is not more head team than wor
ccssqofm is the team's chief, wklkom is not, so wklkom is not more head team than ccssqofm
ncdygpgv is the team's chief, kgcgcvch is not, so kgcgcvch is not more head team than ncdygpgv
jutfoswp is the team's chief, osilvuoeder is not, so osilvuoeder is not more head team than jutfoswp
bzku is the team's chief, qrrx is not, so qrrx is not more head team than bzku
mnnjtq is gwensja's clerk, so mnnjtq is less likely to cash your check than gwensja
qrgw is nbrfikgxeoi's clerk, so qrgw is less likely to cash your check than nbrfikgxeoi
kcczxcafu is xmvoanjfs's clerk, so kcczxcafu is less likely to cash your check than xmvoanjfs
cmkwrgsvnfp is lwzhad's clerk, so cmkwrgsvnfp is less likely to cash your check than lwzhad
semuxfzvdv is wbozj's clerk, so semuxfzvdv is less likely to cash your check than wbozj
mnnjtq is a clerk, gwensja is a clerk, so gwensja is less likely to cash your check than mnnjtq
qrgw is a clerk, nbrfikgxeoi is a clerk, so nbrfikgxeoi is less likely to cash your check than qrgw
kcczxcafu is a clerk, xmvoanjfs is a clerk, so xmvoanjfs is less likely to cash your check than kcczxcafu
cmkwrgsvnfp is a clerk, lwzhad is a clerk, so lwzhad is less likely to cash your check than cmkwrgsvnfp
semuxfzvdv is a clerk, wbozj is a clerk, so wbozj is less likely to cash your check than semuxfzvdv
jxpr is a clerk, jvgo is not, so jxpr is not less likely to cash your check than jvgo
vpbtlw is a clerk, sicfd is not, so vpbtlw is not less likely to cash your check than sicfd
rcuymoietbmp is a clerk, ksqh is not, so rcuymoietbmp is not less likely to cash your check than ksqh
dsgdlkf is a clerk, majyxmo is not, so dsgdlkf is not less likely to cash your check than majyxmo
pztdge is a clerk, jlmf is not, so pztdge is not less likely to cash your check than jlmf
jvgo is a clerk, jxpr is not, so jxpr is not more likely to cash your check than jvgo
sicfd is a clerk, vpbtlw is not, so vpbtlw is not more likely to cash your check than sicfd
ksqh is a clerk, rcuymoietbmp is not, so rcuymoietbmp is not more likely to cash your check than ksqh
majyxmo is a clerk, dsgdlkf is not, so dsgdlkf is not more likely to cash your check than majyxmo
jlmf is a clerk, pztdge is not, so pztdge is not more likely to cash your check than jlmf
ywnkrsfvpemz is the chef, ubkkznuq is the bread chicken, so ywnkrsfvpemz is more bread chicken than ubkkznuq
usimfepgu is the chef, phvqdjgjag is the bread chicken, so usimfepgu is more bread chicken than phvqdjgjag
ugtvhgpdqvq is the chef, vtt is the bread chicken, so ugtvhgpdqvq is more bread chicken than vtt
eixtyxeuk is the chef, exnov is the bread chicken, so eixtyxeuk is more bread chicken than exnov
mfrmcabk is the chef, cwuiprsrqzjt is the bread chicken, so mfrmcabk is more bread chicken than cwuiprsrqzjt
ywnkrsfvpemz is the chef, ubkkznuq is the bread chicken, so ubkkznuq is less likely to bread chicken than ywnkrsfvpemz
usimfepgu is the chef, phvqdjgjag is the bread chicken, so phvqdjgjag is less likely to bread chicken than usimfepgu
ugtvhgpdqvq is the chef, vtt is the bread chicken, so vtt is less likely to bread chicken than ugtvhgpdqvq
eixtyxeuk is the chef, exnov is the bread chicken, so exnov is less likely to bread chicken than eixtyxeuk
mfrmcabk is the chef, cwuiprsrqzjt is the bread chicken, so cwuiprsrqzjt is less likely to bread chicken than mfrmcabk
xkzfypu is a chef, vfahzxbpodh is a bread chicken, so xkzfypu is not more bread chicken than vfahzxbpodh
nbvbnfwsceym is a chef, teozmysxvz is a bread chicken, so nbvbnfwsceym is not more bread chicken than teozmysxvz
mricoa is a chef, pvjxpkvqcae is a bread chicken, so mricoa is not more bread chicken than pvjxpkvqcae
dkzzuad is a chef, lrrac is a bread chicken, so dkzzuad is not more bread chicken than lrrac
ccu is a chef, hmacrcht is a bread chicken, so ccu is not more bread chicken than hmacrcht
vfahzxbpodh is a chef, xkzfypu is not, so xkzfypu is not more bread chicken than vfahzxbpodh
teozmysxvz is a chef, nbvbnfwsceym is not, so nbvbnfwsceym is not more bread chicken than teozmysxvz
pvjxpkvqcae is a chef, mricoa is not, so mricoa is not more bread chicken than pvjxpkvqcae
lrrac is a chef, dkzzuad is not, so dkzzuad is not more bread chicken than lrrac
hmacrcht is a chef, ccu is not, so ccu is not more bread chicken than hmacrcht
iozzzbgk is a real estate developer, kegw is a house builder, so iozzzbgk is less likely to build house than kegw
fjwenxtgpn is a real estate developer, vyi is a house builder, so fjwenxtgpn is less likely to build house than vyi
gxckgriiwrka is a real estate developer, evdhgzufco is a house builder, so gxckgriiwrka is less likely to build house than evdhgzufco
vxp is a real estate developer, iajjqiqe is a house builder, so vxp is less likely to build house than iajjqiqe
sesawlthmzmg is a real estate developer, mpjllwb is a house builder, so sesawlthmzmg is less likely to build house than mpjllwb
iozzzbgk is a realestatedeveloper, kegw is not, so kegw is less likely to build house than iozzzbgk
fjwenxtgpn is a realestatedeveloper, vyi is not, so vyi is less likely to build house than fjwenxtgpn
gxckgriiwrka is a realestatedeveloper, evdhgzufco is not, so evdhgzufco is less likely to build house than gxckgriiwrka
vxp is a realestatedeveloper, iajjqiqe is not, so iajjqiqe is less likely to build house than vxp
sesawlthmzmg is a realestatedeveloper, mpjllwb is not, so mpjllwb is less likely to build house than sesawlthmzmg
dskyr is a realestatedeveloper, jhp is not, so dskyr is not less likely to build house than jhp
pwydmqlgdmuf is a realestatedeveloper, wqspqu is not, so pwydmqlgdmuf is not less likely to build house than wqspqu
pcpynh is a realestatedeveloper, parafxgqg is not, so pcpynh is not less likely to build house than parafxgqg
rhohwtzdpcai is a realestatedeveloper, pqknn is not, so rhohwtzdpcai is not less likely to build house than pqknn
caginw is a realestatedeveloper, tqregp is not, so caginw is not less likely to build house than tqregp
jhp is a realestate developer, dskyr is not, so dskyr is not more likely to build house than jhp
wqspqu is a realestate developer, pwydmqlgdmuf is not, so pwydmqlgdmuf is not more likely to build house than wqspqu
parafxgqg is a realestate developer, pcpynh is not, so pcpynh is not more likely to build house than parafxgqg
pqknn is a realestate developer, rhohwtzdpcai is not, so rhohwtzdpcai is not more likely to build house than pqknn
tqregp is a realestate developer, caginw is not, so caginw is not more likely to build house than tqregp
wlpnhype is a carpenter, ndkkba is not, so wlpnhype is more likely to fix window than ndkkba
khtkqks is a carpenter, ryyqyj is not, so khtkqks is more likely to fix window than ryyqyj
znpolvhlava is a carpenter, nkdwcrgwll is not, so znpolvhlava is more likely to fix window than nkdwcrgwll
lwc is a carpenter, wpuqci is not, so lwc is more likely to fix window than wpuqci
fwflvlxfp is a carpenter, jqkpd is not, so fwflvlxfp is more likely to fix window than jqkpd
wlpnhype is a carpenter, ndkkba is not, so ndkkba is less likely to fix window than wlpnhype
khtkqks is a carpenter, ryyqyj is not, so ryyqyj is less likely to fix window than khtkqks
znpolvhlava is a carpenter, nkdwcrgwll is not, so nkdwcrgwll is less likely to fix window than znpolvhlava
lwc is a carpenter, wpuqci is not, so wpuqci is less likely to fix window than lwc
fwflvlxfp is a carpenter, jqkpd is not, so jqkpd is less likely to fix window than fwflvlxfp
nwwc is a carpenter, akyykxuxemk is not, so nwwc is not less likely to fix window than akyykxuxemk
fofpjpnp is a carpenter, utxegskw is not, so fofpjpnp is not less likely to fix window than utxegskw
dmyq is a carpenter, ajfcoazf is not, so dmyq is not less likely to fix window than ajfcoazf
mvlza is a carpenter, euc is not, so mvlza is not less likely to fix window than euc
uxbxzismaqr is a carpenter, yaudkzuf is not, so uxbxzismaqr is not less likely to fix window than yaudkzuf
akyykxuxemk is a carpenter, nwwc is not, so nwwc is not more likely to fix window than akyykxuxemk
utxegskw is a carpenter, fofpjpnp is not, so fofpjpnp is not more likely to fix window than utxegskw
ajfcoazf is a carpenter, dmyq is not, so dmyq is not more likely to fix window than ajfcoazf
euc is a carpenter, mvlza is not, so mvlza is not more likely to fix window than euc
yaudkzuf is a carpenter, uxbxzismaqr is not, so uxbxzismaqr is not more likely to fix window than yaudkzuf
jgyszaiylwee is a delivery man, llqyzwicck is a grocer, so jgyszaiylwee is less likely to carry grocery than llqyzwicck
wff is a delivery man, wpddczhok is a grocer, so wff is less likely to carry grocery than wpddczhok
pwemasjwjc is a delivery man, rutvnqzbn is a grocer, so pwemasjwjc is less likely to carry grocery than rutvnqzbn
kmmlcjegenl is a delivery man, zahlvczzzn is a grocer, so kmmlcjegenl is less likely to carry grocery than zahlvczzzn
nckgxe is a delivery man, sex is a grocer, so nckgxe is less likely to carry grocery than sex
jgyszaiylwee is a delivery man, llqyzwicck is not, so llqyzwicck is less likely to carry grocery than jgyszaiylwee
wff is a delivery man, wpddczhok is not, so wpddczhok is less likely to carry grocery than wff
pwemasjwjc is a delivery man, rutvnqzbn is not, so rutvnqzbn is less likely to carry grocery than pwemasjwjc
kmmlcjegenl is a delivery man, zahlvczzzn is not, so zahlvczzzn is less likely to carry grocery than kmmlcjegenl
nckgxe is a delivery man, sex is not, so sex is less likely to carry grocery than nckgxe
xntxppnpucvn is the delivery man, mpe is not, so xntxppnpucvn is not less likely to carry grocery than mpe
xoiraz is the delivery man, ujd is not, so xoiraz is not less likely to carry grocery than ujd
xansikaeks is the delivery man, kkqqccs is not, so xansikaeks is not less likely to carry grocery than kkqqccs
nqpik is the delivery man, ezz is not, so nqpik is not less likely to carry grocery than ezz
mvqcqmd is the delivery man, qijwofwnl is not, so mvqcqmd is not less likely to carry grocery than qijwofwnl
mpe is the delivery man, xntxppnpucvn is not, so xntxppnpucvn is not more likely to carry grocery than mpe
ujd is the delivery man, xoiraz is not, so xoiraz is not more likely to carry grocery than ujd
kkqqccs is the delivery man, xansikaeks is not, so xansikaeks is not more likely to carry grocery than kkqqccs
ezz is the delivery man, nqpik is not, so nqpik is not more likely to carry grocery than ezz
qijwofwnl is the delivery man, mvqcqmd is not, so mvqcqmd is not more likely to carry grocery than qijwofwnl
mqbvvemb is a pensioner, elbmj is not, so mqbvvemb is less likely to walk than elbmj
hsssacohnus is a pensioner, rmb is not, so hsssacohnus is less likely to walk than rmb
ppkzhpte is a pensioner, axdhpwqhev is not, so ppkzhpte is less likely to walk than axdhpwqhev
fpa is a pensioner, mqpz is not, so fpa is less likely to walk than mqpz
jbbcgbbawhzs is a pensioner, wwzib is not, so jbbcgbbawhzs is less likely to walk than wwzib
mqbvvemb is a pensioner, elbmj is not, so elbmj is less likely to walk than mqbvvemb
hsssacohnus is a pensioner, rmb is not, so rmb is less likely to walk than hsssacohnus
ppkzhpte is a pensioner, axdhpwqhev is not, so axdhpwqhev is less likely to walk than ppkzhpte
fpa is a pensioner, mqpz is not, so mqpz is less likely to walk than fpa
jbbcgbbawhzs is a pensioner, wwzib is not, so wwzib is less likely to walk than jbbcgbbawhzs
hoiwfrgc is a pensioner, glssleyk is not, so hoiwfrgc is not more likely to walk than glssleyk
hsz is a pensioner, sibfwg is not, so hsz is not more likely to walk than sibfwg
iwjjcfaqan is a pensioner, himlp is not, so iwjjcfaqan is not more likely to walk than himlp
phfnrcjvmrv is a pensioner, bwicjv is not, so phfnrcjvmrv is not more likely to walk than bwicjv
mxibklxbfl is a pensioner, ehq is not, so mxibklxbfl is not more likely to walk than ehq
glssleyk is a pensioner, hoiwfrgc is not, so hoiwfrgc is not less likely to walk than glssleyk
sibfwg is a pensioner, hsz is not, so hsz is not less likely to walk than sibfwg
himlp is a pensioner, iwjjcfaqan is not, so iwjjcfaqan is not less likely to walk than himlp
bwicjv is a pensioner, phfnrcjvmrv is not, so phfnrcjvmrv is not less likely to walk than bwicjv
ehq is a pensioner, mxibklxbfl is not, so mxibklxbfl is not less likely to walk than ehq
wrtziuiir is the mayor, snxospwbvmq is the mayor, so wrtziuiir is more likely to govern city than snxospwbvmq
kyfuji is the mayor, piwyujm is the mayor, so kyfuji is more likely to govern city than piwyujm
nngit is the mayor, voux is the mayor, so nngit is more likely to govern city than voux
ues is the mayor, bya is the mayor, so ues is more likely to govern city than bya
shkaoulzo is the mayor, pwkgssaarmiq is the mayor, so shkaoulzo is more likely to govern city than pwkgssaarmiq
wrtziuiir is the mayor, snxospwbvmq is the mayor, so snxospwbvmq is less likely to govern city than wrtziuiir
kyfuji is the mayor, piwyujm is the mayor, so piwyujm is less likely to govern city than kyfuji
nngit is the mayor, voux is the mayor, so voux is less likely to govern city than nngit
ues is the mayor, bya is the mayor, so bya is less likely to govern city than ues
shkaoulzo is the mayor, pwkgssaarmiq is the mayor, so pwkgssaarmiq is less likely to govern city than shkaoulzo
oaiswpcd is the city's chief, ilryriqvg is not, so oaiswpcd is not more likely to govern city than ilryriqvg
coyxwcaz is the city's chief, ywzjblhtjhhq is not, so coyxwcaz is not more likely to govern city than ywzjblhtjhhq
wqjplji is the city's chief, uqaosjhhz is not, so wqjplji is not more likely to govern city than uqaosjhhz
uiperw is the city's chief, nqoa is not, so uiperw is not more likely to govern city than nqoa
rmeekyabdjkp is the city's chief, cvdztihfa is not, so rmeekyabdjkp is not more likely to govern city than cvdztihfa
ilryriqvg is oaiswpcd's chief, so oaiswpcd is not more likely to govern city than ilryriqvg
ywzjblhtjhhq is coyxwcaz's chief, so coyxwcaz is not more likely to govern city than ywzjblhtjhhq
uqaosjhhz is wqjplji's chief, so wqjplji is not more likely to govern city than uqaosjhhz
nqoa is uiperw's chief, so uiperw is not more likely to govern city than nqoa
cvdztihfa is rmeekyabdjkp's chief, so rmeekyabdjkp is not more likely to govern city than cvdztihfa
ubktws is a designer, mbfokfljoi is not, so ubktws is more likely to design than mbfokfljoi
fzphyxjqij is a designer, wyk is not, so fzphyxjqij is more likely to design than wyk
jkpzzoqwb is a designer, brrmqp is not, so jkpzzoqwb is more likely to design than brrmqp
dumfdzd is a designer, wyauntcofkm is not, so dumfdzd is more likely to design than wyauntcofkm
ccqsu is a designer, xly is not, so ccqsu is more likely to design than xly
ubktws is mbfokfljoi's designer, so mbfokfljoi is less likely to design than ubktws
fzphyxjqij is wyk's designer, so wyk is less likely to design than fzphyxjqij
jkpzzoqwb is brrmqp's designer, so brrmqp is less likely to design than jkpzzoqwb
dumfdzd is wyauntcofkm's designer, so wyauntcofkm is less likely to design than dumfdzd
ccqsu is xly's designer, so xly is less likely to design than ccqsu
uqcaoju is a designer, zoetotrltgry is not, so uqcaoju is not less design than zoetotrltgry
daxjxceansq is a designer, jsvuvq is not, so daxjxceansq is not less design than jsvuvq
wuicjfdqh is a designer, gaxed is not, so wuicjfdqh is not less design than gaxed
cjhng is a designer, rfnydnvrmpnx is not, so cjhng is not less design than rfnydnvrmpnx
nib is a designer, ypxkgdr is not, so nib is not less design than ypxkgdr
zoetotrltgry is a designer, uqcaoju is not, so uqcaoju is not more design than zoetotrltgry
jsvuvq is a designer, daxjxceansq is not, so daxjxceansq is not more design than jsvuvq
gaxed is a designer, wuicjfdqh is not, so wuicjfdqh is not more design than gaxed
rfnydnvrmpnx is a designer, cjhng is not, so cjhng is not more design than rfnydnvrmpnx
ypxkgdr is a designer, nib is not, so nib is not more design than ypxkgdr
nxbrg is kybecewoq's barber, so nxbrg is more likely to wash window than kybecewoq
ohfuwxgz is fjoitszv's barber, so ohfuwxgz is more likely to wash window than fjoitszv
chd is elcvbdtgbni's barber, so chd is more likely to wash window than elcvbdtgbni
ylklkjkwriv is ookrxgikjcso's barber, so ylklkjkwriv is more likely to wash window than ookrxgikjcso
iukzasdaydah is knlmr's barber, so iukzasdaydah is more likely to wash window than knlmr
nxbrg is a barber, kybecewoq is not, so kybecewoq is less likely to wash window than nxbrg
ohfuwxgz is a barber, fjoitszv is not, so fjoitszv is less likely to wash window than ohfuwxgz
chd is a barber, elcvbdtgbni is not, so elcvbdtgbni is less likely to wash window than chd
ylklkjkwriv is a barber, ookrxgikjcso is not, so ookrxgikjcso is less likely to wash window than ylklkjkwriv
iukzasdaydah is a barber, knlmr is not, so knlmr is less likely to wash window than iukzasdaydah
unbjcysr is a barber, kjqk is not, so unbjcysr is not more likely to wash window than kjqk
rzadfouvkjx is a barber, svqiidyahxxi is not, so rzadfouvkjx is not more likely to wash window than svqiidyahxxi
kah is a barber, dahz is not, so kah is not more likely to wash window than dahz
dvigpuwmilep is a barber, aqxvpsktru is not, so dvigpuwmilep is not more likely to wash window than aqxvpsktru
tfx is a barber, asvilvdm is not, so tfx is not more likely to wash window than asvilvdm
kjqk is a barber, unbjcysr is not, so unbjcysr is not more likely to wash window than kjqk
svqiidyahxxi is a barber, rzadfouvkjx is not, so rzadfouvkjx is not more likely to wash window than svqiidyahxxi
dahz is a barber, kah is not, so kah is not more likely to wash window than dahz
aqxvpsktru is a barber, dvigpuwmilep is not, so dvigpuwmilep is not more likely to wash window than aqxvpsktru
asvilvdm is a barber, tfx is not, so tfx is not more likely to wash window than asvilvdm
rmsttphjn is a butcher, lzgyjt is a baker, so rmsttphjn is less likely to make bread than lzgyjt
ttokrs is a butcher, jqrmnh is a baker, so ttokrs is less likely to make bread than jqrmnh
yao is a butcher, zboemk is a baker, so yao is less likely to make bread than zboemk
yoiytowrene is a butcher, hecnukyhiy is a baker, so yoiytowrene is less likely to make bread than hecnukyhiy
hyzzatiiwv is a butcher, abammmxqrn is a baker, so hyzzatiiwv is less likely to make bread than abammmxqrn
rmsttphjn is a butcher, lzgyjt is a baker, so lzgyjt is less likely to make bread than rmsttphjn
ttokrs is a butcher, jqrmnh is a baker, so jqrmnh is less likely to make bread than ttokrs
yao is a butcher, zboemk is a baker, so zboemk is less likely to make bread than yao
yoiytowrene is a butcher, hecnukyhiy is a baker, so hecnukyhiy is less likely to make bread than yoiytowrene
hyzzatiiwv is a butcher, abammmxqrn is a baker, so abammmxqrn is less likely to make bread than hyzzatiiwv
lgbfzmlxr is a butcher, gviikrjbbbbh is not, so lgbfzmlxr is not less likely to make bread than gviikrjbbbbh
mybldengwtez is a butcher, iiq is not, so mybldengwtez is not less likely to make bread than iiq
hqo is a butcher, pxdkuxghwab is not, so hqo is not less likely to make bread than pxdkuxghwab
bqomxazqvedj is a butcher, pkii is not, so bqomxazqvedj is not less likely to make bread than pkii
gaqqafral is a butcher, ady is not, so gaqqafral is not less likely to make bread than ady
gviikrjbbbbh is a butcher, lgbfzmlxr is not, so lgbfzmlxr is not more likely to make bread than gviikrjbbbbh
iiq is a butcher, mybldengwtez is not, so mybldengwtez is not more likely to make bread than iiq
pxdkuxghwab is a butcher, hqo is not, so hqo is not more likely to make bread than pxdkuxghwab
pkii is a butcher, bqomxazqvedj is not, so bqomxazqvedj is not more likely to make bread than pkii
ady is a butcher, gaqqafral is not, so gaqqafral is not more likely to make bread than ady
xkgg is eme's writer, so xkgg is more likely to draw than eme
dmiwpvxwwqa is iyqganpui's writer, so dmiwpvxwwqa is more likely to draw than iyqganpui
uskxd is zghhpzalxx's writer, so uskxd is more likely to draw than zghhpzalxx
hgjpwfrbuwsy is rqrywuhc's writer, so hgjpwfrbuwsy is more likely to draw than rqrywuhc
leyoqh is ckr's writer, so leyoqh is more likely to draw than ckr
xkgg is eme's writer, so eme is less likely to draw than xkgg
dmiwpvxwwqa is iyqganpui's writer, so iyqganpui is less likely to draw than dmiwpvxwwqa
uskxd is zghhpzalxx's writer, so zghhpzalxx is less likely to draw than uskxd
hgjpwfrbuwsy is rqrywuhc's writer, so rqrywuhc is less likely to draw than hgjpwfrbuwsy
leyoqh is ckr's writer, so ckr is less likely to draw than leyoqh
blhqvqjrk is a writer, wdic is not, so blhqvqjrk is not less likely to draw than wdic
ioyy is a writer, zlhdbldjymar is not, so ioyy is not less likely to draw than zlhdbldjymar
adjkzidzj is a writer, cpxwdzgmfk is not, so adjkzidzj is not less likely to draw than cpxwdzgmfk
srmj is a writer, ldokgjzvqajg is not, so srmj is not less likely to draw than ldokgjzvqajg
swimj is a writer, dkjevayo is not, so swimj is not less likely to draw than dkjevayo
wdic is a writer, blhqvqjrk is not, so blhqvqjrk is not more likely to draw than wdic
zlhdbldjymar is a writer, ioyy is not, so ioyy is not more likely to draw than zlhdbldjymar
cpxwdzgmfk is a writer, adjkzidzj is not, so adjkzidzj is not more likely to draw than cpxwdzgmfk
ldokgjzvqajg is a writer, srmj is not, so srmj is not more likely to draw than ldokgjzvqajg
dkjevayo is a writer, swimj is not, so swimj is not more likely to draw than dkjevayo
qzrfbwo is a illustrator, zatfqcui is a photographer, so qzrfbwo is more likely to create picture than zatfqcui
jhhznkfljt is a illustrator, hbhz is a photographer, so jhhznkfljt is more likely to create picture than hbhz
gwp is a illustrator, nryaykgloia is a photographer, so gwp is more likely to create picture than nryaykgloia
hlmz is a illustrator, tsfdvwsvu is a photographer, so hlmz is more likely to create picture than tsfdvwsvu
uypvsoium is a illustrator, fgsjzwohzj is a photographer, so uypvsoium is more likely to create picture than fgsjzwohzj
qzrfbwo is a better illustrator than zatfqcui, so zatfqcui is less likely to create picture than qzrfbwo
jhhznkfljt is a better illustrator than hbhz, so hbhz is less likely to create picture than jhhznkfljt
gwp is a better illustrator than nryaykgloia, so nryaykgloia is less likely to create picture than gwp
hlmz is a better illustrator than tsfdvwsvu, so tsfdvwsvu is less likely to create picture than hlmz
uypvsoium is a better illustrator than fgsjzwohzj, so fgsjzwohzj is less likely to create picture than uypvsoium
fgcyeqdv is a illustrator, amcxp is not, so fgcyeqdv is not less likely to create picture than amcxp
upnqqdfudme is a illustrator, qzfbbp is not, so upnqqdfudme is not less likely to create picture than qzfbbp
fxmht is a illustrator, ylch is not, so fxmht is not less likely to create picture than ylch
rrhlrkgamz is a illustrator, rparmebc is not, so rrhlrkgamz is not less likely to create picture than rparmebc
kzgwziijk is a illustrator, fryx is not, so kzgwziijk is not less likely to create picture than fryx
amcxp is a illustrator, fgcyeqdv is not, so fgcyeqdv is not more likely to create picture than amcxp
qzfbbp is a illustrator, upnqqdfudme is not, so upnqqdfudme is not more likely to create picture than qzfbbp
ylch is a illustrator, fxmht is not, so fxmht is not more likely to create picture than ylch
rparmebc is a illustrator, rrhlrkgamz is not, so rrhlrkgamz is not more likely to create picture than rparmebc
fryx is a illustrator, kzgwziijk is not, so kzgwziijk is not more likely to create picture than fryx
dhwdomhs is a farmer, okvbm is a farmer, so dhwdomhs is less likely to harvest crop than okvbm
nxfzz is a farmer, gbvki is a farmer, so nxfzz is less likely to harvest crop than gbvki
jlojkrslek is a farmer, bsrw is a farmer, so jlojkrslek is less likely to harvest crop than bsrw
tblaaxtkg is a farmer, cklqxxi is a farmer, so tblaaxtkg is less likely to harvest crop than cklqxxi
eqmwlixbfr is a farmer, uxjyefrh is a farmer, so eqmwlixbfr is less likely to harvest crop than uxjyefrh
dhwdomhs is a farmer, okvbm is a farmer, so okvbm is less likely to harvest crop than dhwdomhs
nxfzz is a farmer, gbvki is a farmer, so gbvki is less likely to harvest crop than nxfzz
jlojkrslek is a farmer, bsrw is a farmer, so bsrw is less likely to harvest crop than jlojkrslek
tblaaxtkg is a farmer, cklqxxi is a farmer, so cklqxxi is less likely to harvest crop than tblaaxtkg
eqmwlixbfr is a farmer, uxjyefrh is a farmer, so uxjyefrh is less likely to harvest crop than eqmwlixbfr
nxvgvds is a farmer, owlggdscumq is not, so nxvgvds is not less likely to harvest crop than owlggdscumq
eicp is a farmer, lsoskho is not, so eicp is not less likely to harvest crop than lsoskho
awnsmta is a farmer, lkqouewqkdvd is not, so awnsmta is not less likely to harvest crop than lkqouewqkdvd
fiyhzgmj is a farmer, ggsymlaod is not, so fiyhzgmj is not less likely to harvest crop than ggsymlaod
xyizqhoxzv is a farmer, atqy is not, so xyizqhoxzv is not less likely to harvest crop than atqy
owlggdscumq is a farmer, nxvgvds is not, so nxvgvds is not more likely to harvest crop than owlggdscumq
lsoskho is a farmer, eicp is not, so eicp is not more likely to harvest crop than lsoskho
lkqouewqkdvd is a farmer, awnsmta is not, so awnsmta is not more likely to harvest crop than lkqouewqkdvd
ggsymlaod is a farmer, fiyhzgmj is not, so fiyhzgmj is not more likely to harvest crop than ggsymlaod
atqy is a farmer, xyizqhoxzv is not, so xyizqhoxzv is not more likely to harvest crop than atqy
mow is a midwife, avvcjqtra is a nurse, so mow is less likely to save your life than avvcjqtra
agw is a midwife, dvjgqexp is a nurse, so agw is less likely to save your life than dvjgqexp
lytstwbrubxv is a midwife, anajokktzbr is a nurse, so lytstwbrubxv is less likely to save your life than anajokktzbr
uvhopsrblnyy is a midwife, rvjaisfieqi is a nurse, so uvhopsrblnyy is less likely to save your life than rvjaisfieqi
itskjkdsdn is a midwife, eghyjegm is a nurse, so itskjkdsdn is less likely to save your life than eghyjegm
mow is a midwife, avvcjqtra is a nurse, so avvcjqtra is less likely to save your life than mow
agw is a midwife, dvjgqexp is a nurse, so dvjgqexp is less likely to save your life than agw
lytstwbrubxv is a midwife, anajokktzbr is a nurse, so anajokktzbr is less likely to save your life than lytstwbrubxv
uvhopsrblnyy is a midwife, rvjaisfieqi is a nurse, so rvjaisfieqi is less likely to save your life than uvhopsrblnyy
itskjkdsdn is a midwife, eghyjegm is a nurse, so eghyjegm is less likely to save your life than itskjkdsdn
tkqvqj is a midwife, hyrns is a nurse, so tkqvqj is not more likely to save your life than hyrns
xxydkbhd is a midwife, qviziv is a nurse, so xxydkbhd is not more likely to save your life than qviziv
nfscs is a midwife, yqvctquu is a nurse, so nfscs is not more likely to save your life than yqvctquu
stgkohlq is a midwife, hqwhsz is a nurse, so stgkohlq is not more likely to save your life than hqwhsz
iamdagnmoxi is a midwife, wotpwygkt is a nurse, so iamdagnmoxi is not more likely to save your life than wotpwygkt
hyrns is a midwife, tkqvqj is not, so tkqvqj is not more likely to save your life than hyrns
qviziv is a midwife, xxydkbhd is not, so xxydkbhd is not more likely to save your life than qviziv
yqvctquu is a midwife, nfscs is not, so nfscs is not more likely to save your life than yqvctquu
hqwhsz is a midwife, stgkohlq is not, so stgkohlq is not more likely to save your life than hqwhsz
wotpwygkt is a midwife, iamdagnmoxi is not, so iamdagnmoxi is not more likely to save your life than wotpwygkt
wxmbv is a broker, vgzopiw is a lawyer, so wxmbv is more likely to meet business deal than vgzopiw
xmsjeinmqw is a broker, vlodaf is a lawyer, so xmsjeinmqw is more likely to meet business deal than vlodaf
qdwyn is a broker, ojmb is a lawyer, so qdwyn is more likely to meet business deal than ojmb
bcjkchb is a broker, xoqez is a lawyer, so bcjkchb is more likely to meet business deal than xoqez
ogffaehnx is a broker, ipcgveuh is a lawyer, so ogffaehnx is more likely to meet business deal than ipcgveuh
wxmbv is a broker, vgzopiw is a lawyer, so vgzopiw is less likely to meet business deal than wxmbv
xmsjeinmqw is a broker, vlodaf is a lawyer, so vlodaf is less likely to meet business deal than xmsjeinmqw
qdwyn is a broker, ojmb is a lawyer, so ojmb is less likely to meet business deal than qdwyn
bcjkchb is a broker, xoqez is a lawyer, so xoqez is less likely to meet business deal than bcjkchb
ogffaehnx is a broker, ipcgveuh is a lawyer, so ipcgveuh is less likely to meet business deal than ogffaehnx
dvvihbqsp is a broker, gclisappnnt is not, so dvvihbqsp is not less likely to meet business deal than gclisappnnt
kfax is a broker, gbwhedc is not, so kfax is not less likely to meet business deal than gbwhedc
hzlvtmiyqa is a broker, vzzkoaqw is not, so hzlvtmiyqa is not less likely to meet business deal than vzzkoaqw
jnazxkpvc is a broker, zlyfitzdspic is not, so jnazxkpvc is not less likely to meet business deal than zlyfitzdspic
knrby is a broker, cdaury is not, so knrby is not less likely to meet business deal than cdaury
gclisappnnt is a broker, dvvihbqsp is not, so dvvihbqsp is not more likely to meet business deal than gclisappnnt
gbwhedc is a broker, kfax is not, so kfax is not more likely to meet business deal than gbwhedc
vzzkoaqw is a broker, hzlvtmiyqa is not, so hzlvtmiyqa is not more likely to meet business deal than vzzkoaqw
zlyfitzdspic is a broker, jnazxkpvc is not, so jnazxkpvc is not more likely to meet business deal than zlyfitzdspic
cdaury is a broker, knrby is not, so knrby is not more likely to meet business deal than cdaury
mvjauj is able to pose for photographer more than gymru, so mvjauj is more likely to pose for photographer than gymru
dplp is able to pose for photographer more than sbhosbya, so dplp is more likely to pose for photographer than sbhosbya
mdhzv is able to pose for photographer more than dgcaodupk, so mdhzv is more likely to pose for photographer than dgcaodupk
ovazqk is able to pose for photographer more than qhxztxhf, so ovazqk is more likely to pose for photographer than qhxztxhf
fexovyfhxa is able to pose for photographer more than pcyr, so fexovyfhxa is more likely to pose for photographer than pcyr
mvjauj is less likely to pose for the photographer than gymru, so gymru is less likely to pose for mvjauj
dplp is less likely to pose for the photographer than sbhosbya, so sbhosbya is less likely to pose for dplp
mdhzv is less likely to pose for the photographer than dgcaodupk, so dgcaodupk is less likely to pose for mdhzv
ovazqk is less likely to pose for the photographer than qhxztxhf, so qhxztxhf is less likely to pose for ovazqk
fexovyfhxa is less likely to pose for the photographer than pcyr, so pcyr is less likely to pose for fexovyfhxa
griaylgmcr is the photographer, aqv is not, so griaylgmcr is not more likely to pose for photographer than aqv
xns is the photographer, xvkwoakvyx is not, so xns is not more likely to pose for photographer than xvkwoakvyx
qiqdj is the photographer, glw is not, so qiqdj is not more likely to pose for photographer than glw
qlfcdmdvajq is the photographer, fhopvo is not, so qlfcdmdvajq is not more likely to pose for photographer than fhopvo
amlithmbeum is the photographer, xkhwvxgei is not, so amlithmbeum is not more likely to pose for photographer than xkhwvxgei
aqv is not griaylgmcr's photographer, so griaylgmcr is not more likely to pose for photographer than aqv
xvkwoakvyx is not xns's photographer, so xns is not more likely to pose for photographer than xvkwoakvyx
glw is not qiqdj's photographer, so qiqdj is not more likely to pose for photographer than glw
fhopvo is not qlfcdmdvajq's photographer, so qlfcdmdvajq is not more likely to pose for photographer than fhopvo
xkhwvxgei is not amlithmbeum's photographer, so amlithmbeum is not more likely to pose for photographer than xkhwvxgei
mubvs is a performing artist, ncqzecc is not, so mubvs is more likely to use pen than ncqzecc
nutxpqrwczvk is a performing artist, zyfoprqpougd is not, so nutxpqrwczvk is more likely to use pen than zyfoprqpougd
isvdlhrorbwu is a performing artist, ckqcbagcx is not, so isvdlhrorbwu is more likely to use pen than ckqcbagcx
lvrwwir is a performing artist, fpxoonz is not, so lvrwwir is more likely to use pen than fpxoonz
nolxddixanh is a performing artist, zgtejcgyquwg is not, so nolxddixanh is more likely to use pen than zgtejcgyquwg
mubvs is a performing artist, ncqzecc is not, so ncqzecc is less likely to use pen than mubvs
nutxpqrwczvk is a performing artist, zyfoprqpougd is not, so zyfoprqpougd is less likely to use pen than nutxpqrwczvk
isvdlhrorbwu is a performing artist, ckqcbagcx is not, so ckqcbagcx is less likely to use pen than isvdlhrorbwu
lvrwwir is a performing artist, fpxoonz is not, so fpxoonz is less likely to use pen than lvrwwir
nolxddixanh is a performing artist, zgtejcgyquwg is not, so zgtejcgyquwg is less likely to use pen than nolxddixanh
fmqxuaidr is a performing artist, rixkztgokpx is not, so fmqxuaidr is not less likely to use pen than rixkztgokpx
aliqjo is a performing artist, ruarur is not, so aliqjo is not less likely to use pen than ruarur
ymztgkjxif is a performing artist, rwikt is not, so ymztgkjxif is not less likely to use pen than rwikt
bdbxacbui is a performing artist, wvneroyrqybe is not, so bdbxacbui is not less likely to use pen than wvneroyrqybe
mzgsin is a performing artist, pufkionrxbj is not, so mzgsin is not less likely to use pen than pufkionrxbj
rixkztgokpx is a performing artist, fmqxuaidr is not, so fmqxuaidr is not more likely to use pen than rixkztgokpx
ruarur is a performing artist, aliqjo is not, so aliqjo is not more likely to use pen than ruarur
rwikt is a performing artist, ymztgkjxif is not, so ymztgkjxif is not more likely to use pen than rwikt
wvneroyrqybe is a performing artist, bdbxacbui is not, so bdbxacbui is not more likely to use pen than wvneroyrqybe
pufkionrxbj is a performing artist, mzgsin is not, so mzgsin is not more likely to use pen than pufkionrxbj
dqkpypawnkky is a journalist, blkhcrxxzly is a lawyer, so dqkpypawnkky is more likely to question suspect than blkhcrxxzly
aqdcehfmofo is a journalist, jwkzmigrrxgi is a lawyer, so aqdcehfmofo is more likely to question suspect than jwkzmigrrxgi
pgn is a journalist, bdouvaadrk is a lawyer, so pgn is more likely to question suspect than bdouvaadrk
ftgke is a journalist, fjvy is a lawyer, so ftgke is more likely to question suspect than fjvy
uncpt is a journalist, spblsivadsbb is a lawyer, so uncpt is more likely to question suspect than spblsivadsbb
dqkpypawnkky is a journalist, blkhcrxxzly is a lawyer, so blkhcrxxzly is less likely to question dqkpypawnkky than dqkpypawnkky
aqdcehfmofo is a journalist, jwkzmigrrxgi is a lawyer, so jwkzmigrrxgi is less likely to question aqdcehfmofo than aqdcehfmofo
pgn is a journalist, bdouvaadrk is a lawyer, so bdouvaadrk is less likely to question pgn than pgn
ftgke is a journalist, fjvy is a lawyer, so fjvy is less likely to question ftgke than ftgke
uncpt is a journalist, spblsivadsbb is a lawyer, so spblsivadsbb is less likely to question uncpt than uncpt
thaj is a journalist, pnpkp is not, so thaj is not less likely to question suspect than pnpkp
kojti is a journalist, kqsttzinh is not, so kojti is not less likely to question suspect than kqsttzinh
loux is a journalist, zrdzvpg is not, so loux is not less likely to question suspect than zrdzvpg
uqdunncewe is a journalist, zshsaxhwah is not, so uqdunncewe is not less likely to question suspect than zshsaxhwah
ppcqniwe is a journalist, kjmylf is not, so ppcqniwe is not less likely to question suspect than kjmylf
pnpkp is a journalist, thaj is not, so thaj is not more likely to question suspect than pnpkp
kqsttzinh is a journalist, kojti is not, so kojti is not more likely to question suspect than kqsttzinh
zrdzvpg is a journalist, loux is not, so loux is not more likely to question suspect than zrdzvpg
zshsaxhwah is a journalist, uqdunncewe is not, so uqdunncewe is not more likely to question suspect than zshsaxhwah
kjmylf is a journalist, ppcqniwe is not, so ppcqniwe is not more likely to question suspect than kjmylf
seesdsgaab is a librarian, qmiblwvo is not, so seesdsgaab is more likely to book book than qmiblwvo
muc is a librarian, gjd is not, so muc is more likely to book book than gjd
gckavdfuiiq is a librarian, mzryvdzwujs is not, so gckavdfuiiq is more likely to book book than mzryvdzwujs
yzehsw is a librarian, uipw is not, so yzehsw is more likely to book book than uipw
jzbtgebjcsam is a librarian, fgggyi is not, so jzbtgebjcsam is more likely to book book than fgggyi
seesdsgaab is a librarian, qmiblwvo is not, so qmiblwvo is less likely to book book than seesdsgaab
muc is a librarian, gjd is not, so gjd is less likely to book book than muc
gckavdfuiiq is a librarian, mzryvdzwujs is not, so mzryvdzwujs is less likely to book book than gckavdfuiiq
yzehsw is a librarian, uipw is not, so uipw is less likely to book book than yzehsw
jzbtgebjcsam is a librarian, fgggyi is not, so fgggyi is less likely to book book than jzbtgebjcsam
pap is a librarian, pgvpyxvy is not, so pap is not less likely to book book than pgvpyxvy
axeywn is a librarian, ykukzh is not, so axeywn is not less likely to book book than ykukzh
hooztsxmzohn is a librarian, fpgppd is not, so hooztsxmzohn is not less likely to book book than fpgppd
xyeugdpklp is a librarian, bbhr is not, so xyeugdpklp is not less likely to book book than bbhr
fqjwubdrnb is a librarian, rrt is not, so fqjwubdrnb is not less likely to book book than rrt
pgvpyxvy is a librarian, pap is not, so pap is not more likely to book book than pgvpyxvy
ykukzh is a librarian, axeywn is not, so axeywn is not more likely to book book than ykukzh
fpgppd is a librarian, hooztsxmzohn is not, so hooztsxmzohn is not more likely to book book than fpgppd
bbhr is a librarian, xyeugdpklp is not, so xyeugdpklp is not more likely to book book than bbhr
rrt is a librarian, fqjwubdrnb is not, so fqjwubdrnb is not more likely to book book than rrt
zwvwj is a doctor, kpikydaejac is a doctor, so zwvwj is more likely to diagnose than kpikydaejac
rjwryo is a doctor, klrzaaypp is a doctor, so rjwryo is more likely to diagnose than klrzaaypp
rpwx is a doctor, qjvtotybgfsq is a doctor, so rpwx is more likely to diagnose than qjvtotybgfsq
fvxdkjluht is a doctor, etjx is a doctor, so fvxdkjluht is more likely to diagnose than etjx
sso is a doctor, voemhndnt is a doctor, so sso is more likely to diagnose than voemhndnt
zwvwj is kpikydaejac's doctor, so kpikydaejac is less likely to diagnose than zwvwj
rjwryo is klrzaaypp's doctor, so klrzaaypp is less likely to diagnose than rjwryo
rpwx is qjvtotybgfsq's doctor, so qjvtotybgfsq is less likely to diagnose than rpwx
fvxdkjluht is etjx's doctor, so etjx is less likely to diagnose than fvxdkjluht
sso is voemhndnt's doctor, so voemhndnt is less likely to diagnose than sso
hodqmqs is a doctor, knbtvdmlju is not, so hodqmqs is not less likely to diagnose than knbtvdmlju
qojsrigwi is a doctor, ycvlgpgfwgka is not, so qojsrigwi is not less likely to diagnose than ycvlgpgfwgka
enypk is a doctor, cbxamow is not, so enypk is not less likely to diagnose than cbxamow
rohpnd is a doctor, ihdn is not, so rohpnd is not less likely to diagnose than ihdn
vyqw is a doctor, fhckodgws is not, so vyqw is not less likely to diagnose than fhckodgws
knbtvdmlju is a doctor, hodqmqs is not, so hodqmqs is not more likely to diagnose than knbtvdmlju
ycvlgpgfwgka is a doctor, qojsrigwi is not, so qojsrigwi is not more likely to diagnose than ycvlgpgfwgka
cbxamow is a doctor, enypk is not, so enypk is not more likely to diagnose than cbxamow
ihdn is a doctor, rohpnd is not, so rohpnd is not more likely to diagnose than ihdn
fhckodgws is a doctor, vyqw is not, so vyqw is not more likely to diagnose than fhckodgws
dpyovdj is a better handball player than ztha, so dpyovdj is more likely to win game than ztha
yczljvv is a better handball player than dhcqfc, so yczljvv is more likely to win game than dhcqfc
utdj is a better handball player than lcbdpdbakbv, so utdj is more likely to win game than lcbdpdbakbv
kmlkejmyadwn is a better handball player than jadhdlj, so kmlkejmyadwn is more likely to win game than jadhdlj
jhhzgdnqhqc is a better handball player than pqxkgjxeodx, so jhhzgdnqhqc is more likely to win game than pqxkgjxeodx
dpyovdj is a handball player, ztha is a tennis player, so ztha is less likely to win game than dpyovdj
yczljvv is a handball player, dhcqfc is a tennis player, so dhcqfc is less likely to win game than yczljvv
utdj is a handball player, lcbdpdbakbv is a tennis player, so lcbdpdbakbv is less likely to win game than utdj
kmlkejmyadwn is a handball player, jadhdlj is a tennis player, so jadhdlj is less likely to win game than kmlkejmyadwn
jhhzgdnqhqc is a handball player, pqxkgjxeodx is a tennis player, so pqxkgjxeodx is less likely to win game than jhhzgdnqhqc
aubvjgf is a handball player, ozti is not, so aubvjgf is not less likely to win game than ozti
owxugkdjkbdk is a handball player, rpi is not, so owxugkdjkbdk is not less likely to win game than rpi
xxmkszxf is a handball player, njvxtsj is not, so xxmkszxf is not less likely to win game than njvxtsj
lmokvmekrco is a handball player, nwtyvpn is not, so lmokvmekrco is not less likely to win game than nwtyvpn
vuftedrobu is a handball player, pal is not, so vuftedrobu is not less likely to win game than pal
ozti is a handball player, aubvjgf is not, so aubvjgf is not more likely to win game than ozti
rpi is a handball player, owxugkdjkbdk is not, so owxugkdjkbdk is not more likely to win game than rpi
njvxtsj is a handball player, xxmkszxf is not, so xxmkszxf is not more likely to win game than njvxtsj
nwtyvpn is a handball player, lmokvmekrco is not, so lmokvmekrco is not more likely to win game than nwtyvpn
pal is a handball player, vuftedrobu is not, so vuftedrobu is not more likely to win game than pal
gvxsehmikxa is a moving carpet, jkqxsftltp is not, so gvxsehmikxa is more likely to box carpet than jkqxsftltp
enq is a moving carpet, xbwdgak is not, so enq is more likely to box carpet than xbwdgak
fsbduekcyzy is a moving carpet, sylufzj is not, so fsbduekcyzy is more likely to box carpet than sylufzj
hvxorvwhpr is a moving carpet, mfocrhj is not, so hvxorvwhpr is more likely to box carpet than mfocrhj
jnqmboxq is a moving carpet, fkr is not, so jnqmboxq is more likely to box carpet than fkr
gvxsehmikxa is a slower move than jkqxsftltp, so jkqxsftltp is less likely to box carpet than gvxsehmikxa
enq is a slower move than xbwdgak, so xbwdgak is less likely to box carpet than enq
fsbduekcyzy is a slower move than sylufzj, so sylufzj is less likely to box carpet than fsbduekcyzy
hvxorvwhpr is a slower move than mfocrhj, so mfocrhj is less likely to box carpet than hvxorvwhpr
jnqmboxq is a slower move than fkr, so fkr is less likely to box carpet than jnqmboxq
qeywndxj is a MOVER, fvrfxcrdcffn is not, so qeywndxj is not less likely to box carpet than fvrfxcrdcffn
qliurcyu is a MOVER, tdwsmlq is not, so qliurcyu is not less likely to box carpet than tdwsmlq
gzmsrhadnky is a MOVER, mmvpmyqn is not, so gzmsrhadnky is not less likely to box carpet than mmvpmyqn
anwvparr is a MOVER, ztrtzxmjvwn is not, so anwvparr is not less likely to box carpet than ztrtzxmjvwn
fvwr is a MOVER, qhzrppbbila is not, so fvwr is not less likely to box carpet than qhzrppbbila
fvrfxcrdcffn is a MOVER, qeywndxj is not, so qeywndxj is not more likely to box carpet than fvrfxcrdcffn
tdwsmlq is a MOVER, qliurcyu is not, so qliurcyu is not more likely to box carpet than tdwsmlq
mmvpmyqn is a MOVER, gzmsrhadnky is not, so gzmsrhadnky is not more likely to box carpet than mmvpmyqn
ztrtzxmjvwn is a MOVER, anwvparr is not, so anwvparr is not more likely to box carpet than ztrtzxmjvwn
qhzrppbbila is a MOVER, fvwr is not, so fvwr is not more likely to box carpet than qhzrppbbila
nzglgfjmrmks is the waiter, xdjsd is the waiter, so nzglgfjmrmks is more likely to clear table than xdjsd
nsjyajzqeock is the waiter, nsbgkkb is the waiter, so nsjyajzqeock is more likely to clear table than nsbgkkb
bvqu is the waiter, puvhpbhjou is the waiter, so bvqu is more likely to clear table than puvhpbhjou
wbh is the waiter, unoglpo is the waiter, so wbh is more likely to clear table than unoglpo
aynqj is the waiter, dksrb is the waiter, so aynqj is more likely to clear table than dksrb
nzglgfjmrmks is the waiter, xdjsd is the waiter, so xdjsd is less likely to clear table than nzglgfjmrmks
nsjyajzqeock is the waiter, nsbgkkb is the waiter, so nsbgkkb is less likely to clear table than nsjyajzqeock
bvqu is the waiter, puvhpbhjou is the waiter, so puvhpbhjou is less likely to clear table than bvqu
wbh is the waiter, unoglpo is the waiter, so unoglpo is less likely to clear table than wbh
aynqj is the waiter, dksrb is the waiter, so dksrb is less likely to clear table than aynqj
yjxyxx is the waiter, oyvkm is the waiter, so yjxyxx is not more clear than oyvkm
lcebgluuzv is the waiter, sdgimcrup is the waiter, so lcebgluuzv is not more clear than sdgimcrup
jbubbycdiof is the waiter, uchqqfybu is the waiter, so jbubbycdiof is not more clear than uchqqfybu
xpkyu is the waiter, exavreane is the waiter, so xpkyu is not more clear than exavreane
mqrgvahdy is the waiter, myia is the waiter, so mqrgvahdy is not more clear than myia
oyvkm is the waiter, yjxyxx is the waiter, so yjxyxx is not more clear than oyvkm
sdgimcrup is the waiter, lcebgluuzv is the waiter, so lcebgluuzv is not more clear than sdgimcrup
uchqqfybu is the waiter, jbubbycdiof is the waiter, so jbubbycdiof is not more clear than uchqqfybu
exavreane is the waiter, xpkyu is the waiter, so xpkyu is not more clear than exavreane
myia is the waiter, mqrgvahdy is the waiter, so mqrgvahdy is not more clear than myia
filmzfz is wlgkttbyg's cashier, so filmzfz is more likely to price sale than wlgkttbyg
frqbxr is urzxthr's cashier, so frqbxr is more likely to price sale than urzxthr
jvddnt is tjuz's cashier, so jvddnt is more likely to price sale than tjuz
qysfw is uubgfjvbdc's cashier, so qysfw is more likely to price sale than uubgfjvbdc
ssnot is pefypy's cashier, so ssnot is more likely to price sale than pefypy
filmzfz is wlgkttbyg's cashier, so wlgkttbyg is less likely to price sale than filmzfz
frqbxr is urzxthr's cashier, so urzxthr is less likely to price sale than frqbxr
jvddnt is tjuz's cashier, so tjuz is less likely to price sale than jvddnt
qysfw is uubgfjvbdc's cashier, so uubgfjvbdc is less likely to price sale than qysfw
ssnot is pefypy's cashier, so pefypy is less likely to price sale than ssnot
fgdb is taidqx's cashier, so fgdb is not less likely to price sale than taidqx
nnxskmebc is kzhfmwvm's cashier, so nnxskmebc is not less likely to price sale than kzhfmwvm
baqcfy is xtbpgtcugr's cashier, so baqcfy is not less likely to price sale than xtbpgtcugr
qevqveffghbn is fpijmskgl's cashier, so qevqveffghbn is not less likely to price sale than fpijmskgl
mkijx is fervjfrcccjk's cashier, so mkijx is not less likely to price sale than fervjfrcccjk
taidqx is a cashier, fgdb is not, so fgdb is not more likely to price sale than taidqx
kzhfmwvm is a cashier, nnxskmebc is not, so nnxskmebc is not more likely to price sale than kzhfmwvm
xtbpgtcugr is a cashier, baqcfy is not, so baqcfy is not more likely to price sale than xtbpgtcugr
fpijmskgl is a cashier, qevqveffghbn is not, so qevqveffghbn is not more likely to price sale than fpijmskgl
fervjfrcccjk is a cashier, mkijx is not, so mkijx is not more likely to price sale than fervjfrcccjk
voq is a football player, aeidsfmqbgj is a rugby player, so voq is less likely to run than aeidsfmqbgj
wnzooe is a football player, gxhodqoko is a rugby player, so wnzooe is less likely to run than gxhodqoko
efebywo is a football player, pfgk is a rugby player, so efebywo is less likely to run than pfgk
vqjoclds is a football player, onxygnlor is a rugby player, so vqjoclds is less likely to run than onxygnlor
vpuatyquaka is a football player, ldyssymjkd is a rugby player, so vpuatyquaka is less likely to run than ldyssymjkd
voq is a football player, aeidsfmqbgj is a rugby player, so aeidsfmqbgj is less likely to run than voq
wnzooe is a football player, gxhodqoko is a rugby player, so gxhodqoko is less likely to run than wnzooe
efebywo is a football player, pfgk is a rugby player, so pfgk is less likely to run than efebywo
vqjoclds is a football player, onxygnlor is a rugby player, so onxygnlor is less likely to run than vqjoclds
vpuatyquaka is a football player, ldyssymjkd is a rugby player, so ldyssymjkd is less likely to run than vpuatyquaka
zcgkibq is a football player, fmv is not, so zcgkibq is not less likely to run than fmv
cknb is a football player, ljgwfxfogbk is not, so cknb is not less likely to run than ljgwfxfogbk
imc is a football player, vihfupfd is not, so imc is not less likely to run than vihfupfd
kxqqh is a football player, zuz is not, so kxqqh is not less likely to run than zuz
gjjtnhcec is a football player, xnlhjfpytqgm is not, so gjjtnhcec is not less likely to run than xnlhjfpytqgm
fmv is a football player, zcgkibq is not, so zcgkibq is not more likely to run than fmv
ljgwfxfogbk is a football player, cknb is not, so cknb is not more likely to run than ljgwfxfogbk
vihfupfd is a football player, imc is not, so imc is not more likely to run than vihfupfd
zuz is a football player, kxqqh is not, so kxqqh is not more likely to run than zuz
xnlhjfpytqgm is a football player, gjjtnhcec is not, so gjjtnhcec is not more likely to run than xnlhjfpytqgm
wyq is a mathematician, dhvkc is a mathematician, so wyq is more likely to add number than dhvkc
guvjtgxxf is a mathematician, nimfihj is a mathematician, so guvjtgxxf is more likely to add number than nimfihj
skbeuh is a mathematician, ntcocmat is a mathematician, so skbeuh is more likely to add number than ntcocmat
idulzegk is a mathematician, wcseyhr is a mathematician, so idulzegk is more likely to add number than wcseyhr
yukwnmxg is a mathematician, vjatmielyhnv is a mathematician, so yukwnmxg is more likely to add number than vjatmielyhnv
wyq is a mathematician, dhvkc is not, so dhvkc is less likely to add number than wyq
guvjtgxxf is a mathematician, nimfihj is not, so nimfihj is less likely to add number than guvjtgxxf
skbeuh is a mathematician, ntcocmat is not, so ntcocmat is less likely to add number than skbeuh
idulzegk is a mathematician, wcseyhr is not, so wcseyhr is less likely to add number than idulzegk
yukwnmxg is a mathematician, vjatmielyhnv is not, so vjatmielyhnv is less likely to add number than yukwnmxg
ejepsxdvx is a mathematician, yezzdp is not, so ejepsxdvx is not less likely to add number than yezzdp
hjouu is a mathematician, rxjvcuygambq is not, so hjouu is not less likely to add number than rxjvcuygambq
nrrm is a mathematician, rivosfbczfmg is not, so nrrm is not less likely to add number than rivosfbczfmg
jjicxk is a mathematician, qxjrhnl is not, so jjicxk is not less likely to add number than qxjrhnl
uqmdtxx is a mathematician, dquoltua is not, so uqmdtxx is not less likely to add number than dquoltua
yezzdp is a mathematician, ejepsxdvx is not, so ejepsxdvx is not more likely to add number than yezzdp
rxjvcuygambq is a mathematician, hjouu is not, so hjouu is not more likely to add number than rxjvcuygambq
rivosfbczfmg is a mathematician, nrrm is not, so nrrm is not more likely to add number than rivosfbczfmg
qxjrhnl is a mathematician, jjicxk is not, so jjicxk is not more likely to add number than qxjrhnl
dquoltua is a mathematician, uqmdtxx is not, so uqmdtxx is not more likely to add number than dquoltua
svgjoi is ckzgjjg's maid, so svgjoi is more likely to be a maid than ckzgjjg
bafdqsywy is umzemk's maid, so bafdqsywy is more likely to be a maid than umzemk
ubcytlthm is dxnnhy's maid, so ubcytlthm is more likely to be a maid than dxnnhy
ijflop is ynxvbuiejy's maid, so ijflop is more likely to be a maid than ynxvbuiejy
enrvidik is vuzhedi's maid, so enrvidik is more likely to be a maid than vuzhedi
svgjoi is a maid, ckzgjjg is not, so ckzgjjg is less likely to be maid than svgjoi
bafdqsywy is a maid, umzemk is not, so umzemk is less likely to be maid than bafdqsywy
ubcytlthm is a maid, dxnnhy is not, so dxnnhy is less likely to be maid than ubcytlthm
ijflop is a maid, ynxvbuiejy is not, so ynxvbuiejy is less likely to be maid than ijflop
enrvidik is a maid, vuzhedi is not, so vuzhedi is less likely to be maid than enrvidik
int is a maid, tsh is not, so int is not less likely to be maid than tsh
awsdnqkxmr is a maid, mwsiiqocp is not, so awsdnqkxmr is not less likely to be maid than mwsiiqocp
nhexqdkuwcwk is a maid, pryfvkyaf is not, so nhexqdkuwcwk is not less likely to be maid than pryfvkyaf
dnxb is a maid, bbcyuvw is not, so dnxb is not less likely to be maid than bbcyuvw
vyudxeelz is a maid, xcrkfvjxiprj is not, so vyudxeelz is not less likely to be maid than xcrkfvjxiprj
tsh is not int's maid, so int is not more likely to be a maid than tsh
mwsiiqocp is not awsdnqkxmr's maid, so awsdnqkxmr is not more likely to be a maid than mwsiiqocp
pryfvkyaf is not nhexqdkuwcwk's maid, so nhexqdkuwcwk is not more likely to be a maid than pryfvkyaf
bbcyuvw is not dnxb's maid, so dnxb is not more likely to be a maid than bbcyuvw
xcrkfvjxiprj is not vyudxeelz's maid, so vyudxeelz is not more likely to be a maid than xcrkfvjxiprj
efzms is a policeman, mqyhs is not, so efzms will be more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than mqyhs
hft is a policeman, sulehlgysg is not, so hft will be more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than sulehlgysg
hsvdoei is a policeman, tcvfqwbfkt is not, so hsvdoei will be more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than tcvfqwbfkt
kmshmh is a policeman, xoumzitbym is not, so kmshmh will be more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than xoumzitbym
xxfdmfskpak is a policeman, dmkzngnppq is not, so xxfdmfskpak will be more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than dmkzngnppq
efzms is a police officer, mqyhs is not, so mqyhs will be less likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than efzms
hft is a police officer, sulehlgysg is not, so sulehlgysg will be less likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than hft
hsvdoei is a police officer, tcvfqwbfkt is not, so tcvfqwbfkt will be less likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than hsvdoei
kmshmh is a police officer, xoumzitbym is not, so xoumzitbym will be less likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than kmshmh
xxfdmfskpak is a police officer, dmkzngnppq is not, so dmkzngnppq will be less likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than xxfdmfskpak
ffnwrppezodm is a police officer, ylooaspzn is not, so ffnwrppezodm is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than ylooaspzn
yyw is a police officer, mdod is not, so yyw is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than mdod
itypzfafwd is a police officer, erattiv is not, so itypzfafwd is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than erattiv
qoo is a police officer, bon is not, so qoo is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than bon
hmfg is a police officer, tyojpl is not, so hmfg is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than tyojpl
ylooaspzn is a policeman, ffnwrppezodm is not, so ffnwrppezodm is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than ylooaspzn
mdod is a policeman, yyw is not, so yyw is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than mdod
erattiv is a policeman, itypzfafwd is not, so itypzfafwd is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than erattiv
bon is a policeman, qoo is not, so qoo is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than bon
tyojpl is a policeman, hmfg is not, so hmfg is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than tyojpl
tfyphetdv is a tennis player, npcfkkzs is a tennis player, so tfyphetdv is more likely to be a tennis player than npcfkkzs
htmyj is a tennis player, mqvhais is a tennis player, so htmyj is more likely to be a tennis player than mqvhais
ytu is a tennis player, qfnxwca is a tennis player, so ytu is more likely to be a tennis player than qfnxwca
juegsxkmay is a tennis player, fsiwyx is a tennis player, so juegsxkmay is more likely to be a tennis player than fsiwyx
shksogef is a tennis player, vkmrw is a tennis player, so shksogef is more likely to be a tennis player than vkmrw
tfyphetdv is a tennis player, npcfkkzs is a tennis player, so npcfkkzs is less likely to be a good tennis player than tfyphetdv
htmyj is a tennis player, mqvhais is a tennis player, so mqvhais is less likely to be a good tennis player than htmyj
ytu is a tennis player, qfnxwca is a tennis player, so qfnxwca is less likely to be a good tennis player than ytu
juegsxkmay is a tennis player, fsiwyx is a tennis player, so fsiwyx is less likely to be a good tennis player than juegsxkmay
shksogef is a tennis player, vkmrw is a tennis player, so vkmrw is less likely to be a good tennis player than shksogef
fubhj is a tennis player, gyajfigtqhnm is not, so fubhj is not less likely to be a good tennis player than gyajfigtqhnm
fpubcptqwo is a tennis player, numuxllssj is not, so fpubcptqwo is not less likely to be a good tennis player than numuxllssj
auosv is a tennis player, ecqcijs is not, so auosv is not less likely to be a good tennis player than ecqcijs
htoogx is a tennis player, eotw is not, so htoogx is not less likely to be a good tennis player than eotw
iortogepf is a tennis player, cjgavi is not, so iortogepf is not less likely to be a good tennis player than cjgavi
gyajfigtqhnm is a tennis player, fubhj is not, so fubhj is not more likely to be a tennis player than gyajfigtqhnm
numuxllssj is a tennis player, fpubcptqwo is not, so fpubcptqwo is not more likely to be a tennis player than numuxllssj
ecqcijs is a tennis player, auosv is not, so auosv is not more likely to be a tennis player than ecqcijs
eotw is a tennis player, htoogx is not, so htoogx is not more likely to be a tennis player than eotw
cjgavi is a tennis player, iortogepf is not, so iortogepf is not more likely to be a tennis player than cjgavi
vbqyuumxqr is more mechanical than ixgisyu, so vbqyuumxqr has a more clean engine than ixgisyu
otgud is more mechanical than jraofpgfmq, so otgud has a more clean engine than jraofpgfmq
ybxgve is more mechanical than jbskqhvzhgpc, so ybxgve has a more clean engine than jbskqhvzhgpc
lkbbgfuoxr is more mechanical than bewotn, so lkbbgfuoxr has a more clean engine than bewotn
bhaclu is more mechanical than hjbbbpcxw, so bhaclu has a more clean engine than hjbbbpcxw
vbqyuumxqr is more mechanical than ixgisyu, so ixgisyu has a less clean engine than vbqyuumxqr
otgud is more mechanical than jraofpgfmq, so jraofpgfmq has a less clean engine than otgud
ybxgve is more mechanical than jbskqhvzhgpc, so jbskqhvzhgpc has a less clean engine than ybxgve
lkbbgfuoxr is more mechanical than bewotn, so bewotn has a less clean engine than lkbbgfuoxr
bhaclu is more mechanical than hjbbbpcxw, so hjbbbpcxw has a less clean engine than bhaclu
zkldratmejx is more mechanical than coyeoaxp, so zkldratmejx is not more clean engine than coyeoaxp
xpinirmfq is more mechanical than ewbexxpbzcrj, so xpinirmfq is not more clean engine than ewbexxpbzcrj
cuo is more mechanical than uoyh, so cuo is not more clean engine than uoyh
gpsnrsezsvsg is more mechanical than muqr, so gpsnrsezsvsg is not more clean engine than muqr
dcwqcjbewvx is more mechanical than pvhlrwc, so dcwqcjbewvx is not more clean engine than pvhlrwc
coyeoaxp is more mechanical than zkldratmejx, so zkldratmejx is not more clean engine than coyeoaxp
ewbexxpbzcrj is more mechanical than xpinirmfq, so xpinirmfq is not more clean engine than ewbexxpbzcrj
uoyh is more mechanical than cuo, so cuo is not more clean engine than uoyh
muqr is more mechanical than gpsnrsezsvsg, so gpsnrsezsvsg is not more clean engine than muqr
pvhlrwc is more mechanical than dcwqcjbewvx, so dcwqcjbewvx is not more clean engine than pvhlrwc
bimbvhgd is ahistorian, zefp is a mathematician, so bimbvhgd is less likely to find clue than zefp
ueifbwlgvsmv is ahistorian, xhraui is a mathematician, so ueifbwlgvsmv is less likely to find clue than xhraui
hkyhuzkcff is ahistorian, lxvjiooqbv is a mathematician, so hkyhuzkcff is less likely to find clue than lxvjiooqbv
qznuykg is ahistorian, oncs is a mathematician, so qznuykg is less likely to find clue than oncs
yveobsgkmh is ahistorian, djtujjoejni is a mathematician, so yveobsgkmh is less likely to find clue than djtujjoejni
bimbvhgd is ahistorian, zefp is not, so zefp is less likely to find clue than bimbvhgd
ueifbwlgvsmv is ahistorian, xhraui is not, so xhraui is less likely to find clue than ueifbwlgvsmv
hkyhuzkcff is ahistorian, lxvjiooqbv is not, so lxvjiooqbv is less likely to find clue than hkyhuzkcff
qznuykg is ahistorian, oncs is not, so oncs is less likely to find clue than qznuykg
yveobsgkmh is ahistorian, djtujjoejni is not, so djtujjoejni is less likely to find clue than yveobsgkmh
etcbmlmok is ahistorian, tcaxsbqzmhrx is not, so etcbmlmok is not less likely to find clue than tcaxsbqzmhrx
tomvtpteymlg is ahistorian, mgeijrrmhc is not, so tomvtpteymlg is not less likely to find clue than mgeijrrmhc
urm is ahistorian, omcinvkkvby is not, so urm is not less likely to find clue than omcinvkkvby
qibaslobafhr is ahistorian, icuk is not, so qibaslobafhr is not less likely to find clue than icuk
twqpsiuflcdf is ahistorian, pisykrprzig is not, so twqpsiuflcdf is not less likely to find clue than pisykrprzig
tcaxsbqzmhrx is ahistorian, etcbmlmok is not, so etcbmlmok is not more likely to find clue than tcaxsbqzmhrx
mgeijrrmhc is ahistorian, tomvtpteymlg is not, so tomvtpteymlg is not more likely to find clue than mgeijrrmhc
omcinvkkvby is ahistorian, urm is not, so urm is not more likely to find clue than omcinvkkvby
icuk is ahistorian, qibaslobafhr is not, so qibaslobafhr is not more likely to find clue than icuk
pisykrprzig is ahistorian, twqpsiuflcdf is not, so twqpsiuflcdf is not more likely to find clue than pisykrprzig
wdp is a clerk, krcgyh is a book counter, so wdp is more book counter than krcgyh
ibcra is a clerk, tzii is a book counter, so ibcra is more book counter than tzii
rwdfbbtcyhg is a clerk, yojqtbqfpn is a book counter, so rwdfbbtcyhg is more book counter than yojqtbqfpn
lyjhlwdaevsi is a clerk, tastwbggvhm is a book counter, so lyjhlwdaevsi is more book counter than tastwbggvhm
igzuiafpj is a clerk, vkpe is a book counter, so igzuiafpj is more book counter than vkpe
wdp is a clerk, krcgyh is a book counter, so krcgyh is more book counter than wdp
ibcra is a clerk, tzii is a book counter, so tzii is more book counter than ibcra
rwdfbbtcyhg is a clerk, yojqtbqfpn is a book counter, so yojqtbqfpn is more book counter than rwdfbbtcyhg
lyjhlwdaevsi is a clerk, tastwbggvhm is a book counter, so tastwbggvhm is more book counter than lyjhlwdaevsi
igzuiafpj is a clerk, vkpe is a book counter, so vkpe is more book counter than igzuiafpj
pdb is a clerk, suev is a book counter, so pdb is not more book counter than suev
sysff is a clerk, dfjkljjfd is a book counter, so sysff is not more book counter than dfjkljjfd
ote is a clerk, xisqmzzmngu is a book counter, so ote is not more book counter than xisqmzzmngu
lbktzmysoeuy is a clerk, ugvz is a book counter, so lbktzmysoeuy is not more book counter than ugvz
pciygx is a clerk, rvhydg is a book counter, so pciygx is not more book counter than rvhydg
suev is a book counter, pdb is not, so pdb is not more book counter than suev
dfjkljjfd is a book counter, sysff is not, so sysff is not more book counter than dfjkljjfd
xisqmzzmngu is a book counter, ote is not, so ote is not more book counter than xisqmzzmngu
ugvz is a book counter, lbktzmysoeuy is not, so lbktzmysoeuy is not more book counter than ugvz
rvhydg is a book counter, pciygx is not, so pciygx is not more book counter than rvhydg
gfeqq tilts zjyr's head up, so gfeqq is more aggressive than zjyr
vfof tilts hvwho's head up, so vfof is more aggressive than hvwho
ymsziz tilts feghdlghxicv's head up, so ymsziz is more aggressive than feghdlghxicv
ofoaqv tilts arevcax's head up, so ofoaqv is more aggressive than arevcax
mkivuvc tilts jolw's head up, so mkivuvc is more aggressive than jolw
gfeqq tilts zjyr's head up, so zjyr is less aggressive than gfeqq
vfof tilts hvwho's head up, so hvwho is less aggressive than vfof
ymsziz tilts feghdlghxicv's head up, so feghdlghxicv is less aggressive than ymsziz
ofoaqv tilts arevcax's head up, so arevcax is less aggressive than ofoaqv
mkivuvc tilts jolw's head up, so jolw is less aggressive than mkivuvc
cktiuzzh tilts itnckk's head up, so cktiuzzh is not more aggressive than itnckk
cytme tilts bkedffzbqz's head up, so cytme is not more aggressive than bkedffzbqz
mhnm tilts ciegwmdgut's head up, so mhnm is not more aggressive than ciegwmdgut
hfsnpcuq tilts rvkempiwaz's head up, so hfsnpcuq is not more aggressive than rvkempiwaz
defotslehfhd tilts hccpkdcd's head up, so defotslehfhd is not more aggressive than hccpkdcd
itnckk tilts cktiuzzh's head up, so cktiuzzh is not more aggressive than itnckk
bkedffzbqz tilts cytme's head up, so cytme is not more aggressive than bkedffzbqz
ciegwmdgut tilts mhnm's head up, so mhnm is not more aggressive than ciegwmdgut
rvkempiwaz tilts hfsnpcuq's head up, so hfsnpcuq is not more aggressive than rvkempiwaz
hccpkdcd tilts defotslehfhd's head up, so defotslehfhd is not more aggressive than hccpkdcd
zwwslh suits xcolcuzg's taste, so zwwslh is less easy going than xcolcuzg
omt suits jgfljesvwzn's taste, so omt is less easy going than jgfljesvwzn
xynse suits dzedknpkbo's taste, so xynse is less easy going than dzedknpkbo
dbdekbjkhpe suits xcqxplhbmywg's taste, so dbdekbjkhpe is less easy going than xcqxplhbmywg
cntou suits vhcphcmsfd's taste, so cntou is less easy going than vhcphcmsfd
zwwslh suits xcolcuzg's taste, so xcolcuzg is less easy going than zwwslh
omt suits jgfljesvwzn's taste, so jgfljesvwzn is less easy going than omt
xynse suits dzedknpkbo's taste, so dzedknpkbo is less easy going than xynse
dbdekbjkhpe suits xcqxplhbmywg's taste, so xcqxplhbmywg is less easy going than dbdekbjkhpe
cntou suits vhcphcmsfd's taste, so vhcphcmsfd is less easy going than cntou
hrpacro suits ksgiiyqjjkac's taste, so hrpacro is not less easy going than ksgiiyqjjkac
imegs suits hzw's taste, so imegs is not less easy going than hzw
civmll suits umvvzlzahew's taste, so civmll is not less easy going than umvvzlzahew
dlfkfpgem suits wzbvhlediewg's taste, so dlfkfpgem is not less easy going than wzbvhlediewg
zxzmkyl suits zsuqey's taste, so zxzmkyl is not less easy going than zsuqey
ksgiiyqjjkac suits hrpacro's taste, so hrpacro is not more easy going than ksgiiyqjjkac
hzw suits imegs's taste, so imegs is not more easy going than hzw
umvvzlzahew suits civmll's taste, so civmll is not more easy going than umvvzlzahew
wzbvhlediewg suits dlfkfpgem's taste, so dlfkfpgem is not more easy going than wzbvhlediewg
zsuqey suits zxzmkyl's taste, so zxzmkyl is not more easy going than zsuqey
cxdlnkrljgon misses the opportunity to be more ambitious than wxtinrgtaxth, so cxdlnkrljgon is less ambitious than wxtinrgtaxth
sfsxaigr misses the opportunity to be more ambitious than aoh, so sfsxaigr is less ambitious than aoh
xqdbofyu misses the opportunity to be more ambitious than mzfsvehw, so xqdbofyu is less ambitious than mzfsvehw
nfxuit misses the opportunity to be more ambitious than vvqmdnb, so nfxuit is less ambitious than vvqmdnb
bsmamojk misses the opportunity to be more ambitious than igiitjchuk, so bsmamojk is less ambitious than igiitjchuk
cxdlnkrljgon misses a opportunity, so wxtinrgtaxth is less ambitious than cxdlnkrljgon
sfsxaigr misses a opportunity, so aoh is less ambitious than sfsxaigr
xqdbofyu misses a opportunity, so mzfsvehw is less ambitious than xqdbofyu
nfxuit misses a opportunity, so vvqmdnb is less ambitious than nfxuit
bsmamojk misses a opportunity, so igiitjchuk is less ambitious than bsmamojk
oemk misses an opportunity, so oemk is not less ambitious than cquq
iopivtf misses an opportunity, so iopivtf is not less ambitious than zhskwfqqy
lpyopvnlo misses an opportunity, so lpyopvnlo is not less ambitious than kqugudsr
jmj misses an opportunity, so jmj is not less ambitious than emgwejqv
vuqd misses an opportunity, so vuqd is not less ambitious than ajkwrt
cquq misses oemk's opportunity, so oemk is not more un ambitious than cquq
zhskwfqqy misses iopivtf's opportunity, so iopivtf is not more un ambitious than zhskwfqqy
kqugudsr misses lpyopvnlo's opportunity, so lpyopvnlo is not more un ambitious than kqugudsr
emgwejqv misses jmj's opportunity, so jmj is not more un ambitious than emgwejqv
ajkwrt misses vuqd's opportunity, so vuqd is not more un ambitious than ajkwrt
zdwah shoves cdkexkwj away, so zdwah is more harmful than cdkexkwj
angc shoves lqgeanhxfsu away, so angc is more harmful than lqgeanhxfsu
czuu shoves gjmm away, so czuu is more harmful than gjmm
czgpfxzgbp shoves gctj away, so czgpfxzgbp is more harmful than gctj
klullktjvcgz shoves railadts away, so klullktjvcgz is more harmful than railadts
zdwah shoves cdkexkwj away, so cdkexkwj is less harmful than zdwah
angc shoves lqgeanhxfsu away, so lqgeanhxfsu is less harmful than angc
czuu shoves gjmm away, so gjmm is less harmful than czuu
czgpfxzgbp shoves gctj away, so gctj is less harmful than czgpfxzgbp
klullktjvcgz shoves railadts away, so railadts is less harmful than klullktjvcgz
lzonva shoves gbauqkumde away, so lzonva is not less harmful than gbauqkumde
maheohnaanrn shoves xdvcfsx away, so maheohnaanrn is not less harmful than xdvcfsx
tlxvi shoves meacey away, so tlxvi is not less harmful than meacey
rfvrkvklfleg shoves fxra away, so rfvrkvklfleg is not less harmful than fxra
roarf shoves byxpbapqkcb away, so roarf is not less harmful than byxpbapqkcb
gbauqkumde shoves lzonva away, so lzonva is not less harmful than gbauqkumde
xdvcfsx shoves maheohnaanrn away, so maheohnaanrn is not less harmful than xdvcfsx
meacey shoves tlxvi away, so tlxvi is not less harmful than meacey
fxra shoves rfvrkvklfleg away, so rfvrkvklfleg is not less harmful than fxra
byxpbapqkcb shoves roarf away, so roarf is not less harmful than byxpbapqkcb
epj meets jls halfway, so epj is more caring than jls
vmeq meets bhrk halfway, so vmeq is more caring than bhrk
pogo meets szty halfway, so pogo is more caring than szty
ulchfajy meets ysxpwqtdm halfway, so ulchfajy is more caring than ysxpwqtdm
qhsocmqyefn meets skajw halfway, so qhsocmqyefn is more caring than skajw
epj meets jls halfway, so jls is less caring than epj
vmeq meets bhrk halfway, so bhrk is less caring than vmeq
pogo meets szty halfway, so szty is less caring than pogo
ulchfajy meets ysxpwqtdm halfway, so ysxpwqtdm is less caring than ulchfajy
qhsocmqyefn meets skajw halfway, so skajw is less caring than qhsocmqyefn
rjqnhfe meets axkodtthe halfway, so rjqnhfe is not less caring than axkodtthe
wtixslaj meets hlvgittsaga halfway, so wtixslaj is not less caring than hlvgittsaga
pvkaelzofhka meets coxlzqfysyd halfway, so pvkaelzofhka is not less caring than coxlzqfysyd
aplkcedfb meets ymw halfway, so aplkcedfb is not less caring than ymw
tncjztzw meets rcmudbi halfway, so tncjztzw is not less caring than rcmudbi
axkodtthe meets rjqnhfe halfway, so rjqnhfe is not less caring than axkodtthe
hlvgittsaga meets wtixslaj halfway, so wtixslaj is not less caring than hlvgittsaga
coxlzqfysyd meets pvkaelzofhka halfway, so pvkaelzofhka is not less caring than coxlzqfysyd
ymw meets aplkcedfb halfway, so aplkcedfb is not less caring than ymw
rcmudbi meets tncjztzw halfway, so tncjztzw is not less caring than rcmudbi
yjvzpuo makes wavjnf deposit every time, so yjvzpuo is more responsible than wavjnf
qigicfkalymd makes dmuor deposit every time, so qigicfkalymd is more responsible than dmuor
dmw makes zznqepl deposit every time, so dmw is more responsible than zznqepl
uldamhgggrk makes vfqlbozb deposit every time, so uldamhgggrk is more responsible than vfqlbozb
kcnqglmfs makes jyxvpigtrd deposit every time, so kcnqglmfs is more responsible than jyxvpigtrd
yjvzpuo makes wavjnf deposit every time, so wavjnf is less responsible than yjvzpuo
qigicfkalymd makes dmuor deposit every time, so dmuor is less responsible than qigicfkalymd
dmw makes zznqepl deposit every time, so zznqepl is less responsible than dmw
uldamhgggrk makes vfqlbozb deposit every time, so vfqlbozb is less responsible than uldamhgggrk
kcnqglmfs makes jyxvpigtrd deposit every time, so jyxvpigtrd is less responsible than kcnqglmfs
owndzdvjdk makes vbz deposit every time, so owndzdvjdk is not less responsible than vbz
amrn makes rdnghvxcx deposit every time, so amrn is not less responsible than rdnghvxcx
rmslkpa makes ardegprn deposit every time, so rmslkpa is not less responsible than ardegprn
ktyrqugyt makes vduz deposit every time, so ktyrqugyt is not less responsible than vduz
tvcecxqzv makes jexvwmhmvwn deposit every time, so tvcecxqzv is not less responsible than jexvwmhmvwn
vbz makes owndzdvjdk deposit every time, so owndzdvjdk is not more responsible than vbz
rdnghvxcx makes amrn deposit every time, so amrn is not more responsible than rdnghvxcx
ardegprn makes rmslkpa deposit every time, so rmslkpa is not more responsible than ardegprn
vduz makes ktyrqugyt deposit every time, so ktyrqugyt is not more responsible than vduz
jexvwmhmvwn makes tvcecxqzv deposit every time, so tvcecxqzv is not more responsible than jexvwmhmvwn
jzri rides qulfmscmw's skateboard, so jzri is more coordinated than qulfmscmw
qjwyv rides dtjnndk's skateboard, so qjwyv is more coordinated than dtjnndk
gvqmvxpb rides jtowf's skateboard, so gvqmvxpb is more coordinated than jtowf
aascxxs rides hvwadv's skateboard, so aascxxs is more coordinated than hvwadv
tsgjbljigk rides gfzrpwz's skateboard, so tsgjbljigk is more coordinated than gfzrpwz
jzri rides qulfmscmw's skateboard, so qulfmscmw is less coordinated than jzri
qjwyv rides dtjnndk's skateboard, so dtjnndk is less coordinated than qjwyv
gvqmvxpb rides jtowf's skateboard, so jtowf is less coordinated than gvqmvxpb
aascxxs rides hvwadv's skateboard, so hvwadv is less coordinated than aascxxs
tsgjbljigk rides gfzrpwz's skateboard, so gfzrpwz is less coordinated than tsgjbljigk
unfg rides zjdfk's skateboard, so unfg is not less coordinated than zjdfk
qpoouhwrzf rides wwxcezvns's skateboard, so qpoouhwrzf is not less coordinated than wwxcezvns
mirhhjcvbpg rides hqfrkztqnl's skateboard, so mirhhjcvbpg is not less coordinated than hqfrkztqnl
qcmut rides ckhqnyan's skateboard, so qcmut is not less coordinated than ckhqnyan
eityf rides dyry's skateboard, so eityf is not less coordinated than dyry
zjdfk rides unfg's skateboard, so unfg is not more coordinated than zjdfk
wwxcezvns rides qpoouhwrzf's skateboard, so qpoouhwrzf is not more coordinated than wwxcezvns
hqfrkztqnl rides mirhhjcvbpg's skateboard, so mirhhjcvbpg is not more coordinated than hqfrkztqnl
ckhqnyan rides qcmut's skateboard, so qcmut is not more coordinated than ckhqnyan
dyry rides eityf's skateboard, so eityf is not more coordinated than dyry
quaq packs jggvwtbtf's stuff more than jggvwtbtf, so quaq is more considerate than jggvwtbtf
srueyeby packs ogdntjiedmak's stuff more than ogdntjiedmak, so srueyeby is more considerate than ogdntjiedmak
pitpjr packs vazqvqy's stuff more than vazqvqy, so pitpjr is more considerate than vazqvqy
lcxitikihl packs jokaoas's stuff more than jokaoas, so lcxitikihl is more considerate than jokaoas
zuupqdhzed packs ccklsreg's stuff more than ccklsreg, so zuupqdhzed is more considerate than ccklsreg
quaq packs jggvwtbtf's stuff more than jggvwtbtf, so jggvwtbtf is less considerate than quaq
srueyeby packs ogdntjiedmak's stuff more than ogdntjiedmak, so ogdntjiedmak is less considerate than srueyeby
pitpjr packs vazqvqy's stuff more than vazqvqy, so vazqvqy is less considerate than pitpjr
lcxitikihl packs jokaoas's stuff more than jokaoas, so jokaoas is less considerate than lcxitikihl
zuupqdhzed packs ccklsreg's stuff more than ccklsreg, so ccklsreg is less considerate than zuupqdhzed
vnjhqnnfdf packs jvtlllbztn's stuff, so vnjhqnnfdf is not less considerate than jvtlllbztn
qcjkmhcsoqiq packs mdpyfwi's stuff, so qcjkmhcsoqiq is not less considerate than mdpyfwi
mrmdnihx packs ennri's stuff, so mrmdnihx is not less considerate than ennri
jbmsbs packs lurf's stuff, so jbmsbs is not less considerate than lurf
zhglfee packs skkwfdxftlc's stuff, so zhglfee is not less considerate than skkwfdxftlc
jvtlllbztn packs vnjhqnnfdf's stuff more than vnjhqnnfdf, so vnjhqnnfdf is not more considerate than jvtlllbztn
mdpyfwi packs qcjkmhcsoqiq's stuff more than qcjkmhcsoqiq, so qcjkmhcsoqiq is not more considerate than mdpyfwi
ennri packs mrmdnihx's stuff more than mrmdnihx, so mrmdnihx is not more considerate than ennri
lurf packs jbmsbs's stuff more than jbmsbs, so jbmsbs is not more considerate than lurf
skkwfdxftlc packs zhglfee's stuff more than zhglfee, so zhglfee is not more considerate than skkwfdxftlc
ibtudndlpdju uses aqebvt's number, so ibtudndlpdju is more eager than aqebvt
rzsvmjdhbu uses qzsiqojrg's number, so rzsvmjdhbu is more eager than qzsiqojrg
mrkbvdwsy uses fam's number, so mrkbvdwsy is more eager than fam
drbrwmonyoxa uses cmiihzn's number, so drbrwmonyoxa is more eager than cmiihzn
tnbquyabp uses sesqcwvkrdo's number, so tnbquyabp is more eager than sesqcwvkrdo
ibtudndlpdju uses aqebvt's number, so aqebvt is less eager than ibtudndlpdju
rzsvmjdhbu uses qzsiqojrg's number, so qzsiqojrg is less eager than rzsvmjdhbu
mrkbvdwsy uses fam's number, so fam is less eager than mrkbvdwsy
drbrwmonyoxa uses cmiihzn's number, so cmiihzn is less eager than drbrwmonyoxa
tnbquyabp uses sesqcwvkrdo's number, so sesqcwvkrdo is less eager than tnbquyabp
lvmbmap uses kywqwoyuh's number, so lvmbmap is not less eager than kywqwoyuh
swrlf uses crjxfvdujrc's number, so swrlf is not less eager than crjxfvdujrc
ghrurlgeu uses kvfkjb's number, so ghrurlgeu is not less eager than kvfkjb
gmbth uses dqmaswpkmtiu's number, so gmbth is not less eager than dqmaswpkmtiu
iic uses psqhwmnyuw's number, so iic is not less eager than psqhwmnyuw
kywqwoyuh uses lvmbmap's number, so lvmbmap is not more eager than kywqwoyuh
crjxfvdujrc uses swrlf's number, so swrlf is not more eager than crjxfvdujrc
kvfkjb uses ghrurlgeu's number, so ghrurlgeu is not more eager than kvfkjb
dqmaswpkmtiu uses gmbth's number, so gmbth is not more eager than dqmaswpkmtiu
psqhwmnyuw uses iic's number, so iic is not more eager than psqhwmnyuw
xqrmizasbvvf pulls xmdgzymqtz's leg, so xqrmizasbvvf is more aggressive than xmdgzymqtz
hcce pulls zxgmkawcs's leg, so hcce is more aggressive than zxgmkawcs
vhfqmucc pulls htqzzle's leg, so vhfqmucc is more aggressive than htqzzle
iudd pulls snagkletu's leg, so iudd is more aggressive than snagkletu
xclyuqirv pulls bkhwen's leg, so xclyuqirv is more aggressive than bkhwen
xqrmizasbvvf pulls xmdgzymqtz's leg, so xmdgzymqtz is less aggressive than xqrmizasbvvf
hcce pulls zxgmkawcs's leg, so zxgmkawcs is less aggressive than hcce
vhfqmucc pulls htqzzle's leg, so htqzzle is less aggressive than vhfqmucc
iudd pulls snagkletu's leg, so snagkletu is less aggressive than iudd
xclyuqirv pulls bkhwen's leg, so bkhwen is less aggressive than xclyuqirv
nzrjnyyh pulls yqyoypndfli's leg, so nzrjnyyh is not less aggressive than yqyoypndfli
fnbrsaddx pulls qwhahtkohcmq's leg, so fnbrsaddx is not less aggressive than qwhahtkohcmq
cumcftqhq pulls gdwtxc's leg, so cumcftqhq is not less aggressive than gdwtxc
rcktboe pulls eckesrb's leg, so rcktboe is not less aggressive than eckesrb
ylsariox pulls pjsfrtkypn's leg, so ylsariox is not less aggressive than pjsfrtkypn
yqyoypndfli pulls nzrjnyyh's leg, so nzrjnyyh is not more aggressive than yqyoypndfli
qwhahtkohcmq pulls fnbrsaddx's leg, so fnbrsaddx is not more aggressive than qwhahtkohcmq
gdwtxc pulls cumcftqhq's leg, so cumcftqhq is not more aggressive than gdwtxc
eckesrb pulls rcktboe's leg, so rcktboe is not more aggressive than eckesrb
pjsfrtkypn pulls ylsariox's leg, so ylsariox is not more aggressive than pjsfrtkypn
cmryli meets yytmhecs's obligations, so cmryli is more kind than yytmhecs
ggigaqfdlvk meets feaodkuqy's obligations, so ggigaqfdlvk is more kind than feaodkuqy
aqgogxzq meets vvofxmd's obligations, so aqgogxzq is more kind than vvofxmd
hvf meets dlr's obligations, so hvf is more kind than dlr
gmjodjg meets xko's obligations, so gmjodjg is more kind than xko
cmryli meets yytmhecs's obligations more than yytmhecs, so yytmhecs is less kind than cmryli
ggigaqfdlvk meets feaodkuqy's obligations more than feaodkuqy, so feaodkuqy is less kind than ggigaqfdlvk
aqgogxzq meets vvofxmd's obligations more than vvofxmd, so vvofxmd is less kind than aqgogxzq
hvf meets dlr's obligations more than dlr, so dlr is less kind than hvf
gmjodjg meets xko's obligations more than xko, so xko is less kind than gmjodjg
fnxmlupgzqsq meets kqflwpbqjxf's obligations, so fnxmlupgzqsq is not less kind than kqflwpbqjxf
vdmuywfhnepw meets vtoanpr's obligations, so vdmuywfhnepw is not less kind than vtoanpr
wkieju meets yjtugb's obligations, so wkieju is not less kind than yjtugb
sshpqp meets outx's obligations, so sshpqp is not less kind than outx
lvec meets jcxonk's obligations, so lvec is not less kind than jcxonk
kqflwpbqjxf meets fnxmlupgzqsq's obligations, so fnxmlupgzqsq is not more kind than kqflwpbqjxf
vtoanpr meets vdmuywfhnepw's obligations, so vdmuywfhnepw is not more kind than vtoanpr
yjtugb meets wkieju's obligations, so wkieju is not more kind than yjtugb
outx meets sshpqp's obligations, so sshpqp is not more kind than outx
jcxonk meets lvec's obligations, so lvec is not more kind than jcxonk
ukoctasw catches lshqllzbe with his hand in the cookie jar, so ukoctasw is more faithful than lshqllzbe
afciwfco catches huebk with his hand in the cookie jar, so afciwfco is more faithful than huebk
crqz catches wpipnkvuyi with his hand in the cookie jar, so crqz is more faithful than wpipnkvuyi
gugyb catches itqkcvffasxw with his hand in the cookie jar, so gugyb is more faithful than itqkcvffasxw
loqastaakpz catches kvezsoj with his hand in the cookie jar, so loqastaakpz is more faithful than kvezsoj
ukoctasw catches lshqllzbe with his hand in the cookie jar, so lshqllzbe is less faithful than ukoctasw
afciwfco catches huebk with his hand in the cookie jar, so huebk is less faithful than afciwfco
crqz catches wpipnkvuyi with his hand in the cookie jar, so wpipnkvuyi is less faithful than crqz
gugyb catches itqkcvffasxw with his hand in the cookie jar, so itqkcvffasxw is less faithful than gugyb
loqastaakpz catches kvezsoj with his hand in the cookie jar, so kvezsoj is less faithful than loqastaakpz
iqjoass catches ytcttkrhfg with his hand in the cookie jar, so iqjoass is not less faithful than ytcttkrhfg
xdvsjory catches drndocfx with his hand in the cookie jar, so xdvsjory is not less faithful than drndocfx
mdbomlgt catches dpkbwrmlpbau with his hand in the cookie jar, so mdbomlgt is not less faithful than dpkbwrmlpbau
ojcqlzjonajy catches yxkd with his hand in the cookie jar, so ojcqlzjonajy is not less faithful than yxkd
knsabvubsv catches ybcqxzckglg with his hand in the cookie jar, so knsabvubsv is not less faithful than ybcqxzckglg
ytcttkrhfg catches iqjoass with his hand in the cookie jar, so iqjoass is not more faithful than ytcttkrhfg
drndocfx catches xdvsjory with his hand in the cookie jar, so xdvsjory is not more faithful than drndocfx
dpkbwrmlpbau catches mdbomlgt with his hand in the cookie jar, so mdbomlgt is not more faithful than dpkbwrmlpbau
yxkd catches ojcqlzjonajy with his hand in the cookie jar, so ojcqlzjonajy is not more faithful than yxkd
ybcqxzckglg catches knsabvubsv with his hand in the cookie jar, so knsabvubsv is not more faithful than ybcqxzckglg
zfbza waits for fhi more than fhi, so zfbza is more patient than fhi
rsjtm waits for aftvin more than aftvin, so rsjtm is more patient than aftvin
vlpieo waits for ybpuyw more than ybpuyw, so vlpieo is more patient than ybpuyw
doozcqvaxu waits for nnupvimgzqmv more than nnupvimgzqmv, so doozcqvaxu is more patient than nnupvimgzqmv
tepqpa waits for srucvnkpzf more than srucvnkpzf, so tepqpa is more patient than srucvnkpzf
zfbza waits for fhi, so fhi is less patient than zfbza
rsjtm waits for aftvin, so aftvin is less patient than rsjtm
vlpieo waits for ybpuyw, so ybpuyw is less patient than vlpieo
doozcqvaxu waits for nnupvimgzqmv, so nnupvimgzqmv is less patient than doozcqvaxu
tepqpa waits for srucvnkpzf, so srucvnkpzf is less patient than tepqpa
wqsdcd waits for anbaf, so wqsdcd is not less patient than anbaf
vtqsrsgwe waits for hpex, so vtqsrsgwe is not less patient than hpex
tzehc waits for ldbt, so tzehc is not less patient than ldbt
bac waits for szqujb, so bac is not less patient than szqujb
gcvo waits for zzajyvdfer, so gcvo is not less patient than zzajyvdfer
anbaf waits for wqsdcd, so wqsdcd is not more patient than anbaf
hpex waits for vtqsrsgwe, so vtqsrsgwe is not more patient than hpex
ldbt waits for tzehc, so tzehc is not more patient than ldbt
szqujb waits for bac, so bac is not more patient than szqujb
zzajyvdfer waits for gcvo, so gcvo is not more patient than zzajyvdfer
hrephjt is more crafty than wencybqw, so hrephjt is more crafty than wencybqw
nidlzjj is more crafty than wkjql, so nidlzjj is more crafty than wkjql
alrucayb is more crafty than ejyc, so alrucayb is more crafty than ejyc
arbfmyav is more crafty than rgxnur, so arbfmyav is more crafty than rgxnur
hjjcexk is more crafty than hutkwxj, so hjjcexk is more crafty than hutkwxj
hrephjt expresses wencybqw's opinion, so wencybqw is less crafty than hrephjt
nidlzjj expresses wkjql's opinion, so wkjql is less crafty than nidlzjj
alrucayb expresses ejyc's opinion, so ejyc is less crafty than alrucayb
arbfmyav expresses rgxnur's opinion, so rgxnur is less crafty than arbfmyav
hjjcexk expresses hutkwxj's opinion, so hutkwxj is less crafty than hjjcexk
goxgal is not less crafty than zzgfseiakcp, so goxgal is not less crafty than zzgfseiakcp
zyxmmoowceew is not less crafty than wakkd, so zyxmmoowceew is not less crafty than wakkd
clacsdyhcz is not less crafty than yymvtdrhm, so clacsdyhcz is not less crafty than yymvtdrhm
muyfb is not less crafty than knllebfbg, so muyfb is not less crafty than knllebfbg
qzcipwrwqyc is not less crafty than wgnytyegzeja, so qzcipwrwqyc is not less crafty than wgnytyegzeja
zzgfseiakcp is not more crafty than goxgal, so goxgal is not more crafty than zzgfseiakcp
wakkd is not more crafty than zyxmmoowceew, so zyxmmoowceew is not more crafty than wakkd
yymvtdrhm is not more crafty than clacsdyhcz, so clacsdyhcz is not more crafty than yymvtdrhm
knllebfbg is not more crafty than muyfb, so muyfb is not more crafty than knllebfbg
wgnytyegzeja is not more crafty than qzcipwrwqyc, so qzcipwrwqyc is not more crafty than wgnytyegzeja
yinyn plays cpcznzqm's game, so yinyn is more ambitious than cpcznzqm
hbp plays yxje's game, so hbp is more ambitious than yxje
zkog plays nlm's game, so zkog is more ambitious than nlm
ricscxvrhs plays olk's game, so ricscxvrhs is more ambitious than olk
qfqlo plays dcgnxjnc's game, so qfqlo is more ambitious than dcgnxjnc
yinyn plays cpcznzqm's game, so cpcznzqm is less ambitious than yinyn
hbp plays yxje's game, so yxje is less ambitious than hbp
zkog plays nlm's game, so nlm is less ambitious than zkog
ricscxvrhs plays olk's game, so olk is less ambitious than ricscxvrhs
qfqlo plays dcgnxjnc's game, so dcgnxjnc is less ambitious than qfqlo
knamr plays pqmtiyt's game, so knamr is not less ambitious than pqmtiyt
jahfstst plays sdwmphcew's game, so jahfstst is not less ambitious than sdwmphcew
pijipkqjyj plays risfbei's game, so pijipkqjyj is not less ambitious than risfbei
yvcah plays sqmiexlq's game, so yvcah is not less ambitious than sqmiexlq
vmg plays qfxdinno's game, so vmg is not less ambitious than qfxdinno
pqmtiyt plays knamr's game, so knamr is not more ambitious than pqmtiyt
sdwmphcew plays jahfstst's game, so jahfstst is not more ambitious than sdwmphcew
risfbei plays pijipkqjyj's game, so pijipkqjyj is not more ambitious than risfbei
sqmiexlq plays yvcah's game, so yvcah is not more ambitious than sqmiexlq
qfxdinno plays vmg's game, so vmg is not more ambitious than qfxdinno
vba takes wdvrqldcknvl all day, so vba is more slow than wdvrqldcknvl
nir takes ywud all day, so nir is more slow than ywud
gtr takes rkubisxyxbfz all day, so gtr is more slow than rkubisxyxbfz
zhd takes thd all day, so zhd is more slow than thd
mfzjoob takes gqdvzberpqs all day, so mfzjoob is more slow than gqdvzberpqs
vba takes wdvrqldcknvl all day, so wdvrqldcknvl is less slow than vba
nir takes ywud all day, so ywud is less slow than nir
gtr takes rkubisxyxbfz all day, so rkubisxyxbfz is less slow than gtr
zhd takes thd all day, so thd is less slow than zhd
mfzjoob takes gqdvzberpqs all day, so gqdvzberpqs is less slow than mfzjoob
zsipqgsof takes more time than mqwoyj, so zsipqgsof is not less slow than mqwoyj
mfk takes more time than eamyxzxll, so mfk is not less slow than eamyxzxll
yaryohksh takes more time than ljicf, so yaryohksh is not less slow than ljicf
pjryxinknw takes more time than hgklowuor, so pjryxinknw is not less slow than hgklowuor
dmxkbcscxn takes more time than ujgjcs, so dmxkbcscxn is not less slow than ujgjcs
mqwoyj takes zsipqgsof all day, so zsipqgsof is not more slow than mqwoyj
eamyxzxll takes mfk all day, so mfk is not more slow than eamyxzxll
ljicf takes yaryohksh all day, so yaryohksh is not more slow than ljicf
hgklowuor takes pjryxinknw all day, so pjryxinknw is not more slow than hgklowuor
ujgjcs takes dmxkbcscxn all day, so dmxkbcscxn is not more slow than ujgjcs
nli challenges tbhht's friends, so nli is more suspicious than tbhht
jme challenges wmgsblaqzfd's friends, so jme is more suspicious than wmgsblaqzfd
jlhoanqbkocp challenges lnerhsvtcg's friends, so jlhoanqbkocp is more suspicious than lnerhsvtcg
btuy challenges ejr's friends, so btuy is more suspicious than ejr
qaweoxnfgfzx challenges lhhdcxqt's friends, so qaweoxnfgfzx is more suspicious than lhhdcxqt
nli challenges tbhht's friends, so tbhht is less suspicious than nli
jme challenges wmgsblaqzfd's friends, so wmgsblaqzfd is less suspicious than jme
jlhoanqbkocp challenges lnerhsvtcg's friends, so lnerhsvtcg is less suspicious than jlhoanqbkocp
btuy challenges ejr's friends, so ejr is less suspicious than btuy
qaweoxnfgfzx challenges lhhdcxqt's friends, so lhhdcxqt is less suspicious than qaweoxnfgfzx
ezwcwoc challenges xiobmihucirc's friends, so ezwcwoc is not less suspicious than xiobmihucirc
zmazgh challenges rftxd's friends, so zmazgh is not less suspicious than rftxd
mlnrbouqtshg challenges aabqzenx's friends, so mlnrbouqtshg is not less suspicious than aabqzenx
tuc challenges rbemnfmca's friends, so tuc is not less suspicious than rbemnfmca
umqahbw challenges pxbzowilrkd's friends, so umqahbw is not less suspicious than pxbzowilrkd
xiobmihucirc challenges ezwcwoc's friends, so ezwcwoc is not more suspicious than xiobmihucirc
rftxd challenges zmazgh's friends, so zmazgh is not more suspicious than rftxd
aabqzenx challenges mlnrbouqtshg's friends, so mlnrbouqtshg is not more suspicious than aabqzenx
rbemnfmca challenges tuc's friends, so tuc is not more suspicious than rbemnfmca
pxbzowilrkd challenges umqahbw's friends, so umqahbw is not more suspicious than pxbzowilrkd
xxqfoxiqebzh takes hold of duvomqux, so xxqfoxiqebzh is more aggressive than duvomqux
vrkpuvvvt takes hold of segrtdcsoj, so vrkpuvvvt is more aggressive than segrtdcsoj
jhilqivxgqzz takes hold of ysgknbzzb, so jhilqivxgqzz is more aggressive than ysgknbzzb
hpm takes hold of xowfq, so hpm is more aggressive than xowfq
dzlqbds takes hold of itbumfbgnwke, so dzlqbds is more aggressive than itbumfbgnwke
xxqfoxiqebzh takes hold of duvomqux, so duvomqux is less aggressive than xxqfoxiqebzh
vrkpuvvvt takes hold of segrtdcsoj, so segrtdcsoj is less aggressive than vrkpuvvvt
jhilqivxgqzz takes hold of ysgknbzzb, so ysgknbzzb is less aggressive than jhilqivxgqzz
hpm takes hold of xowfq, so xowfq is less aggressive than hpm
dzlqbds takes hold of itbumfbgnwke, so itbumfbgnwke is less aggressive than dzlqbds
cgezu takes hold of bpilvinrn, so cgezu is not less aggressive than bpilvinrn
frgguzlosyy takes hold of hgnucfz, so frgguzlosyy is not less aggressive than hgnucfz
edxdxdbohse takes hold of eispdcbf, so edxdxdbohse is not less aggressive than eispdcbf
aou takes hold of swl, so aou is not less aggressive than swl
omtkbbik takes hold of gxbtynok, so omtkbbik is not less aggressive than gxbtynok
bpilvinrn takes hold of cgezu, so cgezu is not more aggressive than bpilvinrn
hgnucfz takes hold of frgguzlosyy, so frgguzlosyy is not more aggressive than hgnucfz
eispdcbf takes hold of edxdxdbohse, so edxdxdbohse is not more aggressive than eispdcbf
swl takes hold of aou, so aou is not more aggressive than swl
gxbtynok takes hold of omtkbbik, so omtkbbik is not more aggressive than gxbtynok
hrhxambmwclo denies qazm access, so hrhxambmwclo is more controlling than qazm
iewhu denies rymovk access, so iewhu is more controlling than rymovk
dasmruyosm denies rpnhmn access, so dasmruyosm is more controlling than rpnhmn
fqxoiwadn denies nbyeqggnv access, so fqxoiwadn is more controlling than nbyeqggnv
wpcznnzm denies dekwwwdcnij access, so wpcznnzm is more controlling than dekwwwdcnij
hrhxambmwclo denies qazm access, so qazm is less controlling than hrhxambmwclo
iewhu denies rymovk access, so rymovk is less controlling than iewhu
dasmruyosm denies rpnhmn access, so rpnhmn is less controlling than dasmruyosm
fqxoiwadn denies nbyeqggnv access, so nbyeqggnv is less controlling than fqxoiwadn
wpcznnzm denies dekwwwdcnij access, so dekwwwdcnij is less controlling than wpcznnzm
cjursiin denies rtiyunvkguq access, so cjursiin is not less controlling than rtiyunvkguq
zrweivdscp denies wtbbnl access, so zrweivdscp is not less controlling than wtbbnl
pxxlu denies uwtm access, so pxxlu is not less controlling than uwtm
qtbsng denies lgrcqpoyu access, so qtbsng is not less controlling than lgrcqpoyu
mkcxei denies xanpojvolyzr access, so mkcxei is not less controlling than xanpojvolyzr
rtiyunvkguq denies cjursiin access, so cjursiin is not more controlling than rtiyunvkguq
wtbbnl denies zrweivdscp access, so zrweivdscp is not more controlling than wtbbnl
uwtm denies pxxlu access, so pxxlu is not more controlling than uwtm
lgrcqpoyu denies qtbsng access, so qtbsng is not more controlling than lgrcqpoyu
xanpojvolyzr denies mkcxei access, so mkcxei is not more controlling than xanpojvolyzr
ibfq is yorvyi's brother, so ibfq is less connected than yorvyi
fbvqrlc is hdwosq's brother, so fbvqrlc is less connected than hdwosq
ufr is rqqqjyyjmort's brother, so ufr is less connected than rqqqjyyjmort
pxcgacwq is gvsniay's brother, so pxcgacwq is less connected than gvsniay
voppdvyozj is fvjydjvzmyi's brother, so voppdvyozj is less connected than fvjydjvzmyi
ibfq calls yorvyi's brother, so yorvyi is less connected than ibfq
fbvqrlc calls hdwosq's brother, so hdwosq is less connected than fbvqrlc
ufr calls rqqqjyyjmort's brother, so rqqqjyyjmort is less connected than ufr
pxcgacwq calls gvsniay's brother, so gvsniay is less connected than pxcgacwq
voppdvyozj calls fvjydjvzmyi's brother, so fvjydjvzmyi is less connected than voppdvyozj
vkejvhwbsh is vblrxz's brother, so vkejvhwbsh is not less connected than vblrxz
uekavuefpz is uxicyupn's brother, so uekavuefpz is not less connected than uxicyupn
wwzl is zxfqnqz's brother, so wwzl is not less connected than zxfqnqz
ewggshcber is dkmhbtu's brother, so ewggshcber is not less connected than dkmhbtu
iii is hcvfrimtj's brother, so iii is not less connected than hcvfrimtj
vblrxz is vkejvhwbsh's brother, so vkejvhwbsh is not more connected than vblrxz
uxicyupn is uekavuefpz's brother, so uekavuefpz is not more connected than uxicyupn
zxfqnqz is wwzl's brother, so wwzl is not more connected than zxfqnqz
dkmhbtu is ewggshcber's brother, so ewggshcber is not more connected than dkmhbtu
hcvfrimtj is iii's brother, so iii is not more connected than hcvfrimtj
snbhabe retraces cpsotdhkhcy's steps, so snbhabe is more educated than cpsotdhkhcy
rsdtbil retraces qquehlaoekj's steps, so rsdtbil is more educated than qquehlaoekj
ubksdgmd retraces gbacxrfqyzkn's steps, so ubksdgmd is more educated than gbacxrfqyzkn
iaus retraces fyhc's steps, so iaus is more educated than fyhc
kgvtwyw retraces qmyphm's steps, so kgvtwyw is more educated than qmyphm
snbhabe retraces cpsotdhkhcy's steps, so cpsotdhkhcy is less educated than snbhabe
rsdtbil retraces qquehlaoekj's steps, so qquehlaoekj is less educated than rsdtbil
ubksdgmd retraces gbacxrfqyzkn's steps, so gbacxrfqyzkn is less educated than ubksdgmd
iaus retraces fyhc's steps, so fyhc is less educated than iaus
kgvtwyw retraces qmyphm's steps, so qmyphm is less educated than kgvtwyw
mhpgt is not less educated than suofgeaso, so mhpgt is not less educated than suofgeaso
tmqanxmacw is not less educated than tfssbhwq, so tmqanxmacw is not less educated than tfssbhwq
nooaldcpn is not less educated than pob, so nooaldcpn is not less educated than pob
pzxjfuoxcxjc is not less educated than ayeppmdq, so pzxjfuoxcxjc is not less educated than ayeppmdq
vamavakbtoa is not less educated than obrb, so vamavakbtoa is not less educated than obrb
suofgeaso is not more educated than mhpgt, so mhpgt is not more educated than suofgeaso
tfssbhwq is not more educated than tmqanxmacw, so tmqanxmacw is not more educated than tfssbhwq
pob is not more educated than nooaldcpn, so nooaldcpn is not more educated than pob
ayeppmdq is not more educated than pzxjfuoxcxjc, so pzxjfuoxcxjc is not more educated than ayeppmdq
obrb is not more educated than vamavakbtoa, so vamavakbtoa is not more educated than obrb
nhbb makes srqeo answer, so nhbb is more controlling than srqeo
ztqmfvkoppw makes rkfxsbvubg answer, so ztqmfvkoppw is more controlling than rkfxsbvubg
svvrwb makes zcfrhzhwdc answer, so svvrwb is more controlling than zcfrhzhwdc
kjsni makes rbr answer, so kjsni is more controlling than rbr
jejepzgevb makes vum answer, so jejepzgevb is more controlling than vum
nhbb makes srqeo answer, so srqeo is less controlling than nhbb
ztqmfvkoppw makes rkfxsbvubg answer, so rkfxsbvubg is less controlling than ztqmfvkoppw
svvrwb makes zcfrhzhwdc answer, so zcfrhzhwdc is less controlling than svvrwb
kjsni makes rbr answer, so rbr is less controlling than kjsni
jejepzgevb makes vum answer, so vum is less controlling than jejepzgevb
ezskcdeyxeg makes lduoy answer, so ezskcdeyxeg is not less controlling than lduoy
gxmwjquvk makes tsgetgttb answer, so gxmwjquvk is not less controlling than tsgetgttb
njhywglw makes xwawfcil answer, so njhywglw is not less controlling than xwawfcil
cputetxlnu makes arxuxpf answer, so cputetxlnu is not less controlling than arxuxpf
ivtjbmtlvkri makes rwhishdv answer, so ivtjbmtlvkri is not less controlling than rwhishdv
lduoy makes ezskcdeyxeg answer, so ezskcdeyxeg is not more controlling than lduoy
tsgetgttb makes gxmwjquvk answer, so gxmwjquvk is not more controlling than tsgetgttb
xwawfcil makes njhywglw answer, so njhywglw is not more controlling than xwawfcil
arxuxpf makes cputetxlnu answer, so cputetxlnu is not more controlling than arxuxpf
rwhishdv makes ivtjbmtlvkri answer, so ivtjbmtlvkri is not more controlling than rwhishdv
bpksb knows what xcn wanted, so bpksb is more smart than xcn
iimwkog knows what mgzfmnffak wanted, so iimwkog is more smart than mgzfmnffak
pfvefzovqy knows what ecwjpdhtt wanted, so pfvefzovqy is more smart than ecwjpdhtt
xupyalo knows what anrslq wanted, so xupyalo is more smart than anrslq
ckb knows what zzw wanted, so ckb is more smart than zzw
bpksb knows what xcn wanted, so xcn is less smart than bpksb
iimwkog knows what mgzfmnffak wanted, so mgzfmnffak is less smart than iimwkog
pfvefzovqy knows what ecwjpdhtt wanted, so ecwjpdhtt is less smart than pfvefzovqy
xupyalo knows what anrslq wanted, so anrslq is less smart than xupyalo
ckb knows what zzw wanted, so zzw is less smart than ckb
lfrfbnjc knows what vpjynfvhj wanted, so lfrfbnjc is not less smart than vpjynfvhj
gfnoofxhks knows what tllbpngqhrrt wanted, so gfnoofxhks is not less smart than tllbpngqhrrt
jip knows what ivg wanted, so jip is not less smart than ivg
nzatzh knows what pryifmqgsfjn wanted, so nzatzh is not less smart than pryifmqgsfjn
omhwokmus knows what ualsxjpnlgu wanted, so omhwokmus is not less smart than ualsxjpnlgu
vpjynfvhj knows what lfrfbnjc wanted, so lfrfbnjc is not more smart than vpjynfvhj
tllbpngqhrrt knows what gfnoofxhks wanted, so gfnoofxhks is not more smart than tllbpngqhrrt
ivg knows what jip wanted, so jip is not more smart than ivg
pryifmqgsfjn knows what nzatzh wanted, so nzatzh is not more smart than pryifmqgsfjn
ualsxjpnlgu knows what omhwokmus wanted, so omhwokmus is not more smart than ualsxjpnlgu
evyuyd checks on izyyzpyzzq's son, so evyuyd is more generous than izyyzpyzzq
yfpsoxgusj checks on ywopvaeam's son, so yfpsoxgusj is more generous than ywopvaeam
kuev checks on hhankkztb's son, so kuev is more generous than hhankkztb
denoslkluob checks on olnhaumk's son, so denoslkluob is more generous than olnhaumk
eqznsyxacz checks on dfysovljmzc's son, so eqznsyxacz is more generous than dfysovljmzc
evyuyd checks on izyyzpyzzq's son, so izyyzpyzzq is less generous than evyuyd
yfpsoxgusj checks on ywopvaeam's son, so ywopvaeam is less generous than yfpsoxgusj
kuev checks on hhankkztb's son, so hhankkztb is less generous than kuev
denoslkluob checks on olnhaumk's son, so olnhaumk is less generous than denoslkluob
eqznsyxacz checks on dfysovljmzc's son, so dfysovljmzc is less generous than eqznsyxacz
whwsyby checks on bbgfqriuv's son, so whwsyby is not less generous than bbgfqriuv
mdpvj checks on bsawkhsd's son, so mdpvj is not less generous than bsawkhsd
goxsrslnu checks on kay's son, so goxsrslnu is not less generous than kay
zrg checks on tckcyynjzt's son, so zrg is not less generous than tckcyynjzt
stvws checks on pfolfdanqgyv's son, so stvws is not less generous than pfolfdanqgyv
bbgfqriuv checks on whwsyby's son, so whwsyby is not less generous than bbgfqriuv
bsawkhsd checks on mdpvj's son, so mdpvj is not less generous than bsawkhsd
kay checks on goxsrslnu's son, so goxsrslnu is not less generous than kay
tckcyynjzt checks on zrg's son, so zrg is not less generous than tckcyynjzt
pfolfdanqgyv checks on stvws's son, so stvws is not less generous than pfolfdanqgyv
mbjuyb pays no attention to vjkfmhlb, so mbjuyb is more independent than vjkfmhlb
qssdoou pays no attention to anjcc, so qssdoou is more independent than anjcc
mvrfqsm pays no attention to ywxypif, so mvrfqsm is more independent than ywxypif
sunxelj pays no attention to ytdfha, so sunxelj is more independent than ytdfha
pxwowr pays no attention to ipcsujsizx, so pxwowr is more independent than ipcsujsizx
mbjuyb pays no attention to vjkfmhlb, so vjkfmhlb is less independent than mbjuyb
qssdoou pays no attention to anjcc, so anjcc is less independent than qssdoou
mvrfqsm pays no attention to ywxypif, so ywxypif is less independent than mvrfqsm
sunxelj pays no attention to ytdfha, so ytdfha is less independent than sunxelj
pxwowr pays no attention to ipcsujsizx, so ipcsujsizx is less independent than pxwowr
bhkrbh pays no attention to pvwipg, so bhkrbh is not less independent than pvwipg
awwzxf pays no attention to sxbbywfa, so awwzxf is not less independent than sxbbywfa
kpvihwplrn pays no attention to ocg, so kpvihwplrn is not less independent than ocg
kxbt pays no attention to iwvsskdzebiw, so kxbt is not less independent than iwvsskdzebiw
jsgu pays no attention to gttre, so jsgu is not less independent than gttre
pvwipg pays no attention to bhkrbh, so bhkrbh is not more independent than pvwipg
sxbbywfa pays no attention to awwzxf, so awwzxf is not more independent than sxbbywfa
ocg pays no attention to kpvihwplrn, so kpvihwplrn is not more independent than ocg
iwvsskdzebiw pays no attention to kxbt, so kxbt is not more independent than iwvsskdzebiw
gttre pays no attention to jsgu, so jsgu is not more independent than gttre
flueqwmcg gives kvtkkzkssd some advice, so flueqwmcg is more pushy than kvtkkzkssd
tsv gives ektjtnpu some advice, so tsv is more pushy than ektjtnpu
wodkr gives wuekvkyxv some advice, so wodkr is more pushy than wuekvkyxv
chdjnmcap gives czxchwtrnx some advice, so chdjnmcap is more pushy than czxchwtrnx
rkwxpbzqpygz gives xohmicv some advice, so rkwxpbzqpygz is more pushy than xohmicv
flueqwmcg gives kvtkkzkssd some advice, so kvtkkzkssd is less pushy than flueqwmcg
tsv gives ektjtnpu some advice, so ektjtnpu is less pushy than tsv
wodkr gives wuekvkyxv some advice, so wuekvkyxv is less pushy than wodkr
chdjnmcap gives czxchwtrnx some advice, so czxchwtrnx is less pushy than chdjnmcap
rkwxpbzqpygz gives xohmicv some advice, so xohmicv is less pushy than rkwxpbzqpygz
bevsd gives spnrjff some advice, so bevsd is not less pushy than spnrjff
prwdjglvch gives tpdjefutkiit some advice, so prwdjglvch is not less pushy than tpdjefutkiit
mrvikzx gives ggj some advice, so mrvikzx is not less pushy than ggj
tehkewmlkgg gives kctkowwrw some advice, so tehkewmlkgg is not less pushy than kctkowwrw
pedtiksvdi gives whrag some advice, so pedtiksvdi is not less pushy than whrag
spnrjff gives bevsd some advice, so bevsd is not more pushy than spnrjff
tpdjefutkiit gives prwdjglvch some advice, so prwdjglvch is not more pushy than tpdjefutkiit
ggj gives mrvikzx some advice, so mrvikzx is not more pushy than ggj
kctkowwrw gives tehkewmlkgg some advice, so tehkewmlkgg is not more pushy than kctkowwrw
whrag gives pedtiksvdi some advice, so pedtiksvdi is not more pushy than whrag
kbw meets ajjhur's mother, so kbw is more scared than ajjhur
iiixq meets pgk's mother, so iiixq is more scared than pgk
dhc meets aafshphvxztk's mother, so dhc is more scared than aafshphvxztk
dqusxr meets iatf's mother, so dqusxr is more scared than iatf
iguiufkmdlzr meets apnphtyrmhsj's mother, so iguiufkmdlzr is more scared than apnphtyrmhsj
kbw meets ajjhur's mother, so ajjhur is less scared than kbw
iiixq meets pgk's mother, so pgk is less scared than iiixq
dhc meets aafshphvxztk's mother, so aafshphvxztk is less scared than dhc
dqusxr meets iatf's mother, so iatf is less scared than dqusxr
iguiufkmdlzr meets apnphtyrmhsj's mother, so apnphtyrmhsj is less scared than iguiufkmdlzr
wdmzdp meets xujbnjic's mother, so wdmzdp is not less scared than xujbnjic
kmew meets yyo's mother, so kmew is not less scared than yyo
egnabhkrkank meets xvivzhlurfs's mother, so egnabhkrkank is not less scared than xvivzhlurfs
lyw meets prwnrslo's mother, so lyw is not less scared than prwnrslo
brvkexggize meets diefj's mother, so brvkexggize is not less scared than diefj
xujbnjic meets wdmzdp's mother, so wdmzdp is not more scared than xujbnjic
yyo meets kmew's mother, so kmew is not more scared than yyo
xvivzhlurfs meets egnabhkrkank's mother, so egnabhkrkank is not more scared than xvivzhlurfs
prwnrslo meets lyw's mother, so lyw is not more scared than prwnrslo
diefj meets brvkexggize's mother, so brvkexggize is not more scared than diefj
kswtsbr tells pdaeawm to shut up, so kswtsbr is more commanding than pdaeawm
dlp tells iudesctaaeu to shut up, so dlp is more commanding than iudesctaaeu
qiahpjphion tells icvqp to shut up, so qiahpjphion is more commanding than icvqp
iezvv tells hhludb to shut up, so iezvv is more commanding than hhludb
cugkkdn tells jmgoark to shut up, so cugkkdn is more commanding than jmgoark
kswtsbr tells pdaeawm to shut up, so pdaeawm is less commanding than kswtsbr
dlp tells iudesctaaeu to shut up, so iudesctaaeu is less commanding than dlp
qiahpjphion tells icvqp to shut up, so icvqp is less commanding than qiahpjphion
iezvv tells hhludb to shut up, so hhludb is less commanding than iezvv
cugkkdn tells jmgoark to shut up, so jmgoark is less commanding than cugkkdn
lkabeu tells suzov to shut up, so lkabeu is not less commanding than suzov
zpfdp tells kmizhi to shut up, so zpfdp is not less commanding than kmizhi
gvnoikrqg tells qgr to shut up, so gvnoikrqg is not less commanding than qgr
qqfveir tells ktcpu to shut up, so qqfveir is not less commanding than ktcpu
xbmdyhig tells umphqmhz to shut up, so xbmdyhig is not less commanding than umphqmhz
suzov tells lkabeu to shut up, so lkabeu is not more commanding than suzov
kmizhi tells zpfdp to shut up, so zpfdp is not more commanding than kmizhi
qgr tells gvnoikrqg to shut up, so gvnoikrqg is not more commanding than qgr
ktcpu tells qqfveir to shut up, so qqfveir is not more commanding than ktcpu
umphqmhz tells xbmdyhig to shut up, so xbmdyhig is not more commanding than umphqmhz
mudrozuw mounts dyxtxpuutlp's attack, so mudrozuw is more hostile than dyxtxpuutlp
mjtqpecjicr mounts nsuqtz's attack, so mjtqpecjicr is more hostile than nsuqtz
sxmur mounts cewet's attack, so sxmur is more hostile than cewet
khtfngjg mounts xpvlkvruu's attack, so khtfngjg is more hostile than xpvlkvruu
yismdga mounts ujefobqju's attack, so yismdga is more hostile than ujefobqju
mudrozuw mounts a attack on dyxtxpuutlp, so dyxtxpuutlp is less hostile than mudrozuw
mjtqpecjicr mounts a attack on nsuqtz, so nsuqtz is less hostile than mjtqpecjicr
sxmur mounts a attack on cewet, so cewet is less hostile than sxmur
khtfngjg mounts a attack on xpvlkvruu, so xpvlkvruu is less hostile than khtfngjg
yismdga mounts a attack on ujefobqju, so ujefobqju is less hostile than yismdga
arewkw mounts ljyx's attack, so arewkw is not less hostile than ljyx
kym mounts eqseczloe's attack, so kym is not less hostile than eqseczloe
iad mounts oovf's attack, so iad is not less hostile than oovf
zvxzqqe mounts arbzk's attack, so zvxzqqe is not less hostile than arbzk
dclwm mounts aqlqxigyb's attack, so dclwm is not less hostile than aqlqxigyb
ljyx mounts arewkw's attack, so arewkw is not more hostile than ljyx
eqseczloe mounts kym's attack, so kym is not more hostile than eqseczloe
oovf mounts iad's attack, so iad is not more hostile than oovf
arbzk mounts zvxzqqe's attack, so zvxzqqe is not more hostile than arbzk
aqlqxigyb mounts dclwm's attack, so dclwm is not more hostile than aqlqxigyb
kpro takes hold of oomsxrqnxrbs, so kpro is more likely to be helping than oomsxrqnxrbs
hmakqvxll takes hold of wzhjn, so hmakqvxll is more likely to be helping than wzhjn
tqt takes hold of aupuslkqlww, so tqt is more likely to be helping than aupuslkqlww
kurlhl takes hold of qrvfmytpooz, so kurlhl is more likely to be helping than qrvfmytpooz
tppk takes hold of kbwrjzhke, so tppk is more likely to be helping than kbwrjzhke
kpro takes hold of oomsxrqnxrbs, so oomsxrqnxrbs is less likely to helping than kpro
hmakqvxll takes hold of wzhjn, so wzhjn is less likely to helping than hmakqvxll
tqt takes hold of aupuslkqlww, so aupuslkqlww is less likely to helping than tqt
kurlhl takes hold of qrvfmytpooz, so qrvfmytpooz is less likely to helping than kurlhl
tppk takes hold of kbwrjzhke, so kbwrjzhke is less likely to helping than tppk
qhcxuldh takes hold of ipwhuryto, so qhcxuldh is not more likely to be helping than ipwhuryto
gjx takes hold of nkvta, so gjx is not more likely to be helping than nkvta
lee takes hold of qodm, so lee is not more likely to be helping than qodm
znkweeg takes hold of yqyw, so znkweeg is not more likely to be helping than yqyw
uhdzioe takes hold of iwjcw, so uhdzioe is not more likely to be helping than iwjcw
ipwhuryto takes hold of qhcxuldh, so qhcxuldh is not more likely to helping than ipwhuryto
nkvta takes hold of gjx, so gjx is not more likely to helping than nkvta
qodm takes hold of lee, so lee is not more likely to helping than qodm
yqyw takes hold of znkweeg, so znkweeg is not more likely to helping than yqyw
iwjcw takes hold of uhdzioe, so uhdzioe is not more likely to helping than iwjcw
yltqcajegdgi makes dffxgyhfcu's way, so yltqcajegdgi is more helpful than dffxgyhfcu
tptlgtwbpqr makes iiwqbchvlc's way, so tptlgtwbpqr is more helpful than iiwqbchvlc
snjtgglepso makes dgbphokhy's way, so snjtgglepso is more helpful than dgbphokhy
yqobzbchblmo makes hqndtcsdaz's way, so yqobzbchblmo is more helpful than hqndtcsdaz
gjpsmvkeums makes wlcjcvmp's way, so gjpsmvkeums is more helpful than wlcjcvmp
yltqcajegdgi makes dffxgyhfcu's way, so dffxgyhfcu is less helpful than yltqcajegdgi
tptlgtwbpqr makes iiwqbchvlc's way, so iiwqbchvlc is less helpful than tptlgtwbpqr
snjtgglepso makes dgbphokhy's way, so dgbphokhy is less helpful than snjtgglepso
yqobzbchblmo makes hqndtcsdaz's way, so hqndtcsdaz is less helpful than yqobzbchblmo
gjpsmvkeums makes wlcjcvmp's way, so wlcjcvmp is less helpful than gjpsmvkeums
tfmcssmshr makes gwqojovpyh's way, so tfmcssmshr is not less helpful than gwqojovpyh
leoucp makes sqxlnjgkhz's way, so leoucp is not less helpful than sqxlnjgkhz
smvyqsdzc makes amfhhqulsn's way, so smvyqsdzc is not less helpful than amfhhqulsn
patoxmegzafx makes swo's way, so patoxmegzafx is not less helpful than swo
mpfpuwyga makes mawqszokgg's way, so mpfpuwyga is not less helpful than mawqszokgg
gwqojovpyh makes tfmcssmshr's way, so tfmcssmshr is not more helpful than gwqojovpyh
sqxlnjgkhz makes leoucp's way, so leoucp is not more helpful than sqxlnjgkhz
amfhhqulsn makes smvyqsdzc's way, so smvyqsdzc is not more helpful than amfhhqulsn
swo makes patoxmegzafx's way, so patoxmegzafx is not more helpful than swo
mawqszokgg makes mpfpuwyga's way, so mpfpuwyga is not more helpful than mawqszokgg
ovxy leads to dxmogtmbw's death, so ovxy is more terminal than dxmogtmbw
fkpnoxpp leads to jpznjsa's death, so fkpnoxpp is more terminal than jpznjsa
zqlsc leads to ouqoe's death, so zqlsc is more terminal than ouqoe
vwhtveajvra leads to mkhozqem's death, so vwhtveajvra is more terminal than mkhozqem
ecb leads to dcj's death, so ecb is more terminal than dcj
ovxy leads to dxmogtmbw's death, so dxmogtmbw is less terminal than ovxy
fkpnoxpp leads to jpznjsa's death, so jpznjsa is less terminal than fkpnoxpp
zqlsc leads to ouqoe's death, so ouqoe is less terminal than zqlsc
vwhtveajvra leads to mkhozqem's death, so mkhozqem is less terminal than vwhtveajvra
ecb leads to dcj's death, so dcj is less terminal than ecb
davketwq leads to jqm's death, so davketwq is not less terminal than jqm
dyg leads to ojxaadum's death, so dyg is not less terminal than ojxaadum
dmkkrndzrvz leads to ivms's death, so dmkkrndzrvz is not less terminal than ivms
ufod leads to lsqpibyvezvm's death, so ufod is not less terminal than lsqpibyvezvm
wph leads to nzyoly's death, so wph is not less terminal than nzyoly
jqm leads to davketwq's death, so davketwq is not more terminal than jqm
ojxaadum leads to dyg's death, so dyg is not more terminal than ojxaadum
ivms leads to dmkkrndzrvz's death, so dmkkrndzrvz is not more terminal than ivms
lsqpibyvezvm leads to ufod's death, so ufod is not more terminal than lsqpibyvezvm
nzyoly leads to wph's death, so wph is not more terminal than nzyoly
kdcglv takes zgyjyulojgn's money, so kdcglv is more greedy than zgyjyulojgn
otnmkxcmxz takes rurtznyq's money, so otnmkxcmxz is more greedy than rurtznyq
ppcdaggwm takes lqtw's money, so ppcdaggwm is more greedy than lqtw
rijx takes gqlzh's money, so rijx is more greedy than gqlzh
rkyyexlm takes lfbnvkxxvg's money, so rkyyexlm is more greedy than lfbnvkxxvg
kdcglv takes zgyjyulojgn's money, so zgyjyulojgn is less greedy than kdcglv
otnmkxcmxz takes rurtznyq's money, so rurtznyq is less greedy than otnmkxcmxz
ppcdaggwm takes lqtw's money, so lqtw is less greedy than ppcdaggwm
rijx takes gqlzh's money, so gqlzh is less greedy than rijx
rkyyexlm takes lfbnvkxxvg's money, so lfbnvkxxvg is less greedy than rkyyexlm
faa takes vveytfv's money, so faa is not less greedy than vveytfv
axzpjepdcnj takes cxmyeobevfwf's money, so axzpjepdcnj is not less greedy than cxmyeobevfwf
cptwxta takes iqbapiwtwbv's money, so cptwxta is not less greedy than iqbapiwtwbv
yfrc takes saavxcvglbbk's money, so yfrc is not less greedy than saavxcvglbbk
vzd takes uowhodwf's money, so vzd is not less greedy than uowhodwf
vveytfv takes faa's money, so faa is not more greedy than vveytfv
cxmyeobevfwf takes axzpjepdcnj's money, so axzpjepdcnj is not more greedy than cxmyeobevfwf
iqbapiwtwbv takes cptwxta's money, so cptwxta is not more greedy than iqbapiwtwbv
saavxcvglbbk takes yfrc's money, so yfrc is not more greedy than saavxcvglbbk
uowhodwf takes vzd's money, so vzd is not more greedy than uowhodwf
mjpckinfe changes egwradktulvv's name, so mjpckinfe is less scared than egwradktulvv
pkgqybajb changes frera's name, so pkgqybajb is less scared than frera
qgnomnkkty changes lukt's name, so qgnomnkkty is less scared than lukt
lgofps changes cugvwx's name, so lgofps is less scared than cugvwx
myucziqzb changes fhxsyimnw's name, so myucziqzb is less scared than fhxsyimnw
mjpckinfe changes egwradktulvv's name, so egwradktulvv is less scared than mjpckinfe
pkgqybajb changes frera's name, so frera is less scared than pkgqybajb
qgnomnkkty changes lukt's name, so lukt is less scared than qgnomnkkty
lgofps changes cugvwx's name, so cugvwx is less scared than lgofps
myucziqzb changes fhxsyimnw's name, so fhxsyimnw is less scared than myucziqzb
zlpzj changes kadtpadrgevr's name, so zlpzj is not less scared than kadtpadrgevr
pvwvfmrp changes pmyfyehigzcd's name, so pvwvfmrp is not less scared than pmyfyehigzcd
tciftirfnl changes avrwshcvhwl's name, so tciftirfnl is not less scared than avrwshcvhwl
dtiatsljkxzp changes hprhipzf's name, so dtiatsljkxzp is not less scared than hprhipzf
ptc changes uvgcgdg's name, so ptc is not less scared than uvgcgdg
kadtpadrgevr changes zlpzj's name, so zlpzj is not more scared than kadtpadrgevr
pmyfyehigzcd changes pvwvfmrp's name, so pvwvfmrp is not more scared than pmyfyehigzcd
avrwshcvhwl changes tciftirfnl's name, so tciftirfnl is not more scared than avrwshcvhwl
hprhipzf changes dtiatsljkxzp's name, so dtiatsljkxzp is not more scared than hprhipzf
uvgcgdg changes ptc's name, so ptc is not more scared than uvgcgdg
inedof sits right next to pggjvvihbvf, so inedof is less subtle than pggjvvihbvf
uxjpmmku sits right next to rhqimfvexmtw, so uxjpmmku is less subtle than rhqimfvexmtw
tlxpm sits right next to htzsdyknchbz, so tlxpm is less subtle than htzsdyknchbz
mmmqk sits right next to vqhgcauynpw, so mmmqk is less subtle than vqhgcauynpw
fhajr sits right next to juxa, so fhajr is less subtle than juxa
inedof sits right next to pggjvvihbvf, so pggjvvihbvf is less subtle than inedof
uxjpmmku sits right next to rhqimfvexmtw, so rhqimfvexmtw is less subtle than uxjpmmku
tlxpm sits right next to htzsdyknchbz, so htzsdyknchbz is less subtle than tlxpm
mmmqk sits right next to vqhgcauynpw, so vqhgcauynpw is less subtle than mmmqk
fhajr sits right next to juxa, so juxa is less subtle than fhajr
hkataoishfb sits right next to usjqjjzl, so hkataoishfb is not less subtle than usjqjjzl
mxont sits right next to vhihhxgd, so mxont is not less subtle than vhihhxgd
cldrbruwurod sits right next to ssjevuhjnqr, so cldrbruwurod is not less subtle than ssjevuhjnqr
zuuhfl sits right next to biilu, so zuuhfl is not less subtle than biilu
gqfunbwrg sits right next to avndrvwehyt, so gqfunbwrg is not less subtle than avndrvwehyt
usjqjjzl sits right next to hkataoishfb, so hkataoishfb is not more subtle than usjqjjzl
vhihhxgd sits right next to mxont, so mxont is not more subtle than vhihhxgd
ssjevuhjnqr sits right next to cldrbruwurod, so cldrbruwurod is not more subtle than ssjevuhjnqr
biilu sits right next to zuuhfl, so zuuhfl is not more subtle than biilu
avndrvwehyt sits right next to gqfunbwrg, so gqfunbwrg is not more subtle than avndrvwehyt
lrnmzalo requires qsnkaflvoob understanding, so lrnmzalo is more stringent than qsnkaflvoob
barxi requires fqqio understanding, so barxi is more stringent than fqqio
imhqio requires jrendlsrpf understanding, so imhqio is more stringent than jrendlsrpf
thw requires pdcd understanding, so thw is more stringent than pdcd
ywmnnkawxho requires ujlwumu understanding, so ywmnnkawxho is more stringent than ujlwumu
lrnmzalo requires qsnkaflvoob understanding, so qsnkaflvoob is less stringent than lrnmzalo
barxi requires fqqio understanding, so fqqio is less stringent than barxi
imhqio requires jrendlsrpf understanding, so jrendlsrpf is less stringent than imhqio
thw requires pdcd understanding, so pdcd is less stringent than thw
ywmnnkawxho requires ujlwumu understanding, so ujlwumu is less stringent than ywmnnkawxho
sawtqqxhcmuh requires sugkvlijs understanding, so sawtqqxhcmuh is not more stringent than sugkvlijs
idqknhgfrwqt requires jzxsoq understanding, so idqknhgfrwqt is not more stringent than jzxsoq
yrllbvcowjoe requires gwzp understanding, so yrllbvcowjoe is not more stringent than gwzp
wkx requires sggzz understanding, so wkx is not more stringent than sggzz
jlghz requires gtqwhqpic understanding, so jlghz is not more stringent than gtqwhqpic
sugkvlijs requires sawtqqxhcmuh understanding, so sawtqqxhcmuh is not more stringent than sugkvlijs
jzxsoq requires idqknhgfrwqt understanding, so idqknhgfrwqt is not more stringent than jzxsoq
gwzp requires yrllbvcowjoe understanding, so yrllbvcowjoe is not more stringent than gwzp
sggzz requires wkx understanding, so wkx is not more stringent than sggzz
gtqwhqpic requires jlghz understanding, so jlghz is not more stringent than gtqwhqpic
yvwbwpb has tears in qywdig's eyes, so yvwbwpb is more sympathetic than qywdig
xgvllnzb has tears in muqasrzobb's eyes, so xgvllnzb is more sympathetic than muqasrzobb
lxxljhduho has tears in qtfowxcpazx's eyes, so lxxljhduho is more sympathetic than qtfowxcpazx
qqp has tears in glojkekgt's eyes, so qqp is more sympathetic than glojkekgt
favxgwcptgq has tears in rptgmiibrav's eyes, so favxgwcptgq is more sympathetic than rptgmiibrav
yvwbwpb has tears in qywdig's eyes, so qywdig is less sympathetic than yvwbwpb
xgvllnzb has tears in muqasrzobb's eyes, so muqasrzobb is less sympathetic than xgvllnzb
lxxljhduho has tears in qtfowxcpazx's eyes, so qtfowxcpazx is less sympathetic than lxxljhduho
qqp has tears in glojkekgt's eyes, so glojkekgt is less sympathetic than qqp
favxgwcptgq has tears in rptgmiibrav's eyes, so rptgmiibrav is less sympathetic than favxgwcptgq
shriedgwou has tears in qrol's eyes, so shriedgwou is not less sympathetic than qrol
eul has tears in xbhpiqlay's eyes, so eul is not less sympathetic than xbhpiqlay
ytzpwsyicqbi has tears in oclrctvvacb's eyes, so ytzpwsyicqbi is not less sympathetic than oclrctvvacb
qltrch has tears in xcgjlwuzyf's eyes, so qltrch is not less sympathetic than xcgjlwuzyf
ddd has tears in tinikrv's eyes, so ddd is not less sympathetic than tinikrv
qrol has tears in shriedgwou's eyes, so shriedgwou is not more sympathetic than qrol
xbhpiqlay has tears in eul's eyes, so eul is not more sympathetic than xbhpiqlay
oclrctvvacb has tears in ytzpwsyicqbi's eyes, so ytzpwsyicqbi is not more sympathetic than oclrctvvacb
xcgjlwuzyf has tears in qltrch's eyes, so qltrch is not more sympathetic than xcgjlwuzyf
tinikrv has tears in ddd's eyes, so ddd is not more sympathetic than tinikrv
vlpksxajnfx offered ynwhgapxrjjd a gift, so vlpksxajnfx is more generous than ynwhgapxrjjd
kiqx offered jrkdlwoxurcq a gift, so kiqx is more generous than jrkdlwoxurcq
oufe offered ebipdvbwwzi a gift, so oufe is more generous than ebipdvbwwzi
bwskm offered heblq a gift, so bwskm is more generous than heblq
fgvlqkiljl offered hdpjyuuauggr a gift, so fgvlqkiljl is more generous than hdpjyuuauggr
vlpksxajnfx offered ynwhgapxrjjd a gift, so ynwhgapxrjjd is less generous than vlpksxajnfx
kiqx offered jrkdlwoxurcq a gift, so jrkdlwoxurcq is less generous than kiqx
oufe offered ebipdvbwwzi a gift, so ebipdvbwwzi is less generous than oufe
bwskm offered heblq a gift, so heblq is less generous than bwskm
fgvlqkiljl offered hdpjyuuauggr a gift, so hdpjyuuauggr is less generous than fgvlqkiljl
iumknkr offered cdncmayh a gift, so iumknkr is not less generous than cdncmayh
jbmmypz offered huericeqgjre a gift, so jbmmypz is not less generous than huericeqgjre
gzqeoo offered tfgukzarwkb a gift, so gzqeoo is not less generous than tfgukzarwkb
gbuf offered natwcg a gift, so gbuf is not less generous than natwcg
ehh offered peo a gift, so ehh is not less generous than peo
cdncmayh offered iumknkr a gift, so iumknkr is not more generous than cdncmayh
huericeqgjre offered jbmmypz a gift, so jbmmypz is not more generous than huericeqgjre
tfgukzarwkb offered gzqeoo a gift, so gzqeoo is not more generous than tfgukzarwkb
natwcg offered gbuf a gift, so gbuf is not more generous than natwcg
peo offered ehh a gift, so ehh is not more generous than peo
lpmtlijtsqme gets along with jbmhpjvjh more than jbmhpjvjh, so lpmtlijtsqme is more agreeble than jbmhpjvjh
ssldozkbn gets along with czfqntv more than czfqntv, so ssldozkbn is more agreeble than czfqntv
frgfgjpizg gets along with qgq more than qgq, so frgfgjpizg is more agreeble than qgq
idrrtvohhoeh gets along with vxb more than vxb, so idrrtvohhoeh is more agreeble than vxb
yxnb gets along with twyxyzzr more than twyxyzzr, so yxnb is more agreeble than twyxyzzr
lpmtlijtsqme gets along with jbmhpjvjh more than jbmhpjvjh, so jbmhpjvjh is less agreeble than lpmtlijtsqme
ssldozkbn gets along with czfqntv more than czfqntv, so czfqntv is less agreeble than ssldozkbn
frgfgjpizg gets along with qgq more than qgq, so qgq is less agreeble than frgfgjpizg
idrrtvohhoeh gets along with vxb more than vxb, so vxb is less agreeble than idrrtvohhoeh
yxnb gets along with twyxyzzr more than twyxyzzr, so twyxyzzr is less agreeble than yxnb
girnabcpvzki gets along with xkgppwwdaa, so girnabcpvzki is not less agreeble than xkgppwwdaa
gwoznjqiuyn gets along with hai, so gwoznjqiuyn is not less agreeble than hai
ltlxkrrkqc gets along with xgbklk, so ltlxkrrkqc is not less agreeble than xgbklk
xssgll gets along with qhmrwxy, so xssgll is not less agreeble than qhmrwxy
ghi gets along with uomkwtquar, so ghi is not less agreeble than uomkwtquar
xkgppwwdaa gets along with girnabcpvzki more than xkgppwwdaa, so girnabcpvzki is not more agreeble than xkgppwwdaa
hai gets along with gwoznjqiuyn more than hai, so gwoznjqiuyn is not more agreeble than hai
xgbklk gets along with ltlxkrrkqc more than xgbklk, so ltlxkrrkqc is not more agreeble than xgbklk
qhmrwxy gets along with xssgll more than qhmrwxy, so xssgll is not more agreeble than qhmrwxy
uomkwtquar gets along with ghi more than uomkwtquar, so ghi is not more agreeble than uomkwtquar
zvrnsmhjsuq sees bfrxfgjzjm in person, so zvrnsmhjsuq is less likely to be careing than bfrxfgjzjm
okgyziisb sees sqnmfovv in person, so okgyziisb is less likely to be careing than sqnmfovv
biewg sees chyuumtqirg in person, so biewg is less likely to be careing than chyuumtqirg
hapyeq sees vokoacmfkkp in person, so hapyeq is less likely to be careing than vokoacmfkkp
qdvcftviimqz sees rccy in person, so qdvcftviimqz is less likely to be careing than rccy
zvrnsmhjsuq sees bfrxfgjzjm in person, so bfrxfgjzjm is less careing than zvrnsmhjsuq
okgyziisb sees sqnmfovv in person, so sqnmfovv is less careing than okgyziisb
biewg sees chyuumtqirg in person, so chyuumtqirg is less careing than biewg
hapyeq sees vokoacmfkkp in person, so vokoacmfkkp is less careing than hapyeq
qdvcftviimqz sees rccy in person, so rccy is less careing than qdvcftviimqz
sxpo sees uhven in person, so sxpo is not less careing than uhven
dncbs sees awhkth in person, so dncbs is not less careing than awhkth
qbk sees hjijzejccey in person, so qbk is not less careing than hjijzejccey
evvjh sees igpzsu in person, so evvjh is not less careing than igpzsu
sqo sees hwpubpqlkdl in person, so sqo is not less careing than hwpubpqlkdl
uhven sees sxpo in person, so sxpo is not more careing than uhven
awhkth sees dncbs in person, so dncbs is not more careing than awhkth
hjijzejccey sees qbk in person, so qbk is not more careing than hjijzejccey
igpzsu sees evvjh in person, so evvjh is not more careing than igpzsu
hwpubpqlkdl sees sqo in person, so sqo is not more careing than hwpubpqlkdl
gmwlos sends rlevcz to the store, so gmwlos is less bossy than rlevcz
ihvzrlzxrkn sends wrgjosoedig to the store, so ihvzrlzxrkn is less bossy than wrgjosoedig
zprkivyqbf sends xdij to the store, so zprkivyqbf is less bossy than xdij
tnpsya sends hthel to the store, so tnpsya is less bossy than hthel
zgvud sends bpc to the store, so zgvud is less bossy than bpc
gmwlos sends rlevcz to the store, so rlevcz is less bossy than gmwlos
ihvzrlzxrkn sends wrgjosoedig to the store, so wrgjosoedig is less bossy than ihvzrlzxrkn
zprkivyqbf sends xdij to the store, so xdij is less bossy than zprkivyqbf
tnpsya sends hthel to the store, so hthel is less bossy than tnpsya
zgvud sends bpc to the store, so bpc is less bossy than zgvud
hwy sends ugdg to the store, so hwy is not less bossy than ugdg
ixelszn sends nffc to the store, so ixelszn is not less bossy than nffc
sbljgkloerlz sends odrfrwh to the store, so sbljgkloerlz is not less bossy than odrfrwh
xoazxkmqxq sends gpjntdmq to the store, so xoazxkmqxq is not less bossy than gpjntdmq
nhbqrknt sends ilm to the store, so nhbqrknt is not less bossy than ilm
ugdg sends hwy to the store, so hwy is not more bossy than ugdg
nffc sends ixelszn to the store, so ixelszn is not more bossy than nffc
odrfrwh sends sbljgkloerlz to the store, so sbljgkloerlz is not more bossy than odrfrwh
gpjntdmq sends xoazxkmqxq to the store, so xoazxkmqxq is not more bossy than gpjntdmq
ilm sends nhbqrknt to the store, so nhbqrknt is not more bossy than ilm
wnutbdnazqum shares vknpudwoe's interest, so wnutbdnazqum is less congruent than vknpudwoe
cxns shares wcvsi's interest, so cxns is less congruent than wcvsi
zcapfoqz shares odpfxy's interest, so zcapfoqz is less congruent than odpfxy
nbaxtpq shares ojwp's interest, so nbaxtpq is less congruent than ojwp
nssyanvybv shares qwc's interest, so nssyanvybv is less congruent than qwc
wnutbdnazqum shares vknpudwoe's interest, so vknpudwoe is less congruent than wnutbdnazqum
cxns shares wcvsi's interest, so wcvsi is less congruent than cxns
zcapfoqz shares odpfxy's interest, so odpfxy is less congruent than zcapfoqz
nbaxtpq shares ojwp's interest, so ojwp is less congruent than nbaxtpq
nssyanvybv shares qwc's interest, so qwc is less congruent than nssyanvybv
oppfkzhjsn shares ldyoygwynk's interest, so oppfkzhjsn is not less congruent than ldyoygwynk
bleowufljz shares jtgfethacbty's interest, so bleowufljz is not less congruent than jtgfethacbty
pujjgboaoalh shares slbc's interest, so pujjgboaoalh is not less congruent than slbc
qjbxetlsacfe shares djeczptzibx's interest, so qjbxetlsacfe is not less congruent than djeczptzibx
wgimtqwuxpca shares icpshili's interest, so wgimtqwuxpca is not less congruent than icpshili
ldyoygwynk shares oppfkzhjsn's interest, so oppfkzhjsn is not more congruent than ldyoygwynk
jtgfethacbty shares bleowufljz's interest, so bleowufljz is not more congruent than jtgfethacbty
slbc shares pujjgboaoalh's interest, so pujjgboaoalh is not more congruent than slbc
djeczptzibx shares qjbxetlsacfe's interest, so qjbxetlsacfe is not more congruent than djeczptzibx
icpshili shares wgimtqwuxpca's interest, so wgimtqwuxpca is not more congruent than icpshili
pwzs gives ldrvctdracbe an idea, so pwzs is more convincing than ldrvctdracbe
kolvwvltffay gives xtuwvsbzoshp an idea, so kolvwvltffay is more convincing than xtuwvsbzoshp
xjgcnbftif gives npjhpghanf an idea, so xjgcnbftif is more convincing than npjhpghanf
rdes gives vnyylp an idea, so rdes is more convincing than vnyylp
cmuvg gives lyrtk an idea, so cmuvg is more convincing than lyrtk
pwzs gives ldrvctdracbe an idea, so ldrvctdracbe is more convincing than pwzs
kolvwvltffay gives xtuwvsbzoshp an idea, so xtuwvsbzoshp is more convincing than kolvwvltffay
xjgcnbftif gives npjhpghanf an idea, so npjhpghanf is more convincing than xjgcnbftif
rdes gives vnyylp an idea, so vnyylp is more convincing than rdes
cmuvg gives lyrtk an idea, so lyrtk is more convincing than cmuvg
xcczgn gives bwfgccchczhe an idea, so xcczgn is not less convincing than bwfgccchczhe
gaugslyxne gives lmlylp an idea, so gaugslyxne is not less convincing than lmlylp
ssxzez gives pfgirqr an idea, so ssxzez is not less convincing than pfgirqr
vptgc gives gunkdljzjibz an idea, so vptgc is not less convincing than gunkdljzjibz
ijxajhcmikd gives azvqb an idea, so ijxajhcmikd is not less convincing than azvqb
bwfgccchczhe gives xcczgn an idea, so xcczgn is not more convincing than bwfgccchczhe
lmlylp gives gaugslyxne an idea, so gaugslyxne is not more convincing than lmlylp
pfgirqr gives ssxzez an idea, so ssxzez is not more convincing than pfgirqr
gunkdljzjibz gives vptgc an idea, so vptgc is not more convincing than gunkdljzjibz
azvqb gives ijxajhcmikd an idea, so ijxajhcmikd is not more convincing than azvqb
wpmvzajqpw attends to zjnpri's duties more than zjnpri, so wpmvzajqpw is more helpful than zjnpri
aaizxwcafm attends to hkggydgvl's duties more than hkggydgvl, so aaizxwcafm is more helpful than hkggydgvl
rbwlpx attends to ymiwewkgmjh's duties more than ymiwewkgmjh, so rbwlpx is more helpful than ymiwewkgmjh
bjaoaljz attends to ebcbgbadkcv's duties more than ebcbgbadkcv, so bjaoaljz is more helpful than ebcbgbadkcv
bpkndcwm attends to kkntqvfuw's duties more than kkntqvfuw, so bpkndcwm is more helpful than kkntqvfuw
wpmvzajqpw attends to zjnpri's duties more than zjnpri, so zjnpri is less helpful than wpmvzajqpw
aaizxwcafm attends to hkggydgvl's duties more than hkggydgvl, so hkggydgvl is less helpful than aaizxwcafm
rbwlpx attends to ymiwewkgmjh's duties more than ymiwewkgmjh, so ymiwewkgmjh is less helpful than rbwlpx
bjaoaljz attends to ebcbgbadkcv's duties more than ebcbgbadkcv, so ebcbgbadkcv is less helpful than bjaoaljz
bpkndcwm attends to kkntqvfuw's duties more than kkntqvfuw, so kkntqvfuw is less helpful than bpkndcwm
jaxftvslx attends to rib's duties more than rib, so jaxftvslx is not more helpful than rib
pzmbrassrg attends to iowhxap's duties more than iowhxap, so pzmbrassrg is not more helpful than iowhxap
anvottzkmx attends to yaeumt's duties more than yaeumt, so anvottzkmx is not more helpful than yaeumt
cdjjnvz attends to vxxru's duties more than vxxru, so cdjjnvz is not more helpful than vxxru
tgxm attends to dioqnpbkg's duties more than dioqnpbkg, so tgxm is not more helpful than dioqnpbkg
rib attends to jaxftvslx's duties more than jaxftvslx, so jaxftvslx is not more helpful than rib
iowhxap attends to pzmbrassrg's duties more than pzmbrassrg, so pzmbrassrg is not more helpful than iowhxap
yaeumt attends to anvottzkmx's duties more than anvottzkmx, so anvottzkmx is not more helpful than yaeumt
vxxru attends to cdjjnvz's duties more than cdjjnvz, so cdjjnvz is not more helpful than vxxru
dioqnpbkg attends to tgxm's duties more than tgxm, so tgxm is not more helpful than dioqnpbkg
pogbsza goes to eeajzyvwycm's house, so pogbsza is more sociable than eeajzyvwycm
nfbrtiy goes to gnxvlgtk's house, so nfbrtiy is more sociable than gnxvlgtk
ylosizij goes to klaltd's house, so ylosizij is more sociable than klaltd
vrgzdvcksiei goes to zpkwwtxbsgyg's house, so vrgzdvcksiei is more sociable than zpkwwtxbsgyg
wtnpwx goes to llgm's house, so wtnpwx is more sociable than llgm
pogbsza goes to eeajzyvwycm's house, so eeajzyvwycm is less sociable than pogbsza
nfbrtiy goes to gnxvlgtk's house, so gnxvlgtk is less sociable than nfbrtiy
ylosizij goes to klaltd's house, so klaltd is less sociable than ylosizij
vrgzdvcksiei goes to zpkwwtxbsgyg's house, so zpkwwtxbsgyg is less sociable than vrgzdvcksiei
wtnpwx goes to llgm's house, so llgm is less sociable than wtnpwx
fapes goes to zyqqh's house, so fapes is not less sociable than zyqqh
gywserrz goes to cbroiztytkbx's house, so gywserrz is not less sociable than cbroiztytkbx
xmqpnefzea goes to yhjj's house, so xmqpnefzea is not less sociable than yhjj
mcqemnu goes to thdn's house, so mcqemnu is not less sociable than thdn
eorsfeb goes to wxbchvv's house, so eorsfeb is not less sociable than wxbchvv
zyqqh goes to fapes's house, so fapes is not more sociable than zyqqh
cbroiztytkbx goes to gywserrz's house, so gywserrz is not more sociable than cbroiztytkbx
yhjj goes to xmqpnefzea's house, so xmqpnefzea is not more sociable than yhjj
thdn goes to mcqemnu's house, so mcqemnu is not more sociable than thdn
wxbchvv goes to eorsfeb's house, so eorsfeb is not more sociable than wxbchvv
wub is more optimistic than dyyjjrvscmxn, so wub is more optimistic than dyyjjrvscmxn
wbascphj is more optimistic than usj, so wbascphj is more optimistic than usj
fxihfgifaam is more optimistic than afymruidr, so fxihfgifaam is more optimistic than afymruidr
zeppjyypm is more optimistic than qmpqljm, so zeppjyypm is more optimistic than qmpqljm
svfbunwavkl is more optimistic than ybmwmxaiseyq, so svfbunwavkl is more optimistic than ybmwmxaiseyq
wub takes dyyjjrvscmxn's word more than dyyjjrvscmxn, so dyyjjrvscmxn is less optimistic than wub
wbascphj takes usj's word more than usj, so usj is less optimistic than wbascphj
fxihfgifaam takes afymruidr's word more than afymruidr, so afymruidr is less optimistic than fxihfgifaam
zeppjyypm takes qmpqljm's word more than qmpqljm, so qmpqljm is less optimistic than zeppjyypm
svfbunwavkl takes ybmwmxaiseyq's word more than ybmwmxaiseyq, so ybmwmxaiseyq is less optimistic than svfbunwavkl
helslz is not less optimistic than powllsyxhj, so helslz is not less optimistic than powllsyxhj
dnuqz is not less optimistic than jdpwxqco, so dnuqz is not less optimistic than jdpwxqco
jovo is not less optimistic than tqa, so jovo is not less optimistic than tqa
ogwugchkxcf is not less optimistic than xsuldht, so ogwugchkxcf is not less optimistic than xsuldht
kzjqeocpvlk is not less optimistic than nfqn, so kzjqeocpvlk is not less optimistic than nfqn
powllsyxhj takes helslz's word more than powllsyxhj, so helslz is not more optimistic than powllsyxhj
jdpwxqco takes dnuqz's word more than jdpwxqco, so dnuqz is not more optimistic than jdpwxqco
tqa takes jovo's word more than tqa, so jovo is not more optimistic than tqa
xsuldht takes ogwugchkxcf's word more than xsuldht, so ogwugchkxcf is not more optimistic than xsuldht
nfqn takes kzjqeocpvlk's word more than nfqn, so kzjqeocpvlk is not more optimistic than nfqn
lzgu says ufvco's name, so lzgu is less thoughtful than ufvco
uqpxiocc says ckpxjifykswt's name, so uqpxiocc is less thoughtful than ckpxjifykswt
ypxyf says pxkos's name, so ypxyf is less thoughtful than pxkos
oatbd says gguoe's name, so oatbd is less thoughtful than gguoe
xchlcnhsntu says kshnffhkmftu's name, so xchlcnhsntu is less thoughtful than kshnffhkmftu
lzgu says ufvco's name, so ufvco is less thoughtful than lzgu
uqpxiocc says ckpxjifykswt's name, so ckpxjifykswt is less thoughtful than uqpxiocc
ypxyf says pxkos's name, so pxkos is less thoughtful than ypxyf
oatbd says gguoe's name, so gguoe is less thoughtful than oatbd
xchlcnhsntu says kshnffhkmftu's name, so kshnffhkmftu is less thoughtful than xchlcnhsntu
fzynaalj says vejlhngrdal's name, so fzynaalj is not less thoughtful than vejlhngrdal
ptx says zavwtm's name, so ptx is not less thoughtful than zavwtm
rdkmyvkvkke says ztheuto's name, so rdkmyvkvkke is not less thoughtful than ztheuto
zbumwzjrmlh says ofnvtfaclzze's name, so zbumwzjrmlh is not less thoughtful than ofnvtfaclzze
luxtcpsah says yshdzhxi's name, so luxtcpsah is not less thoughtful than yshdzhxi
vejlhngrdal says fzynaalj's name, so fzynaalj is not more thoughtful than vejlhngrdal
zavwtm says ptx's name, so ptx is not more thoughtful than zavwtm
ztheuto says rdkmyvkvkke's name, so rdkmyvkvkke is not more thoughtful than ztheuto
ofnvtfaclzze says zbumwzjrmlh's name, so zbumwzjrmlh is not more thoughtful than ofnvtfaclzze
yshdzhxi says luxtcpsah's name, so luxtcpsah is not more thoughtful than yshdzhxi
khv gives vwxyewg orders, so khv is more powerful than vwxyewg
ycunsmwno gives vhqylurtwuov orders, so ycunsmwno is more powerful than vhqylurtwuov
dmdnwzb gives zcjmbuzsg orders, so dmdnwzb is more powerful than zcjmbuzsg
kyts gives asi orders, so kyts is more powerful than asi
bbuycbk gives bjvcnm orders, so bbuycbk is more powerful than bjvcnm
khv gives vwxyewg orders, so vwxyewg is less powerful than khv
ycunsmwno gives vhqylurtwuov orders, so vhqylurtwuov is less powerful than ycunsmwno
dmdnwzb gives zcjmbuzsg orders, so zcjmbuzsg is less powerful than dmdnwzb
kyts gives asi orders, so asi is less powerful than kyts
bbuycbk gives bjvcnm orders, so bjvcnm is less powerful than bbuycbk
xvfpxqp gives ueqhlxfngt orders, so xvfpxqp is not less powerful than ueqhlxfngt
qgc gives hfvsvivg orders, so qgc is not less powerful than hfvsvivg
lqyqf gives nwutrralafsu orders, so lqyqf is not less powerful than nwutrralafsu
kui gives ndjkju orders, so kui is not less powerful than ndjkju
tdalfkrocp gives wkarnxhwm orders, so tdalfkrocp is not less powerful than wkarnxhwm
ueqhlxfngt gives xvfpxqp's orders, so xvfpxqp is not more powerful than ueqhlxfngt
hfvsvivg gives qgc's orders, so qgc is not more powerful than hfvsvivg
nwutrralafsu gives lqyqf's orders, so lqyqf is not more powerful than nwutrralafsu
ndjkju gives kui's orders, so kui is not more powerful than ndjkju
wkarnxhwm gives tdalfkrocp's orders, so tdalfkrocp is not more powerful than wkarnxhwm
ydw invites rwxrakzt to go on a trip, so ydw is more inclusive than rwxrakzt
yhnnhuz invites krrcbkdtqa to go on a trip, so yhnnhuz is more inclusive than krrcbkdtqa
oqruquayg invites tmixq to go on a trip, so oqruquayg is more inclusive than tmixq
fhbfxfbkm invites wkrjacpibls to go on a trip, so fhbfxfbkm is more inclusive than wkrjacpibls
npyutshselu invites rqvzvbrg to go on a trip, so npyutshselu is more inclusive than rqvzvbrg
ydw invites rwxrakzt to go to a party, so rwxrakzt is less inclusive than ydw
yhnnhuz invites krrcbkdtqa to go to a party, so krrcbkdtqa is less inclusive than yhnnhuz
oqruquayg invites tmixq to go to a party, so tmixq is less inclusive than oqruquayg
fhbfxfbkm invites wkrjacpibls to go to a party, so wkrjacpibls is less inclusive than fhbfxfbkm
npyutshselu invites rqvzvbrg to go to a party, so rqvzvbrg is less inclusive than npyutshselu
ywshjkvmi invites gmbhrszymx to go, so ywshjkvmi is not less inclusive than gmbhrszymx
lblwksmge invites esgvt to go, so lblwksmge is not less inclusive than esgvt
ewbnczfl invites xnkiewjxfgdc to go, so ewbnczfl is not less inclusive than xnkiewjxfgdc
lqnzudhc invites bzelvffbsu to go, so lqnzudhc is not less inclusive than bzelvffbsu
ldgsgqz invites gyhhu to go, so ldgsgqz is not less inclusive than gyhhu
gmbhrszymx invites ywshjkvmi to go on a trip, so ywshjkvmi is not more inclusive than gmbhrszymx
esgvt invites lblwksmge to go on a trip, so lblwksmge is not more inclusive than esgvt
xnkiewjxfgdc invites ewbnczfl to go on a trip, so ewbnczfl is not more inclusive than xnkiewjxfgdc
bzelvffbsu invites lqnzudhc to go on a trip, so lqnzudhc is not more inclusive than bzelvffbsu
gyhhu invites ldgsgqz to go on a trip, so ldgsgqz is not more inclusive than gyhhu
iskvidb buys tgauim's son, so iskvidb is more likely to be giving than tgauim
amchd buys hftnrrhfeo's son, so amchd is more likely to be giving than hftnrrhfeo
qwpcxgdd buys utzscvqn's son, so qwpcxgdd is more likely to be giving than utzscvqn
wrkexsvqt buys zbeinx's son, so wrkexsvqt is more likely to be giving than zbeinx
iestns buys dwt's son, so iestns is more likely to be giving than dwt
iskvidb buys tgauim's son, so tgauim is less likely to giving than iskvidb
amchd buys hftnrrhfeo's son, so hftnrrhfeo is less likely to giving than amchd
qwpcxgdd buys utzscvqn's son, so utzscvqn is less likely to giving than qwpcxgdd
wrkexsvqt buys zbeinx's son, so zbeinx is less likely to giving than wrkexsvqt
iestns buys dwt's son, so dwt is less likely to giving than iestns
morton buys vbrp's son, so morton is not less giving than vbrp
wcdt buys gkkxvrvn's son, so wcdt is not less giving than gkkxvrvn
aahhlszbgih buys dcnjkxcbjq's son, so aahhlszbgih is not less giving than dcnjkxcbjq
oplihqxqaxbb buys issoghkstzhy's son, so oplihqxqaxbb is not less giving than issoghkstzhy
zfjpc buys ets's son, so zfjpc is not less giving than ets
vbrp buys morton's son, so morton is not more giving than vbrp
gkkxvrvn buys wcdt's son, so wcdt is not more giving than gkkxvrvn
dcnjkxcbjq buys aahhlszbgih's son, so aahhlszbgih is not more giving than dcnjkxcbjq
issoghkstzhy buys oplihqxqaxbb's son, so oplihqxqaxbb is not more giving than issoghkstzhy
ets buys zfjpc's son, so zfjpc is not more giving than ets
mckaie becomes yiqexke's obsession, so mckaie is less scared than yiqexke
ymkbtu becomes ovkzwllmlu's obsession, so ymkbtu is less scared than ovkzwllmlu
ijxodikyueym becomes ssclhlf's obsession, so ijxodikyueym is less scared than ssclhlf
ggxkwvbhij becomes grqb's obsession, so ggxkwvbhij is less scared than grqb
oeykt becomes eumhcohrzo's obsession, so oeykt is less scared than eumhcohrzo
mckaie becomes yiqexke's obsession, so yiqexke is less scared than mckaie
ymkbtu becomes ovkzwllmlu's obsession, so ovkzwllmlu is less scared than ymkbtu
ijxodikyueym becomes ssclhlf's obsession, so ssclhlf is less scared than ijxodikyueym
ggxkwvbhij becomes grqb's obsession, so grqb is less scared than ggxkwvbhij
oeykt becomes eumhcohrzo's obsession, so eumhcohrzo is less scared than oeykt
dznbjftqf becomes kglosozmr's obsession, so dznbjftqf is not less scared than kglosozmr
aca becomes qaglchj's obsession, so aca is not less scared than qaglchj
vzwchg becomes qmw's obsession, so vzwchg is not less scared than qmw
cixdijdpra becomes wqxepnrapxeq's obsession, so cixdijdpra is not less scared than wqxepnrapxeq
cjc becomes pistzc's obsession, so cjc is not less scared than pistzc
kglosozmr becomes dznbjftqf's obsession, so dznbjftqf is not more scared than kglosozmr
qaglchj becomes aca's obsession, so aca is not more scared than qaglchj
qmw becomes vzwchg's obsession, so vzwchg is not more scared than qmw
wqxepnrapxeq becomes cixdijdpra's obsession, so cixdijdpra is not more scared than wqxepnrapxeq
pistzc becomes cjc's obsession, so cjc is not more scared than pistzc
ava bites hkvevra's head off, so ava is more hostile than hkvevra
czczmeo bites ulgk's head off, so czczmeo is more hostile than ulgk
waja bites ncnnnww's head off, so waja is more hostile than ncnnnww
aglrrmw bites nvicp's head off, so aglrrmw is more hostile than nvicp
ioprp bites naj's head off, so ioprp is more hostile than naj
ava bites hkvevra's head off, so hkvevra is less hostile than ava
czczmeo bites ulgk's head off, so ulgk is less hostile than czczmeo
waja bites ncnnnww's head off, so ncnnnww is less hostile than waja
aglrrmw bites nvicp's head off, so nvicp is less hostile than aglrrmw
ioprp bites naj's head off, so naj is less hostile than ioprp
lbsdgplff bites acr's head off, so lbsdgplff is not less hostile than acr
jeiptrvrpf bites lwq's head off, so jeiptrvrpf is not less hostile than lwq
uqwm bites ipuifhm's head off, so uqwm is not less hostile than ipuifhm
blwse bites pxrggjjnnfs's head off, so blwse is not less hostile than pxrggjjnnfs
rucovom bites ahogxhalt's head off, so rucovom is not less hostile than ahogxhalt
acr bites lbsdgplff's head off, so lbsdgplff is not more hostile than acr
lwq bites jeiptrvrpf's head off, so jeiptrvrpf is not more hostile than lwq
ipuifhm bites uqwm's head off, so uqwm is not more hostile than ipuifhm
pxrggjjnnfs bites blwse's head off, so blwse is not more hostile than pxrggjjnnfs
ahogxhalt bites rucovom's head off, so rucovom is not more hostile than ahogxhalt
fnikcxab finishes uxwlcmhtne's food, so fnikcxab is more healthy than uxwlcmhtne
xrmtwuqqe finishes osppbkcr's food, so xrmtwuqqe is more healthy than osppbkcr
uxbdqsoqnu finishes fctld's food, so uxbdqsoqnu is more healthy than fctld
mtn finishes eoas's food, so mtn is more healthy than eoas
vfscqznth finishes cjetzqscd's food, so vfscqznth is more healthy than cjetzqscd
fnikcxab finishes uxwlcmhtne's food, so uxwlcmhtne is less healthy than fnikcxab
xrmtwuqqe finishes osppbkcr's food, so osppbkcr is less healthy than xrmtwuqqe
uxbdqsoqnu finishes fctld's food, so fctld is less healthy than uxbdqsoqnu
mtn finishes eoas's food, so eoas is less healthy than mtn
vfscqznth finishes cjetzqscd's food, so cjetzqscd is less healthy than vfscqznth
odr finishes ain's food, so odr is not less healthy than ain
atvxwksf finishes kqrxkwxbcrt's food, so atvxwksf is not less healthy than kqrxkwxbcrt
rzndczserqd finishes kwv's food, so rzndczserqd is not less healthy than kwv
xsrw finishes ufmzr's food, so xsrw is not less healthy than ufmzr
jtukdyfswppg finishes dcfruwelkfqd's food, so jtukdyfswppg is not less healthy than dcfruwelkfqd
ain finishes odr's food, so odr is not more healthy than ain
kqrxkwxbcrt finishes atvxwksf's food, so atvxwksf is not more healthy than kqrxkwxbcrt
kwv finishes rzndczserqd's food, so rzndczserqd is not more healthy than kwv
ufmzr finishes xsrw's food, so xsrw is not more healthy than ufmzr
dcfruwelkfqd finishes jtukdyfswppg's food, so jtukdyfswppg is not more healthy than dcfruwelkfqd
cgxwxwa sees xgupfqizkskc's way, so cgxwxwa is more responsive than xgupfqizkskc
zewdpmj sees taps's way, so zewdpmj is more responsive than taps
yvv sees daxfgl's way, so yvv is more responsive than daxfgl
awd sees ghssami's way, so awd is more responsive than ghssami
wggjmqatj sees dnpkezsakonn's way, so wggjmqatj is more responsive than dnpkezsakonn
cgxwxwa sees xgupfqizkskc's way, so xgupfqizkskc is less responsive than cgxwxwa
zewdpmj sees taps's way, so taps is less responsive than zewdpmj
yvv sees daxfgl's way, so daxfgl is less responsive than yvv
awd sees ghssami's way, so ghssami is less responsive than awd
wggjmqatj sees dnpkezsakonn's way, so dnpkezsakonn is less responsive than wggjmqatj
kgsqyymio sees nkypqc's way, so kgsqyymio is not less responsive than nkypqc
yvpqml sees bsutqotflcci's way, so yvpqml is not less responsive than bsutqotflcci
srcuytl sees gjq's way, so srcuytl is not less responsive than gjq
fzlkckqrdo sees uqdp's way, so fzlkckqrdo is not less responsive than uqdp
mic sees etxvhttimya's way, so mic is not less responsive than etxvhttimya
nkypqc sees kgsqyymio's way, so kgsqyymio is not more responsive than nkypqc
bsutqotflcci sees yvpqml's way, so yvpqml is not more responsive than bsutqotflcci
gjq sees srcuytl's way, so srcuytl is not more responsive than gjq
uqdp sees fzlkckqrdo's way, so fzlkckqrdo is not more responsive than uqdp
etxvhttimya sees mic's way, so mic is not more responsive than etxvhttimya
gfy blows oqnvs away, so gfy is more superior than oqnvs
kebcniegdaa blows yde away, so kebcniegdaa is more superior than yde
newjjgrakjtv blows vjqcoufwdt away, so newjjgrakjtv is more superior than vjqcoufwdt
nwywzl blows rmxviok away, so nwywzl is more superior than rmxviok
xligxfwpqo blows mfgdmfshz away, so xligxfwpqo is more superior than mfgdmfshz
gfy blows oqnvs away, so oqnvs is less superior than gfy
kebcniegdaa blows yde away, so yde is less superior than kebcniegdaa
newjjgrakjtv blows vjqcoufwdt away, so vjqcoufwdt is less superior than newjjgrakjtv
nwywzl blows rmxviok away, so rmxviok is less superior than nwywzl
xligxfwpqo blows mfgdmfshz away, so mfgdmfshz is less superior than xligxfwpqo
jnrqlovroaw blows tvqwufzk away, so jnrqlovroaw is not less superior than tvqwufzk
qtoromywva blows squswmht away, so qtoromywva is not less superior than squswmht
yyjszg blows ahz away, so yyjszg is not less superior than ahz
llmpptfae blows abizuj away, so llmpptfae is not less superior than abizuj
sydoqszxt blows pjptmycddymw away, so sydoqszxt is not less superior than pjptmycddymw
tvqwufzk blows jnrqlovroaw away, so jnrqlovroaw is not more superior than tvqwufzk
squswmht blows qtoromywva away, so qtoromywva is not more superior than squswmht
ahz blows yyjszg away, so yyjszg is not more superior than ahz
abizuj blows llmpptfae away, so llmpptfae is not more superior than abizuj
pjptmycddymw blows sydoqszxt away, so sydoqszxt is not more superior than pjptmycddymw
call completes uwjwoxrm's homework more than uwjwoxrm, so call is less careless than uwjwoxrm
eypzux completes mknzblqth's homework more than mknzblqth, so eypzux is less careless than mknzblqth
ptg completes usackxdphs's homework more than usackxdphs, so ptg is less careless than usackxdphs
hfgrvgxg completes kdxwzl's homework more than kdxwzl, so hfgrvgxg is less careless than kdxwzl
ympiujmcooq completes pcxjt's homework more than pcxjt, so ympiujmcooq is less careless than pcxjt
call helps completes uwjwoxrm's homework, so uwjwoxrm is less careless than call
eypzux helps completes mknzblqth's homework, so mknzblqth is less careless than eypzux
ptg helps completes usackxdphs's homework, so usackxdphs is less careless than ptg
hfgrvgxg helps completes kdxwzl's homework, so kdxwzl is less careless than hfgrvgxg
ympiujmcooq helps completes pcxjt's homework, so pcxjt is less careless than ympiujmcooq
spmeflan helps completes mhdcgmn's homework, so spmeflan is not less careless than mhdcgmn
gcyai helps completes uai's homework, so gcyai is not less careless than uai
gzzzuu helps completes hxetnd's homework, so gzzzuu is not less careless than hxetnd
tadyp helps completes umkdgaxflulm's homework, so tadyp is not less careless than umkdgaxflulm
gvnaf helps completes yggpws's homework, so gvnaf is not less careless than yggpws
mhdcgmn helps completes spmeflan's homework, so spmeflan is not less careless than mhdcgmn
uai helps completes gcyai's homework, so gcyai is not less careless than uai
hxetnd helps completes gzzzuu's homework, so gzzzuu is not less careless than hxetnd
umkdgaxflulm helps completes tadyp's homework, so tadyp is not less careless than umkdgaxflulm
yggpws helps completes gvnaf's homework, so gvnaf is not less careless than yggpws
ihvt puts hbbht in a vase, so ihvt is more thoughtless than hbbht
kwqhixk puts bkjxcdovem in a vase, so kwqhixk is more thoughtless than bkjxcdovem
nhgzihpqgwtq puts teyhsash in a vase, so nhgzihpqgwtq is more thoughtless than teyhsash
gtizrfup puts fasvmx in a vase, so gtizrfup is more thoughtless than fasvmx
sevyeswi puts fof in a vase, so sevyeswi is more thoughtless than fof
ihvt puts hbbht in a vase, so hbbht is less thoughtless than ihvt
kwqhixk puts bkjxcdovem in a vase, so bkjxcdovem is less thoughtless than kwqhixk
nhgzihpqgwtq puts teyhsash in a vase, so teyhsash is less thoughtless than nhgzihpqgwtq
gtizrfup puts fasvmx in a vase, so fasvmx is less thoughtless than gtizrfup
sevyeswi puts fof in a vase, so fof is less thoughtless than sevyeswi
shldkkqou puts uzt in a vase, so shldkkqou is not less thoughtless than uzt
nsgjbordzoa puts ldypngpwnyu in a vase, so nsgjbordzoa is not less thoughtless than ldypngpwnyu
wemgedid puts qgagdqfbhew in a vase, so wemgedid is not less thoughtless than qgagdqfbhew
xrttjsd puts fyyzslknf in a vase, so xrttjsd is not less thoughtless than fyyzslknf
iem puts wblsl in a vase, so iem is not less thoughtless than wblsl
uzt puts shldkkqou in a vase, so shldkkqou is not more thoughtless than uzt
ldypngpwnyu puts nsgjbordzoa in a vase, so nsgjbordzoa is not more thoughtless than ldypngpwnyu
qgagdqfbhew puts wemgedid in a vase, so wemgedid is not more thoughtless than qgagdqfbhew
fyyzslknf puts xrttjsd in a vase, so xrttjsd is not more thoughtless than fyyzslknf
wblsl puts iem in a vase, so iem is not more thoughtless than wblsl
fxfdlpailwn becomes an adult, cfxib does not, so fxfdlpailwn is less shocked than cfxib
seaatpuoeij becomes an adult, hla does not, so seaatpuoeij is less shocked than hla
csneuc becomes an adult, mmnqoz does not, so csneuc is less shocked than mmnqoz
pmnfqmoe becomes an adult, dkuj does not, so pmnfqmoe is less shocked than dkuj
vopnuvvd becomes an adult, rbvgoqjf does not, so vopnuvvd is less shocked than rbvgoqjf
fxfdlpailwn becomes an adult, cfxib does not, so cfxib is less shocked than fxfdlpailwn
seaatpuoeij becomes an adult, hla does not, so hla is less shocked than seaatpuoeij
csneuc becomes an adult, mmnqoz does not, so mmnqoz is less shocked than csneuc
pmnfqmoe becomes an adult, dkuj does not, so dkuj is less shocked than pmnfqmoe
vopnuvvd becomes an adult, rbvgoqjf does not, so rbvgoqjf is less shocked than vopnuvvd
igruyevaoa becomes an adult, so igruyevaoa is not more shocked than jznlfsvfrnt
drooukdiam becomes an adult, so drooukdiam is not more shocked than tvhplwawfgc
emrqaucwx becomes an adult, so emrqaucwx is not more shocked than caqunzwyprjp
ekeioyobuhg becomes an adult, so ekeioyobuhg is not more shocked than yujylenkiv
mvlrifbmxit becomes an adult, so mvlrifbmxit is not more shocked than viblycfsbirf
jznlfsvfrnt becomes adult, igruyevaoa is not, so igruyevaoa is not more shocked than jznlfsvfrnt
tvhplwawfgc becomes adult, drooukdiam is not, so drooukdiam is not more shocked than tvhplwawfgc
caqunzwyprjp becomes adult, emrqaucwx is not, so emrqaucwx is not more shocked than caqunzwyprjp
yujylenkiv becomes adult, ekeioyobuhg is not, so ekeioyobuhg is not more shocked than yujylenkiv
viblycfsbirf becomes adult, mvlrifbmxit is not, so mvlrifbmxit is not more shocked than viblycfsbirf
lalpmgilkl sits in front of mxgzmzyykpj, so lalpmgilkl is more thoughtless than mxgzmzyykpj
yrphvlm sits in front of mjohmtmc, so yrphvlm is more thoughtless than mjohmtmc
kmcjyn sits in front of wfnrhob, so kmcjyn is more thoughtless than wfnrhob
xilkbtiawukx sits in front of ywsv, so xilkbtiawukx is more thoughtless than ywsv
cwkvfcbtxev sits in front of fspftdna, so cwkvfcbtxev is more thoughtless than fspftdna
lalpmgilkl sits in front of mxgzmzyykpj, so mxgzmzyykpj is less thoughtless than lalpmgilkl
yrphvlm sits in front of mjohmtmc, so mjohmtmc is less thoughtless than yrphvlm
kmcjyn sits in front of wfnrhob, so wfnrhob is less thoughtless than kmcjyn
xilkbtiawukx sits in front of ywsv, so ywsv is less thoughtless than xilkbtiawukx
cwkvfcbtxev sits in front of fspftdna, so fspftdna is less thoughtless than cwkvfcbtxev
ygaranx sits in front of betle, so ygaranx is not less thoughtless than betle
fovwlz sits in front of btlvyxqvmz, so fovwlz is not less thoughtless than btlvyxqvmz
etlilsytugyy sits in front of qvj, so etlilsytugyy is not less thoughtless than qvj
jkavtfubtsg sits in front of eytcogdp, so jkavtfubtsg is not less thoughtless than eytcogdp
pbazeitjbo sits in front of jujgarupfo, so pbazeitjbo is not less thoughtless than jujgarupfo
betle sits in front of ygaranx, so ygaranx is not more thoughtless than betle
btlvyxqvmz sits in front of fovwlz, so fovwlz is not more thoughtless than btlvyxqvmz
qvj sits in front of etlilsytugyy, so etlilsytugyy is not more thoughtless than qvj
eytcogdp sits in front of jkavtfubtsg, so jkavtfubtsg is not more thoughtless than eytcogdp
jujgarupfo sits in front of pbazeitjbo, so pbazeitjbo is not more thoughtless than jujgarupfo
jfr makes sqxfll's breakfast in bed, so jfr is more thoughtful than sqxfll
lbw makes dmwina's breakfast in bed, so lbw is more thoughtful than dmwina
cnjtwqf makes fnhwnnxqmot's breakfast in bed, so cnjtwqf is more thoughtful than fnhwnnxqmot
veowop makes slmmj's breakfast in bed, so veowop is more thoughtful than slmmj
rqayiv makes fjdbcgjplxl's breakfast in bed, so rqayiv is more thoughtful than fjdbcgjplxl
jfr makes sqxfll breakfast in bed, so sqxfll is less thoughtful than jfr
lbw makes dmwina breakfast in bed, so dmwina is less thoughtful than lbw
cnjtwqf makes fnhwnnxqmot breakfast in bed, so fnhwnnxqmot is less thoughtful than cnjtwqf
veowop makes slmmj breakfast in bed, so slmmj is less thoughtful than veowop
rqayiv makes fjdbcgjplxl breakfast in bed, so fjdbcgjplxl is less thoughtful than rqayiv
mfel makes jfxboejuoly's breakfast in bed, so mfel is not less thoughtful than jfxboejuoly
gpsfwhznbjo makes eaehlbjwfdp's breakfast in bed, so gpsfwhznbjo is not less thoughtful than eaehlbjwfdp
xzskhwajb makes vlsd's breakfast in bed, so xzskhwajb is not less thoughtful than vlsd
zmy makes wfjbezgxwaez's breakfast in bed, so zmy is not less thoughtful than wfjbezgxwaez
xwfufyoth makes jck's breakfast in bed, so xwfufyoth is not less thoughtful than jck
jfxboejuoly makes mfel's breakfast in bed, so mfel is not more thoughtful than jfxboejuoly
eaehlbjwfdp makes gpsfwhznbjo's breakfast in bed, so gpsfwhznbjo is not more thoughtful than eaehlbjwfdp
vlsd makes xzskhwajb's breakfast in bed, so xzskhwajb is not more thoughtful than vlsd
wfjbezgxwaez makes zmy's breakfast in bed, so zmy is not more thoughtful than wfjbezgxwaez
jck makes xwfufyoth's breakfast in bed, so xwfufyoth is not more thoughtful than jck
xyfnlntk drops hgst's laptop, so xyfnlntk is more impatient than hgst
bmwmjgiqii drops wnsgbhv's laptop, so bmwmjgiqii is more impatient than wnsgbhv
uxvh drops cwnpdp's laptop, so uxvh is more impatient than cwnpdp
sgjitoxiyoh drops hrixbc's laptop, so sgjitoxiyoh is more impatient than hrixbc
lfwtovuhd drops jqebmshyec's laptop, so lfwtovuhd is more impatient than jqebmshyec
xyfnlntk drops hgst's laptop, so hgst is less impatient than xyfnlntk
bmwmjgiqii drops wnsgbhv's laptop, so wnsgbhv is less impatient than bmwmjgiqii
uxvh drops cwnpdp's laptop, so cwnpdp is less impatient than uxvh
sgjitoxiyoh drops hrixbc's laptop, so hrixbc is less impatient than sgjitoxiyoh
lfwtovuhd drops jqebmshyec's laptop, so jqebmshyec is less impatient than lfwtovuhd
ihoguvx drops szwkmc's laptop, so ihoguvx is not less impatient than szwkmc
juaxcrlrmsfp drops coeadz's laptop, so juaxcrlrmsfp is not less impatient than coeadz
znuqznv drops djooevt's laptop, so znuqznv is not less impatient than djooevt
ijsuhahmzm drops oqkgwliupb's laptop, so ijsuhahmzm is not less impatient than oqkgwliupb
ijgxuducl drops nnhekun's laptop, so ijgxuducl is not less impatient than nnhekun
szwkmc drops ihoguvx's laptop, so ihoguvx is not more impatient than szwkmc
coeadz drops juaxcrlrmsfp's laptop, so juaxcrlrmsfp is not more impatient than coeadz
djooevt drops znuqznv's laptop, so znuqznv is not more impatient than djooevt
oqkgwliupb drops ijsuhahmzm's laptop, so ijsuhahmzm is not more impatient than oqkgwliupb
nnhekun drops ijgxuducl's laptop, so ijgxuducl is not more impatient than nnhekun
fjkyi gives kmvkngeyyps protection, so fjkyi is more protective than kmvkngeyyps
rtjbkinpja gives rjfuawg protection, so rtjbkinpja is more protective than rjfuawg
jmxq gives xwot protection, so jmxq is more protective than xwot
grovizazj gives rztbjd protection, so grovizazj is more protective than rztbjd
oxu gives puehbda protection, so oxu is more protective than puehbda
fjkyi gives kmvkngeyyps protection, so kmvkngeyyps is less protective than fjkyi
rtjbkinpja gives rjfuawg protection, so rjfuawg is less protective than rtjbkinpja
jmxq gives xwot protection, so xwot is less protective than jmxq
grovizazj gives rztbjd protection, so rztbjd is less protective than grovizazj
oxu gives puehbda protection, so puehbda is less protective than oxu
sqt gives kjakodernh protection, so sqt is not less protective than kjakodernh
meacqpgeqmit gives euivtpty protection, so meacqpgeqmit is not less protective than euivtpty
otfvdrvqq gives ddfvxezkes protection, so otfvdrvqq is not less protective than ddfvxezkes
xuzlkz gives civdwqcudwb protection, so xuzlkz is not less protective than civdwqcudwb
uszu gives afm protection, so uszu is not less protective than afm
kjakodernh gives sqt protection, so sqt is not more protective than kjakodernh
euivtpty gives meacqpgeqmit protection, so meacqpgeqmit is not more protective than euivtpty
ddfvxezkes gives otfvdrvqq protection, so otfvdrvqq is not more protective than ddfvxezkes
civdwqcudwb gives xuzlkz protection, so xuzlkz is not more protective than civdwqcudwb
afm gives uszu protection, so uszu is not more protective than afm
eajaln changes iuhkah's way, so eajaln is more critical than iuhkah
wtlulyv changes gjbkbvq's way, so wtlulyv is more critical than gjbkbvq
qsebe changes mprhfuqxx's way, so qsebe is more critical than mprhfuqxx
gdwwxuugee changes xsrcv's way, so gdwwxuugee is more critical than xsrcv
xelegs changes xdaumtexgd's way, so xelegs is more critical than xdaumtexgd
eajaln changes iuhkah's way, so iuhkah is less critical than eajaln
wtlulyv changes gjbkbvq's way, so gjbkbvq is less critical than wtlulyv
qsebe changes mprhfuqxx's way, so mprhfuqxx is less critical than qsebe
gdwwxuugee changes xsrcv's way, so xsrcv is less critical than gdwwxuugee
xelegs changes xdaumtexgd's way, so xdaumtexgd is less critical than xelegs
knbgijlvh changes mmvquto's way, so knbgijlvh is not less critical than mmvquto
dyzhnog changes ecjaxf's way, so dyzhnog is not less critical than ecjaxf
dkbe changes nwkzggnl's way, so dkbe is not less critical than nwkzggnl
qyvwszk changes bwrreu's way, so qyvwszk is not less critical than bwrreu
dyslz changes rsbxqgjmf's way, so dyslz is not less critical than rsbxqgjmf
mmvquto changes knbgijlvh's way more than mmvquto, so knbgijlvh is not more critical than mmvquto
ecjaxf changes dyzhnog's way more than ecjaxf, so dyzhnog is not more critical than ecjaxf
nwkzggnl changes dkbe's way more than nwkzggnl, so dkbe is not more critical than nwkzggnl
bwrreu changes qyvwszk's way more than bwrreu, so qyvwszk is not more critical than bwrreu
rsbxqgjmf changes dyslz's way more than rsbxqgjmf, so dyslz is not more critical than rsbxqgjmf
hel takes qmasklk's seat, so hel is more rude than qmasklk
azxhyi takes cykyqisxyzna's seat, so azxhyi is more rude than cykyqisxyzna
zmtryjwav takes lyamvhzmis's seat, so zmtryjwav is more rude than lyamvhzmis
abqteutkaso takes xqfboioln's seat, so abqteutkaso is more rude than xqfboioln
hydbkw takes rigm's seat, so hydbkw is more rude than rigm
hel takes qmasklk's seat, so qmasklk is less rude than hel
azxhyi takes cykyqisxyzna's seat, so cykyqisxyzna is less rude than azxhyi
zmtryjwav takes lyamvhzmis's seat, so lyamvhzmis is less rude than zmtryjwav
abqteutkaso takes xqfboioln's seat, so xqfboioln is less rude than abqteutkaso
hydbkw takes rigm's seat, so rigm is less rude than hydbkw
bnylmvvvpte takes zcmo's seat, so bnylmvvvpte is not less rude than zcmo
sdgdxxedtw takes txfxfopcsqu's seat, so sdgdxxedtw is not less rude than txfxfopcsqu
aotxyxvetqn takes ngorgrf's seat, so aotxyxvetqn is not less rude than ngorgrf
qvspevsjh takes tbunzanfe's seat, so qvspevsjh is not less rude than tbunzanfe
ckrmcbllpwb takes uww's seat, so ckrmcbllpwb is not less rude than uww
zcmo takes bnylmvvvpte's seat, so bnylmvvvpte is not more rude than zcmo
txfxfopcsqu takes sdgdxxedtw's seat, so sdgdxxedtw is not more rude than txfxfopcsqu
ngorgrf takes aotxyxvetqn's seat, so aotxyxvetqn is not more rude than ngorgrf
tbunzanfe takes qvspevsjh's seat, so qvspevsjh is not more rude than tbunzanfe
uww takes ckrmcbllpwb's seat, so ckrmcbllpwb is not more rude than uww
lwbvpsrim gives skhaf utterance, so lwbvpsrim is more kind than skhaf
hkpykt gives frnajtodu utterance, so hkpykt is more kind than frnajtodu
uricadmxry gives kzswzgmaeiit utterance, so uricadmxry is more kind than kzswzgmaeiit
mwxri gives gklfrpxbtmv utterance, so mwxri is more kind than gklfrpxbtmv
jkygrnkrmy gives hahjcpqcn utterance, so jkygrnkrmy is more kind than hahjcpqcn
lwbvpsrim gives skhaf utterance, so skhaf is less kind than lwbvpsrim
hkpykt gives frnajtodu utterance, so frnajtodu is less kind than hkpykt
uricadmxry gives kzswzgmaeiit utterance, so kzswzgmaeiit is less kind than uricadmxry
mwxri gives gklfrpxbtmv utterance, so gklfrpxbtmv is less kind than mwxri
jkygrnkrmy gives hahjcpqcn utterance, so hahjcpqcn is less kind than jkygrnkrmy
edlkphrhl gives snnyyh utterance, so edlkphrhl is not less kind than snnyyh
qitihuo gives qevgzzbfamwu utterance, so qitihuo is not less kind than qevgzzbfamwu
aqavbxvkx gives qzclidzlajv utterance, so aqavbxvkx is not less kind than qzclidzlajv
fvnllroirvhn gives fzbndmorck utterance, so fvnllroirvhn is not less kind than fzbndmorck
fhshebtrer gives slig utterance, so fhshebtrer is not less kind than slig
snnyyh gives edlkphrhl utterance, so edlkphrhl is not less kind than snnyyh
qevgzzbfamwu gives qitihuo utterance, so qitihuo is not less kind than qevgzzbfamwu
qzclidzlajv gives aqavbxvkx utterance, so aqavbxvkx is not less kind than qzclidzlajv
fzbndmorck gives fvnllroirvhn utterance, so fvnllroirvhn is not less kind than fzbndmorck
slig gives fhshebtrer utterance, so fhshebtrer is not less kind than slig
vvxfqtnhar tells eklpcjchqoe yesterday, so vvxfqtnhar is more talkative than eklpcjchqoe
envqv tells shrvshyex yesterday, so envqv is more talkative than shrvshyex
ozdrhoice tells xqxajmp yesterday, so ozdrhoice is more talkative than xqxajmp
crfeubvgvdu tells qwja yesterday, so crfeubvgvdu is more talkative than qwja
wpby tells puucakvjo yesterday, so wpby is more talkative than puucakvjo
vvxfqtnhar tells eklpcjchqoe yesterday, so eklpcjchqoe is less talkative than vvxfqtnhar
envqv tells shrvshyex yesterday, so shrvshyex is less talkative than envqv
ozdrhoice tells xqxajmp yesterday, so xqxajmp is less talkative than ozdrhoice
crfeubvgvdu tells qwja yesterday, so qwja is less talkative than crfeubvgvdu
wpby tells puucakvjo yesterday, so puucakvjo is less talkative than wpby
oesulkmhcwuq tells mfuxhwc yesterday, so oesulkmhcwuq is not less talkative than mfuxhwc
wpbyvcawk tells ksadgom yesterday, so wpbyvcawk is not less talkative than ksadgom
njztb tells cjygeoroczs yesterday, so njztb is not less talkative than cjygeoroczs
ral tells bvpa yesterday, so ral is not less talkative than bvpa
iqirxumntok tells qsccpjaohovp yesterday, so iqirxumntok is not less talkative than qsccpjaohovp
mfuxhwc tells oesulkmhcwuq yesterday, so oesulkmhcwuq is not more talkative than mfuxhwc
ksadgom tells wpbyvcawk yesterday, so wpbyvcawk is not more talkative than ksadgom
cjygeoroczs tells njztb yesterday, so njztb is not more talkative than cjygeoroczs
bvpa tells ral yesterday, so ral is not more talkative than bvpa
qsccpjaohovp tells iqirxumntok yesterday, so iqirxumntok is not more talkative than qsccpjaohovp
puvt is discovered in pwbsrjp's bed, so puvt is less shady than pwbsrjp
hslehh is discovered in uzsjrzu's bed, so hslehh is less shady than uzsjrzu
adf is discovered in lajibmtcbz's bed, so adf is less shady than lajibmtcbz
vrj is discovered in iyqls's bed, so vrj is less shady than iyqls
xsgxn is discovered in trsuric's bed, so xsgxn is less shady than trsuric
puvt is discovered in pwbsrjp's bed, so pwbsrjp is less shady than puvt
hslehh is discovered in uzsjrzu's bed, so uzsjrzu is less shady than hslehh
adf is discovered in lajibmtcbz's bed, so lajibmtcbz is less shady than adf
vrj is discovered in iyqls's bed, so iyqls is less shady than vrj
xsgxn is discovered in trsuric's bed, so trsuric is less shady than xsgxn
tbazjyd is discovered in efmoh's bed, so tbazjyd is not less shady than efmoh
nrrqojbak is discovered in ssgppxdkzxj's bed, so nrrqojbak is not less shady than ssgppxdkzxj
snjfwx is discovered in ethbqthkydd's bed, so snjfwx is not less shady than ethbqthkydd
bphqh is discovered in uuqmg's bed, so bphqh is not less shady than uuqmg
yidekirc is discovered in lsysusolx's bed, so yidekirc is not less shady than lsysusolx
efmoh is discovered in tbazjyd's bed, so tbazjyd is not more shady than efmoh
ssgppxdkzxj is discovered in nrrqojbak's bed, so nrrqojbak is not more shady than ssgppxdkzxj
ethbqthkydd is discovered in snjfwx's bed, so snjfwx is not more shady than ethbqthkydd
uuqmg is discovered in bphqh's bed, so bphqh is not more shady than uuqmg
lsysusolx is discovered in yidekirc's bed, so yidekirc is not more shady than lsysusolx
bvmtfjkie sells ttmkcs's products, so bvmtfjkie is more optimistic than ttmkcs
pcaofxtvrke sells fszvgqeq's products, so pcaofxtvrke is more optimistic than fszvgqeq
kpyw sells iqptqnwh's products, so kpyw is more optimistic than iqptqnwh
kraikakg sells qqjcmeroa's products, so kraikakg is more optimistic than qqjcmeroa
psglkwcucrv sells vsrqbrvghv's products, so psglkwcucrv is more optimistic than vsrqbrvghv
bvmtfjkie sells ttmkcs's products, so ttmkcs is less optimistic than bvmtfjkie
pcaofxtvrke sells fszvgqeq's products, so fszvgqeq is less optimistic than pcaofxtvrke
kpyw sells iqptqnwh's products, so iqptqnwh is less optimistic than kpyw
kraikakg sells qqjcmeroa's products, so qqjcmeroa is less optimistic than kraikakg
psglkwcucrv sells vsrqbrvghv's products, so vsrqbrvghv is less optimistic than psglkwcucrv
tnsskfwhq sells dtaqqmktlx's products, so tnsskfwhq is not less optimistic than dtaqqmktlx
iwzgmbg sells ojmwsgxxzalo's products, so iwzgmbg is not less optimistic than ojmwsgxxzalo
fjawhrstzq sells zvi's products, so fjawhrstzq is not less optimistic than zvi
unqmjqm sells bdzoxbgv's products, so unqmjqm is not less optimistic than bdzoxbgv
yaiuahw sells ivyozipx's products, so yaiuahw is not less optimistic than ivyozipx
dtaqqmktlx sells tnsskfwhq's products, so tnsskfwhq is not more optimistic than dtaqqmktlx
ojmwsgxxzalo sells iwzgmbg's products, so iwzgmbg is not more optimistic than ojmwsgxxzalo
zvi sells fjawhrstzq's products, so fjawhrstzq is not more optimistic than zvi
bdzoxbgv sells unqmjqm's products, so unqmjqm is not more optimistic than bdzoxbgv
ivyozipx sells yaiuahw's products, so yaiuahw is not more optimistic than ivyozipx
ldp drives wjxwzrk's home, so ldp is more good than wjxwzrk
lktaqps drives viisyi's home, so lktaqps is more good than viisyi
sdgzpj drives syaqavos's home, so sdgzpj is more good than syaqavos
zcmpryseavm drives fsawqym's home, so zcmpryseavm is more good than fsawqym
vza drives iyh's home, so vza is more good than iyh
ldp drives wjxwzrk's home, so wjxwzrk is less good than ldp
lktaqps drives viisyi's home, so viisyi is less good than lktaqps
sdgzpj drives syaqavos's home, so syaqavos is less good than sdgzpj
zcmpryseavm drives fsawqym's home, so fsawqym is less good than zcmpryseavm
vza drives iyh's home, so iyh is less good than vza
kjxeshcbh drives crkx's home, so kjxeshcbh is not less good than crkx
unvclzuliaor drives kakakalgwf's home, so unvclzuliaor is not less good than kakakalgwf
kmxrtryhu drives xuc's home, so kmxrtryhu is not less good than xuc
lxpcyqxgwuj drives wjdxblbn's home, so lxpcyqxgwuj is not less good than wjdxblbn
bqf drives nhxfku's home, so bqf is not less good than nhxfku
crkx drives kjxeshcbh's home, so kjxeshcbh is not more good than crkx
kakakalgwf drives unvclzuliaor's home, so unvclzuliaor is not more good than kakakalgwf
xuc drives kmxrtryhu's home, so kmxrtryhu is not more good than xuc
wjdxblbn drives lxpcyqxgwuj's home, so lxpcyqxgwuj is not more good than wjdxblbn
nhxfku drives bqf's home, so bqf is not more good than nhxfku
xqvnkar walks in phxy's neighborhood, so xqvnkar is more brave than phxy
sclpcmjuxjii walks in wdkbdniv's neighborhood, so sclpcmjuxjii is more brave than wdkbdniv
gvdpwby walks in snvmciulex's neighborhood, so gvdpwby is more brave than snvmciulex
nmxahzqz walks in ftnowbt's neighborhood, so nmxahzqz is more brave than ftnowbt
ajvchrjeonp walks in pxyqdeoqgm's neighborhood, so ajvchrjeonp is more brave than pxyqdeoqgm
xqvnkar walks in phxy's neighborhood, so phxy is less brave than xqvnkar
sclpcmjuxjii walks in wdkbdniv's neighborhood, so wdkbdniv is less brave than sclpcmjuxjii
gvdpwby walks in snvmciulex's neighborhood, so snvmciulex is less brave than gvdpwby
nmxahzqz walks in ftnowbt's neighborhood, so ftnowbt is less brave than nmxahzqz
ajvchrjeonp walks in pxyqdeoqgm's neighborhood, so pxyqdeoqgm is less brave than ajvchrjeonp
clkwansrm walks in ezzaygz's neighborhood, so clkwansrm is not less brave than ezzaygz
ecv walks in xktewml's neighborhood, so ecv is not less brave than xktewml
xzopfw walks in madrmfesf's neighborhood, so xzopfw is not less brave than madrmfesf
zhnrv walks in ivtdocbakhie's neighborhood, so zhnrv is not less brave than ivtdocbakhie
hehkiwj walks in hzytdw's neighborhood, so hehkiwj is not less brave than hzytdw
ezzaygz walks in clkwansrm's neighborhood, so clkwansrm is not more brave than ezzaygz
xktewml walks in ecv's neighborhood, so ecv is not more brave than xktewml
madrmfesf walks in xzopfw's neighborhood, so xzopfw is not more brave than madrmfesf
ivtdocbakhie walks in zhnrv's neighborhood, so zhnrv is not more brave than ivtdocbakhie
hzytdw walks in hehkiwj's neighborhood, so hehkiwj is not more brave than hzytdw
gtyzfrta brings ydcbv's home, so gtyzfrta is more agreeable than ydcbv
kxrrzmha brings kpahpioei's home, so kxrrzmha is more agreeable than kpahpioei
vezoyxnvzb brings flfnspyhd's home, so vezoyxnvzb is more agreeable than flfnspyhd
yilytu brings bzcl's home, so yilytu is more agreeable than bzcl
tbkprrpv brings fgk's home, so tbkprrpv is more agreeable than fgk
gtyzfrta brings ydcbv's home, so ydcbv is less agreeable than gtyzfrta
kxrrzmha brings kpahpioei's home, so kpahpioei is less agreeable than kxrrzmha
vezoyxnvzb brings flfnspyhd's home, so flfnspyhd is less agreeable than vezoyxnvzb
yilytu brings bzcl's home, so bzcl is less agreeable than yilytu
tbkprrpv brings fgk's home, so fgk is less agreeable than tbkprrpv
hbtcno brings ipfdik's home, so hbtcno is not less agreeable than ipfdik
effpx brings gwun's home, so effpx is not less agreeable than gwun
ohjhower brings miovdinsr's home, so ohjhower is not less agreeable than miovdinsr
qkbnjyaadfe brings zhyntiqh's home, so qkbnjyaadfe is not less agreeable than zhyntiqh
whpwddxa brings akmuvmis's home, so whpwddxa is not less agreeable than akmuvmis
ipfdik brings hbtcno's home, so hbtcno is not more agreeable than ipfdik
gwun brings effpx's home, so effpx is not more agreeable than gwun
miovdinsr brings ohjhower's home, so ohjhower is not more agreeable than miovdinsr
zhyntiqh brings qkbnjyaadfe's home, so qkbnjyaadfe is not more agreeable than zhyntiqh
akmuvmis brings whpwddxa's home, so whpwddxa is not more agreeable than akmuvmis
sopdvbg finds it under xajofvnpit's bed, so sopdvbg is less mischievious than xajofvnpit
wernpeiqjbb finds it under hpgxogj's bed, so wernpeiqjbb is less mischievious than hpgxogj
ixch finds it under euugpwqf's bed, so ixch is less mischievious than euugpwqf
zvyqm finds it under zwzlkcqqopl's bed, so zvyqm is less mischievious than zwzlkcqqopl
bewglvwrm finds it under pbxmzikwkasm's bed, so bewglvwrm is less mischievious than pbxmzikwkasm
sopdvbg finds it under xajofvnpit's bed, so xajofvnpit is less mischievious than sopdvbg
wernpeiqjbb finds it under hpgxogj's bed, so hpgxogj is less mischievious than wernpeiqjbb
ixch finds it under euugpwqf's bed, so euugpwqf is less mischievious than ixch
zvyqm finds it under zwzlkcqqopl's bed, so zwzlkcqqopl is less mischievious than zvyqm
bewglvwrm finds it under pbxmzikwkasm's bed, so pbxmzikwkasm is less mischievious than bewglvwrm
gfumxgh finds it under nnbabdq's bed, so gfumxgh is not less mischievious than nnbabdq
apvfu finds it under scszvwecz's bed, so apvfu is not less mischievious than scszvwecz
mllslso finds it under wyjx's bed, so mllslso is not less mischievious than wyjx
zhsktkopbjrl finds it under kdluczqt's bed, so zhsktkopbjrl is not less mischievious than kdluczqt
bwz finds it under ixrvwms's bed, so bwz is not less mischievious than ixrvwms
nnbabdq finds it under gfumxgh's bed, so gfumxgh is not more mischievious than nnbabdq
scszvwecz finds it under apvfu's bed, so apvfu is not more mischievious than scszvwecz
wyjx finds it under mllslso's bed, so mllslso is not more mischievious than wyjx
kdluczqt finds it under zhsktkopbjrl's bed, so zhsktkopbjrl is not more mischievious than kdluczqt
ixrvwms finds it under bwz's bed, so bwz is not more mischievious than ixrvwms
pxfa runs more risk than jtjixhtcosj, so pxfa is less adventurous than jtjixhtcosj
bgtvilcdbhac runs more risk than rloznqno, so bgtvilcdbhac is less adventurous than rloznqno
avmgac runs more risk than htthxjvbsip, so avmgac is less adventurous than htthxjvbsip
mxk runs more risk than nucpzwademr, so mxk is less adventurous than nucpzwademr
tfjxykxwvv runs more risk than nwphiar, so tfjxykxwvv is less adventurous than nwphiar
pxfa runs more risk than jtjixhtcosj, so jtjixhtcosj is less adventurous than pxfa
bgtvilcdbhac runs more risk than rloznqno, so rloznqno is less adventurous than bgtvilcdbhac
avmgac runs more risk than htthxjvbsip, so htthxjvbsip is less adventurous than avmgac
mxk runs more risk than nucpzwademr, so nucpzwademr is less adventurous than mxk
tfjxykxwvv runs more risk than nwphiar, so nwphiar is less adventurous than tfjxykxwvv
texgdfb is not less adventurous than vivrtjlpwui, so texgdfb is not less adventurous than vivrtjlpwui
jikxhrdctmpj is not less adventurous than emopculefab, so jikxhrdctmpj is not less adventurous than emopculefab
vkdfm is not less adventurous than lzje, so vkdfm is not less adventurous than lzje
ljqfdi is not less adventurous than zsjlrmv, so ljqfdi is not less adventurous than zsjlrmv
fnzspchqro is not less adventurous than ntmfel, so fnzspchqro is not less adventurous than ntmfel
vivrtjlpwui is not more adventurous than texgdfb, so texgdfb is not more adventurous than vivrtjlpwui
emopculefab is not more adventurous than jikxhrdctmpj, so jikxhrdctmpj is not more adventurous than emopculefab
lzje is not more adventurous than vkdfm, so vkdfm is not more adventurous than lzje
zsjlrmv is not more adventurous than ljqfdi, so ljqfdi is not more adventurous than zsjlrmv
ntmfel is not more adventurous than fnzspchqro, so fnzspchqro is not more adventurous than ntmfel
tyauqhn learns nikbjtv's lesson, so tyauqhn is more ashamed than nikbjtv
mrlsb learns lgyjweneizh's lesson, so mrlsb is more ashamed than lgyjweneizh
ocjjzweyhr learns nqku's lesson, so ocjjzweyhr is more ashamed than nqku
aoenn learns ptgupq's lesson, so aoenn is more ashamed than ptgupq
itbhmrfmroh learns ggfvjrynxfjf's lesson, so itbhmrfmroh is more ashamed than ggfvjrynxfjf
tyauqhn learns nikbjtv's lesson, so nikbjtv is less ashamed than tyauqhn
mrlsb learns lgyjweneizh's lesson, so lgyjweneizh is less ashamed than mrlsb
ocjjzweyhr learns nqku's lesson, so nqku is less ashamed than ocjjzweyhr
aoenn learns ptgupq's lesson, so ptgupq is less ashamed than aoenn
itbhmrfmroh learns ggfvjrynxfjf's lesson, so ggfvjrynxfjf is less ashamed than itbhmrfmroh
fprxfen learns wpqiacxn's lesson, so fprxfen is not less ashamed than wpqiacxn
ruw learns xitbfr's lesson, so ruw is not less ashamed than xitbfr
zwfmebcsr learns gol's lesson, so zwfmebcsr is not less ashamed than gol
gkbnpzkx learns vcj's lesson, so gkbnpzkx is not less ashamed than vcj
otqdogr learns xbdzhx's lesson, so otqdogr is not less ashamed than xbdzhx
wpqiacxn learns fprxfen's lesson, so fprxfen is not more ashamed than wpqiacxn
xitbfr learns ruw's lesson, so ruw is not more ashamed than xitbfr
gol learns zwfmebcsr's lesson, so zwfmebcsr is not more ashamed than gol
vcj learns gkbnpzkx's lesson, so gkbnpzkx is not more ashamed than vcj
xbdzhx learns otqdogr's lesson, so otqdogr is not more ashamed than xbdzhx
cqywmul rolls onto aepzxcniwn's side, so cqywmul is more awkward than aepzxcniwn
oqta rolls onto whomowvnuo's side, so oqta is more awkward than whomowvnuo
mezsetgyqom rolls onto ofykpuuy's side, so mezsetgyqom is more awkward than ofykpuuy
bbpjlnsabrdw rolls onto jhlabuoojsu's side, so bbpjlnsabrdw is more awkward than jhlabuoojsu
wnjrtvm rolls onto eudghh's side, so wnjrtvm is more awkward than eudghh
cqywmul rolls onto aepzxcniwn's side, so aepzxcniwn is less awkward than cqywmul
oqta rolls onto whomowvnuo's side, so whomowvnuo is less awkward than oqta
mezsetgyqom rolls onto ofykpuuy's side, so ofykpuuy is less awkward than mezsetgyqom
bbpjlnsabrdw rolls onto jhlabuoojsu's side, so jhlabuoojsu is less awkward than bbpjlnsabrdw
wnjrtvm rolls onto eudghh's side, so eudghh is less awkward than wnjrtvm
wyltun rolls onto damch's side, so wyltun is not less awkward than damch
bkkffupknkf rolls onto qfiv's side, so bkkffupknkf is not less awkward than qfiv
kwjdspnb rolls onto ekucsaainr's side, so kwjdspnb is not less awkward than ekucsaainr
ifnn rolls onto wqkwzakmlyp's side, so ifnn is not less awkward than wqkwzakmlyp
pneurvwnis rolls onto ogi's side, so pneurvwnis is not less awkward than ogi
damch rolls onto wyltun's side, so wyltun is not more awkward than damch
qfiv rolls onto bkkffupknkf's side, so bkkffupknkf is not more awkward than qfiv
ekucsaainr rolls onto kwjdspnb's side, so kwjdspnb is not more awkward than ekucsaainr
wqkwzakmlyp rolls onto ifnn's side, so ifnn is not more awkward than wqkwzakmlyp
ogi rolls onto pneurvwnis's side, so pneurvwnis is not more awkward than ogi
tmwvocxqxj makes bxroxgh order, so tmwvocxqxj is more charming than bxroxgh
ngjsqmwzccq makes jbj order, so ngjsqmwzccq is more charming than jbj
vgvtkgwj makes aqeabnmahe order, so vgvtkgwj is more charming than aqeabnmahe
ckuvpaobbu makes pqqhpozmxwl order, so ckuvpaobbu is more charming than pqqhpozmxwl
vkg makes efsiewbf order, so vkg is more charming than efsiewbf
tmwvocxqxj makes bxroxgh order, so bxroxgh is less charming than tmwvocxqxj
ngjsqmwzccq makes jbj order, so jbj is less charming than ngjsqmwzccq
vgvtkgwj makes aqeabnmahe order, so aqeabnmahe is less charming than vgvtkgwj
ckuvpaobbu makes pqqhpozmxwl order, so pqqhpozmxwl is less charming than ckuvpaobbu
vkg makes efsiewbf order, so efsiewbf is less charming than vkg
buzkajuf makes qktnhbafvwuj order, so buzkajuf is not less charming than qktnhbafvwuj
khvgj makes ogkpidsjijhj order, so khvgj is not less charming than ogkpidsjijhj
xmgfiqihezxl makes xen order, so xmgfiqihezxl is not less charming than xen
fqfymvfwo makes jerdkdvhxc order, so fqfymvfwo is not less charming than jerdkdvhxc
shzqfec makes qzepoywkygn order, so shzqfec is not less charming than qzepoywkygn
qktnhbafvwuj makes buzkajuf order, so buzkajuf is not more charming than qktnhbafvwuj
ogkpidsjijhj makes khvgj order, so khvgj is not more charming than ogkpidsjijhj
xen makes xmgfiqihezxl order, so xmgfiqihezxl is not more charming than xen
jerdkdvhxc makes fqfymvfwo order, so fqfymvfwo is not more charming than jerdkdvhxc
qzepoywkygn makes shzqfec order, so shzqfec is not more charming than qzepoywkygn
hxgpxklowqj shuffles sxuuzzoznye's feet, so hxgpxklowqj is more disorienting than sxuuzzoznye
eptghwhbbgw shuffles pyh's feet, so eptghwhbbgw is more disorienting than pyh
ssimal shuffles qnp's feet, so ssimal is more disorienting than qnp
ulsea shuffles pgswsw's feet, so ulsea is more disorienting than pgswsw
cuy shuffles ckpxggjccytd's feet, so cuy is more disorienting than ckpxggjccytd
hxgpxklowqj shuffles sxuuzzoznye's feet, so sxuuzzoznye is less disorienting than hxgpxklowqj
eptghwhbbgw shuffles pyh's feet, so pyh is less disorienting than eptghwhbbgw
ssimal shuffles qnp's feet, so qnp is less disorienting than ssimal
ulsea shuffles pgswsw's feet, so pgswsw is less disorienting than ulsea
cuy shuffles ckpxggjccytd's feet, so ckpxggjccytd is less disorienting than cuy
fmayyy shuffles zgyptlwyhe's feet, so fmayyy is not less disorienting than zgyptlwyhe
vivfcrrm shuffles lucszvx's feet, so vivfcrrm is not less disorienting than lucszvx
gkklbzt shuffles zwbjgypqe's feet, so gkklbzt is not less disorienting than zwbjgypqe
zjxdm shuffles veox's feet, so zjxdm is not less disorienting than veox
bdbrybvltoxo shuffles ovachzay's feet, so bdbrybvltoxo is not less disorienting than ovachzay
zgyptlwyhe shuffles fmayyy's feet, so fmayyy is not more disorienting than zgyptlwyhe
lucszvx shuffles vivfcrrm's feet, so vivfcrrm is not more disorienting than lucszvx
zwbjgypqe shuffles gkklbzt's feet, so gkklbzt is not more disorienting than zwbjgypqe
veox shuffles zjxdm's feet, so zjxdm is not more disorienting than veox
ovachzay shuffles bdbrybvltoxo's feet, so bdbrybvltoxo is not more disorienting than ovachzay
ocrebx treats ivptas well, so ocrebx is more gentle than ivptas
tiibixpbuk treats gkcbvbodcu well, so tiibixpbuk is more gentle than gkcbvbodcu
pza treats uicoknmw well, so pza is more gentle than uicoknmw
xcbbznpe treats hzhzcsx well, so xcbbznpe is more gentle than hzhzcsx
ogehgkuewe treats wmfvxpbhszdh well, so ogehgkuewe is more gentle than wmfvxpbhszdh
ocrebx treats ivptas well, so ivptas is less gentle than ocrebx
tiibixpbuk treats gkcbvbodcu well, so gkcbvbodcu is less gentle than tiibixpbuk
pza treats uicoknmw well, so uicoknmw is less gentle than pza
xcbbznpe treats hzhzcsx well, so hzhzcsx is less gentle than xcbbznpe
ogehgkuewe treats wmfvxpbhszdh well, so wmfvxpbhszdh is less gentle than ogehgkuewe
wekfalb treats xmrfq well, so wekfalb is not less gentle than xmrfq
dpph treats lxscfi well, so dpph is not less gentle than lxscfi
ixdezewxcuhi treats rloza well, so ixdezewxcuhi is not less gentle than rloza
ykvmnqmhwxew treats lvbydsh well, so ykvmnqmhwxew is not less gentle than lvbydsh
sdewoa treats cnoznzrb well, so sdewoa is not less gentle than cnoznzrb
xmrfq treats wekfalb well, so wekfalb is not more gentle than xmrfq
lxscfi treats dpph well, so dpph is not more gentle than lxscfi
rloza treats ixdezewxcuhi well, so ixdezewxcuhi is not more gentle than rloza
lvbydsh treats ykvmnqmhwxew well, so ykvmnqmhwxew is not more gentle than lvbydsh
cnoznzrb treats sdewoa well, so sdewoa is not more gentle than cnoznzrb
evjwgmkzmyu covers ocavglt with kisses, so evjwgmkzmyu is less loving than ocavglt
aelr covers lmyaginpn with kisses, so aelr is less loving than lmyaginpn
wztd covers bect with kisses, so wztd is less loving than bect
efjcz covers nqbezcffvcti with kisses, so efjcz is less loving than nqbezcffvcti
oswmenhmyohs covers ywxh with kisses, so oswmenhmyohs is less loving than ywxh
evjwgmkzmyu covers ocavglt with kisses, so ocavglt is less loving than evjwgmkzmyu
aelr covers lmyaginpn with kisses, so lmyaginpn is less loving than aelr
wztd covers bect with kisses, so bect is less loving than wztd
efjcz covers nqbezcffvcti with kisses, so nqbezcffvcti is less loving than efjcz
oswmenhmyohs covers ywxh with kisses, so ywxh is less loving than oswmenhmyohs
fjwpqgusmh covers pvupxwevaifn with kisses, so fjwpqgusmh is not less loving than pvupxwevaifn
gncgktyg covers ttm with kisses, so gncgktyg is not less loving than ttm
kkhja covers dbdsk with kisses, so kkhja is not less loving than dbdsk
qhzxtnpsb covers jgehhcwjyokt with kisses, so qhzxtnpsb is not less loving than jgehhcwjyokt
wvvpn covers ipakhyigllqv with kisses, so wvvpn is not less loving than ipakhyigllqv
pvupxwevaifn covers fjwpqgusmh with kisses, so fjwpqgusmh is not more loving than pvupxwevaifn
ttm covers gncgktyg with kisses, so gncgktyg is not more loving than ttm
dbdsk covers kkhja with kisses, so kkhja is not more loving than dbdsk
jgehhcwjyokt covers qhzxtnpsb with kisses, so qhzxtnpsb is not more loving than jgehhcwjyokt
ipakhyigllqv covers wvvpn with kisses, so wvvpn is not more loving than ipakhyigllqv
wdecgc was going where hrsl was going, so wdecgc is more curious than hrsl
alofn was going where maorzi was going, so alofn is more curious than maorzi
lhy was going where rxqpl was going, so lhy is more curious than rxqpl
rjktgn was going where utviqmuoj was going, so rjktgn is more curious than utviqmuoj
rnspzmuio was going where luqcwnhmdl was going, so rnspzmuio is more curious than luqcwnhmdl
wdecgc asks hrsl where hrsl was going, so hrsl is less curious than wdecgc
alofn asks maorzi where maorzi was going, so maorzi is less curious than alofn
lhy asks rxqpl where rxqpl was going, so rxqpl is less curious than lhy
rjktgn asks utviqmuoj where utviqmuoj was going, so utviqmuoj is less curious than rjktgn
rnspzmuio asks luqcwnhmdl where luqcwnhmdl was going, so luqcwnhmdl is less curious than rnspzmuio
lqytpitbhp was going where msn was going, so lqytpitbhp is not less curious than msn
auamtioxq was going where tylq was going, so auamtioxq is not less curious than tylq
ufr was going where mlqxgxmktlwk was going, so ufr is not less curious than mlqxgxmktlwk
xjprrthupdd was going where qgxbatdcvjpj was going, so xjprrthupdd is not less curious than qgxbatdcvjpj
xkuqifwq was going where udzumi was going, so xkuqifwq is not less curious than udzumi
msn was going where lqytpitbhp was going, so lqytpitbhp is not more curious than msn
tylq was going where auamtioxq was going, so auamtioxq is not more curious than tylq
mlqxgxmktlwk was going where ufr was going, so ufr is not more curious than mlqxgxmktlwk
qgxbatdcvjpj was going where xjprrthupdd was going, so xjprrthupdd is not more curious than qgxbatdcvjpj
udzumi was going where xkuqifwq was going, so xkuqifwq is not more curious than udzumi
wdrglr snaps uoiypckljti's head off, so wdrglr is less aggressive than uoiypckljti
jlfahhz snaps rrtr's head off, so jlfahhz is less aggressive than rrtr
ybqq snaps bwghlnwhbj's head off, so ybqq is less aggressive than bwghlnwhbj
fsotrhkfec snaps venioedmfp's head off, so fsotrhkfec is less aggressive than venioedmfp
fttkikvqjfjd snaps sbzmqrdh's head off, so fttkikvqjfjd is less aggressive than sbzmqrdh
wdrglr snaps uoiypckljti's head off, so uoiypckljti is less aggressive than wdrglr
jlfahhz snaps rrtr's head off, so rrtr is less aggressive than jlfahhz
ybqq snaps bwghlnwhbj's head off, so bwghlnwhbj is less aggressive than ybqq
fsotrhkfec snaps venioedmfp's head off, so venioedmfp is less aggressive than fsotrhkfec
fttkikvqjfjd snaps sbzmqrdh's head off, so sbzmqrdh is less aggressive than fttkikvqjfjd
gcyggu snaps rztvtmgkvfzk's head off, so gcyggu is not less aggressive than rztvtmgkvfzk
kbhnw snaps qzfsvfhihqv's head off, so kbhnw is not less aggressive than qzfsvfhihqv
miwyzoaxngle snaps nvuwwwynqboe's head off, so miwyzoaxngle is not less aggressive than nvuwwwynqboe
cbicgsjkm snaps lfqt's head off, so cbicgsjkm is not less aggressive than lfqt
lgmnobcnr snaps bhvo's head off, so lgmnobcnr is not less aggressive than bhvo
rztvtmgkvfzk snaps gcyggu's head off, so gcyggu is not more aggressive than rztvtmgkvfzk
qzfsvfhihqv snaps kbhnw's head off, so kbhnw is not more aggressive than qzfsvfhihqv
nvuwwwynqboe snaps miwyzoaxngle's head off, so miwyzoaxngle is not more aggressive than nvuwwwynqboe
lfqt snaps cbicgsjkm's head off, so cbicgsjkm is not more aggressive than lfqt
bhvo snaps lgmnobcnr's head off, so lgmnobcnr is not more aggressive than bhvo
vanrjqjojh changes dqpol's diet, so vanrjqjojh is more motivated than dqpol
pkddastyemzo changes mucijew's diet, so pkddastyemzo is more motivated than mucijew
vivombyam changes pdplqmkv's diet, so vivombyam is more motivated than pdplqmkv
xicpnpd changes wkshisd's diet, so xicpnpd is more motivated than wkshisd
inycvejm changes ouxlez's diet, so inycvejm is more motivated than ouxlez
vanrjqjojh changes dqpol's diet, so dqpol is less motivated than vanrjqjojh
pkddastyemzo changes mucijew's diet, so mucijew is less motivated than pkddastyemzo
vivombyam changes pdplqmkv's diet, so pdplqmkv is less motivated than vivombyam
xicpnpd changes wkshisd's diet, so wkshisd is less motivated than xicpnpd
inycvejm changes ouxlez's diet, so ouxlez is less motivated than inycvejm
zlfogax changes rsnyquomu's diet, so zlfogax is not less motivated than rsnyquomu
xyxijhnaz changes ltu's diet, so xyxijhnaz is not less motivated than ltu
dgspdu changes bnhbaag's diet, so dgspdu is not less motivated than bnhbaag
vivc changes hgdq's diet, so vivc is not less motivated than hgdq
zeenxlidm changes vsk's diet, so zeenxlidm is not less motivated than vsk
rsnyquomu changes zlfogax's diet, so zlfogax is not more motivated than rsnyquomu
ltu changes xyxijhnaz's diet, so xyxijhnaz is not more motivated than ltu
bnhbaag changes dgspdu's diet, so dgspdu is not more motivated than bnhbaag
hgdq changes vivc's diet, so vivc is not more motivated than hgdq
vsk changes zeenxlidm's diet, so zeenxlidm is not more motivated than vsk
layfxat meets a girl named zxhvryod, so layfxat is more friendly than zxhvryod
igykqtkgfr meets a girl named pho, so igykqtkgfr is more friendly than pho
dikbe meets a girl named rmvlzo, so dikbe is more friendly than rmvlzo
vvrjuvaswskd meets a girl named ydluvxpc, so vvrjuvaswskd is more friendly than ydluvxpc
qveh meets a girl named jxeqnz, so qveh is more friendly than jxeqnz
layfxat meets a girl named zxhvryod, so zxhvryod is less friendly than layfxat
igykqtkgfr meets a girl named pho, so pho is less friendly than igykqtkgfr
dikbe meets a girl named rmvlzo, so rmvlzo is less friendly than dikbe
vvrjuvaswskd meets a girl named ydluvxpc, so ydluvxpc is less friendly than vvrjuvaswskd
qveh meets a girl named jxeqnz, so jxeqnz is less friendly than qveh
whkudpm meets a girl named dljecugucff, so whkudpm is not less friendly than dljecugucff
qahvfepj meets a girl named vhkwgyytowd, so qahvfepj is not less friendly than vhkwgyytowd
ltacqx meets a girl named dar, so ltacqx is not less friendly than dar
bipgu meets a girl named qcsgptuedbbr, so bipgu is not less friendly than qcsgptuedbbr
jfdqa meets a girl named rzfmuk, so jfdqa is not less friendly than rzfmuk
dljecugucff meets whkudpm, so whkudpm is not more friendly than dljecugucff
vhkwgyytowd meets qahvfepj, so qahvfepj is not more friendly than vhkwgyytowd
dar meets ltacqx, so ltacqx is not more friendly than dar
qcsgptuedbbr meets bipgu, so bipgu is not more friendly than qcsgptuedbbr
rzfmuk meets jfdqa, so jfdqa is not more friendly than rzfmuk
ucfdmcfjdzud lets hagwhck stay with him, so ucfdmcfjdzud is more open than hagwhck
bqel lets bdsqwz stay with him, so bqel is more open than bdsqwz
ebqt lets dnt stay with him, so ebqt is more open than dnt
zlfafgo lets vxfpyo stay with him, so zlfafgo is more open than vxfpyo
gucvyadwg lets aiwifz stay with him, so gucvyadwg is more open than aiwifz
ucfdmcfjdzud lets hagwhck stay with him, so hagwhck is less open than ucfdmcfjdzud
bqel lets bdsqwz stay with him, so bdsqwz is less open than bqel
ebqt lets dnt stay with him, so dnt is less open than ebqt
zlfafgo lets vxfpyo stay with him, so vxfpyo is less open than zlfafgo
gucvyadwg lets aiwifz stay with him, so aiwifz is less open than gucvyadwg
uyqheyyivva lets rcplwdr stay with him, so uyqheyyivva is not less open than rcplwdr
cyden lets nbtioioe stay with him, so cyden is not less open than nbtioioe
qnrplanmq lets lddhk stay with him, so qnrplanmq is not less open than lddhk
dzsmdkul lets wumgmzaw stay with him, so dzsmdkul is not less open than wumgmzaw
lvrqirywfsnj lets bwayjyzkz stay with him, so lvrqirywfsnj is not less open than bwayjyzkz
rcplwdr lets uyqheyyivva stay with him, so uyqheyyivva is not more open than rcplwdr
nbtioioe lets cyden stay with him, so cyden is not more open than nbtioioe
lddhk lets qnrplanmq stay with him, so qnrplanmq is not more open than lddhk
wumgmzaw lets dzsmdkul stay with him, so dzsmdkul is not more open than wumgmzaw
bwayjyzkz lets lvrqirywfsnj stay with him, so lvrqirywfsnj is not more open than bwayjyzkz
del requires lqydvszuw's attention, so del is more aggressive than lqydvszuw
hoplccl requires tvvlzj's attention, so hoplccl is more aggressive than tvvlzj
dmspikxfrcct requires zipbbjxk's attention, so dmspikxfrcct is more aggressive than zipbbjxk
gaxn requires objjeaqbjnii's attention, so gaxn is more aggressive than objjeaqbjnii
sqxgma requires yzek's attention, so sqxgma is more aggressive than yzek
del requires lqydvszuw's attention, so lqydvszuw is less aggressive than del
hoplccl requires tvvlzj's attention, so tvvlzj is less aggressive than hoplccl
dmspikxfrcct requires zipbbjxk's attention, so zipbbjxk is less aggressive than dmspikxfrcct
gaxn requires objjeaqbjnii's attention, so objjeaqbjnii is less aggressive than gaxn
sqxgma requires yzek's attention, so yzek is less aggressive than sqxgma
bjnz requires wvzpz's attention, so bjnz is not less aggressive than wvzpz
speqzl requires hvswqswxnpx's attention, so speqzl is not less aggressive than hvswqswxnpx
obolsnk requires zmxn's attention, so obolsnk is not less aggressive than zmxn
jdookqdjritx requires vjrtbobzi's attention, so jdookqdjritx is not less aggressive than vjrtbobzi
zyg requires jusvrpv's attention, so zyg is not less aggressive than jusvrpv
wvzpz requires bjnz's attention, so bjnz is not more aggressive than wvzpz
hvswqswxnpx requires speqzl's attention, so speqzl is not more aggressive than hvswqswxnpx
zmxn requires obolsnk's attention, so obolsnk is not more aggressive than zmxn
vjrtbobzi requires jdookqdjritx's attention, so jdookqdjritx is not more aggressive than vjrtbobzi
jusvrpv requires zyg's attention, so zyg is not more aggressive than jusvrpv
mouu suits zdx's purpose more than zdx, so mouu is more competent than zdx
auqxi suits jmbrqecyxi's purpose more than jmbrqecyxi, so auqxi is more competent than jmbrqecyxi
iiwqpof suits mamjznnf's purpose more than mamjznnf, so iiwqpof is more competent than mamjznnf
maupehgax suits szimfdlrznby's purpose more than szimfdlrznby, so maupehgax is more competent than szimfdlrznby
ofxj suits zohrn's purpose more than zohrn, so ofxj is more competent than zohrn
mouu suits zdx's purpose, so zdx is less competent than mouu
auqxi suits jmbrqecyxi's purpose, so jmbrqecyxi is less competent than auqxi
iiwqpof suits mamjznnf's purpose, so mamjznnf is less competent than iiwqpof
maupehgax suits szimfdlrznby's purpose, so szimfdlrznby is less competent than maupehgax
ofxj suits zohrn's purpose, so zohrn is less competent than ofxj
cdnyhjjzrc suits jjsbj's purpose, so cdnyhjjzrc is not less competent than jjsbj
ezgwojt suits guboitvjbm's purpose, so ezgwojt is not less competent than guboitvjbm
whyuqyn suits xwluat's purpose, so whyuqyn is not less competent than xwluat
ytmxhechwni suits xqko's purpose, so ytmxhechwni is not less competent than xqko
fknkya suits txd's purpose, so fknkya is not less competent than txd
jjsbj suits cdnyhjjzrc's purpose, so cdnyhjjzrc is not more competent than jjsbj
guboitvjbm suits ezgwojt's purpose, so ezgwojt is not more competent than guboitvjbm
xwluat suits whyuqyn's purpose, so whyuqyn is not more competent than xwluat
xqko suits ytmxhechwni's purpose, so ytmxhechwni is not more competent than xqko
txd suits fknkya's purpose, so fknkya is not more competent than txd
qrhfnplpcf distinguishes pevzinlooj from others from others, so qrhfnplpcf is more intelligent than pevzinlooj
jvkyuiry distinguishes isc from others from others, so jvkyuiry is more intelligent than isc
uhurhw distinguishes rihwgewjqfnn from others from others, so uhurhw is more intelligent than rihwgewjqfnn
dlbbzypnwz distinguishes yyenrx from others from others, so dlbbzypnwz is more intelligent than yyenrx
gsknwv distinguishes whrc from others from others, so gsknwv is more intelligent than whrc
qrhfnplpcf distinguishes pevzinlooj from others from others, so pevzinlooj is less intelligent than qrhfnplpcf
jvkyuiry distinguishes isc from others from others, so isc is less intelligent than jvkyuiry
uhurhw distinguishes rihwgewjqfnn from others from others, so rihwgewjqfnn is less intelligent than uhurhw
dlbbzypnwz distinguishes yyenrx from others from others, so yyenrx is less intelligent than dlbbzypnwz
gsknwv distinguishes whrc from others from others, so whrc is less intelligent than gsknwv
fzncpbaqn distinguishes lwknqdezlvf from others, so fzncpbaqn is not less intelligent than lwknqdezlvf
myo distinguishes flfeeg from others, so myo is not less intelligent than flfeeg
jfiru distinguishes apludx from others, so jfiru is not less intelligent than apludx
ttob distinguishes aajrf from others, so ttob is not less intelligent than aajrf
fnbbzxcxx distinguishes xfcyba from others, so fnbbzxcxx is not less intelligent than xfcyba
lwknqdezlvf is not more intelligent than fzncpbaqn, so fzncpbaqn is not more intelligent than lwknqdezlvf
flfeeg is not more intelligent than myo, so myo is not more intelligent than flfeeg
apludx is not more intelligent than jfiru, so jfiru is not more intelligent than apludx
aajrf is not more intelligent than ttob, so ttob is not more intelligent than aajrf
xfcyba is not more intelligent than fnbbzxcxx, so fnbbzxcxx is not more intelligent than xfcyba
xyqpb brings it to iuitcxubblgl's lips, so xyqpb is less caring than iuitcxubblgl
pzhhqtskaktm brings it to hqrdns's lips, so pzhhqtskaktm is less caring than hqrdns
vnlashnuki brings it to okkhpooiqtlg's lips, so vnlashnuki is less caring than okkhpooiqtlg
qsmzppp brings it to vzefbbofjnj's lips, so qsmzppp is less caring than vzefbbofjnj
bioc brings it to usojigj's lips, so bioc is less caring than usojigj
xyqpb brings it to iuitcxubblgl's lips, so iuitcxubblgl is less caring than xyqpb
pzhhqtskaktm brings it to hqrdns's lips, so hqrdns is less caring than pzhhqtskaktm
vnlashnuki brings it to okkhpooiqtlg's lips, so okkhpooiqtlg is less caring than vnlashnuki
qsmzppp brings it to vzefbbofjnj's lips, so vzefbbofjnj is less caring than qsmzppp
bioc brings it to usojigj's lips, so usojigj is less caring than bioc
fxsrlza brings it to sesjmmhvfh's lips, so fxsrlza is not less caring than sesjmmhvfh
ssmkqbbrrr brings it to glfc's lips, so ssmkqbbrrr is not less caring than glfc
dpiupkspo brings it to iar's lips, so dpiupkspo is not less caring than iar
evggahioe brings it to adaamy's lips, so evggahioe is not less caring than adaamy
hfrjbnam brings it to nfvxgzicwr's lips, so hfrjbnam is not less caring than nfvxgzicwr
sesjmmhvfh brings it to fxsrlza's lips, so fxsrlza is not more caring than sesjmmhvfh
glfc brings it to ssmkqbbrrr's lips, so ssmkqbbrrr is not more caring than glfc
iar brings it to dpiupkspo's lips, so dpiupkspo is not more caring than iar
adaamy brings it to evggahioe's lips, so evggahioe is not more caring than adaamy
nfvxgzicwr brings it to hfrjbnam's lips, so hfrjbnam is not more caring than nfvxgzicwr
wanmloug wants to tell jecurkda, so wanmloug is more worried than jecurkda
lujswyqrzmc wants to tell fogkhuvf, so lujswyqrzmc is more worried than fogkhuvf
xwkvmqnndvla wants to tell odeooci, so xwkvmqnndvla is more worried than odeooci
qgvsv wants to tell mkbekpyzuy, so qgvsv is more worried than mkbekpyzuy
lem wants to tell lcebcuwizxd, so lem is more worried than lcebcuwizxd
wanmloug wants to tell jecurkda, so jecurkda is less worried than wanmloug
lujswyqrzmc wants to tell fogkhuvf, so fogkhuvf is less worried than lujswyqrzmc
xwkvmqnndvla wants to tell odeooci, so odeooci is less worried than xwkvmqnndvla
qgvsv wants to tell mkbekpyzuy, so mkbekpyzuy is less worried than qgvsv
lem wants to tell lcebcuwizxd, so lcebcuwizxd is less worried than lem
rpfzoxyanh wants to tell eugihschspkz, so rpfzoxyanh is not less worried than eugihschspkz
utd wants to tell tnqolisz, so utd is not less worried than tnqolisz
mksedjzx wants to tell vpbjxgtdgov, so mksedjzx is not less worried than vpbjxgtdgov
elva wants to tell smuucxepd, so elva is not less worried than smuucxepd
htus wants to tell xhoulefekzvg, so htus is not less worried than xhoulefekzvg
eugihschspkz wants to tell rpfzoxyanh, so rpfzoxyanh is not more worried than eugihschspkz
tnqolisz wants to tell utd, so utd is not more worried than tnqolisz
vpbjxgtdgov wants to tell mksedjzx, so mksedjzx is not more worried than vpbjxgtdgov
smuucxepd wants to tell elva, so elva is not more worried than smuucxepd
xhoulefekzvg wants to tell htus, so htus is not more worried than xhoulefekzvg
rlcmemmsblge wraps my arms around simvdccr, so rlcmemmsblge is more passionate than simvdccr
felgjjgiy wraps my arms around pms, so felgjjgiy is more passionate than pms
gksmlspydlhf wraps my arms around itrbqivwmra, so gksmlspydlhf is more passionate than itrbqivwmra
loeeuujtiw wraps my arms around kgkrynxfbhcz, so loeeuujtiw is more passionate than kgkrynxfbhcz
juu wraps my arms around fjhjjs, so juu is more passionate than fjhjjs
rlcmemmsblge wraps my arms around simvdccr, so simvdccr is less passionate than rlcmemmsblge
felgjjgiy wraps my arms around pms, so pms is less passionate than felgjjgiy
gksmlspydlhf wraps my arms around itrbqivwmra, so itrbqivwmra is less passionate than gksmlspydlhf
loeeuujtiw wraps my arms around kgkrynxfbhcz, so kgkrynxfbhcz is less passionate than loeeuujtiw
juu wraps my arms around fjhjjs, so fjhjjs is less passionate than juu
tvxro wraps my arms around dbj, so tvxro is not less passionate than dbj
fmxe wraps my arms around iuuw, so fmxe is not less passionate than iuuw
jrsyi wraps my arms around fylbjalzqcs, so jrsyi is not less passionate than fylbjalzqcs
vqwp wraps my arms around wdfim, so vqwp is not less passionate than wdfim
xfiezkfxfygm wraps my arms around ayhob, so xfiezkfxfygm is not less passionate than ayhob
dbj wraps my arms around tvxro, so tvxro is not more passionate than dbj
iuuw wraps my arms around fmxe, so fmxe is not more passionate than iuuw
fylbjalzqcs wraps my arms around jrsyi, so jrsyi is not more passionate than fylbjalzqcs
wdfim wraps my arms around vqwp, so vqwp is not more passionate than wdfim
ayhob wraps my arms around xfiezkfxfygm, so xfiezkfxfygm is not more passionate than ayhob
pitwijxsxntx goes near ucupraroujgv, so pitwijxsxntx is more bold than ucupraroujgv
uniboijvtefs goes near ksdafmwgy, so uniboijvtefs is more bold than ksdafmwgy
ytznjrjsjc goes near enyqtnrhohy, so ytznjrjsjc is more bold than enyqtnrhohy
aerqpm goes near znsnditmczp, so aerqpm is more bold than znsnditmczp
ahwhqyv goes near socgnkbvxgqa, so ahwhqyv is more bold than socgnkbvxgqa
pitwijxsxntx goes near ucupraroujgv, so ucupraroujgv is less bold than pitwijxsxntx
uniboijvtefs goes near ksdafmwgy, so ksdafmwgy is less bold than uniboijvtefs
ytznjrjsjc goes near enyqtnrhohy, so enyqtnrhohy is less bold than ytznjrjsjc
aerqpm goes near znsnditmczp, so znsnditmczp is less bold than aerqpm
ahwhqyv goes near socgnkbvxgqa, so socgnkbvxgqa is less bold than ahwhqyv
mhobtzizjdid goes near hsmqwlami, so mhobtzizjdid is not less bold than hsmqwlami
idh goes near tqx, so idh is not less bold than tqx
tijt goes near lweguhcpp, so tijt is not less bold than lweguhcpp
tuulh goes near mav, so tuulh is not less bold than mav
prtseshscdbv goes near hpnbwpj, so prtseshscdbv is not less bold than hpnbwpj
hsmqwlami goes near mhobtzizjdid, so mhobtzizjdid is not more bold than hsmqwlami
tqx goes near idh, so idh is not more bold than tqx
lweguhcpp goes near tijt, so tijt is not more bold than lweguhcpp
mav goes near tuulh, so tuulh is not more bold than mav
hpnbwpj goes near prtseshscdbv, so prtseshscdbv is not more bold than hpnbwpj
kcqalotiqs gives fubjd the means to make money, so kcqalotiqs is less patronizing than fubjd
rzaihvr gives kcaqgbrt the means to make money, so rzaihvr is less patronizing than kcaqgbrt
jkzfca gives vmbispgnf the means to make money, so jkzfca is less patronizing than vmbispgnf
egsxlkbpub gives hjh the means to make money, so egsxlkbpub is less patronizing than hjh
ngk gives dkwkxwg the means to make money, so ngk is less patronizing than dkwkxwg
kcqalotiqs gives fubjd the means to make money, so fubjd is less patronizing than kcqalotiqs
rzaihvr gives kcaqgbrt the means to make money, so kcaqgbrt is less patronizing than rzaihvr
jkzfca gives vmbispgnf the means to make money, so vmbispgnf is less patronizing than jkzfca
egsxlkbpub gives hjh the means to make money, so hjh is less patronizing than egsxlkbpub
ngk gives dkwkxwg the means to make money, so dkwkxwg is less patronizing than ngk
zmcmpjvmzit gives imdm the means to be patronizing, so zmcmpjvmzit is not more patronizing than imdm
sjnpauhhwu gives hjvditxclo the means to be patronizing, so sjnpauhhwu is not more patronizing than hjvditxclo
zesl gives uex the means to be patronizing, so zesl is not more patronizing than uex
trjzojirbzn gives nlkzicf the means to be patronizing, so trjzojirbzn is not more patronizing than nlkzicf
tukb gives qneax the means to be patronizing, so tukb is not more patronizing than qneax
imdm gives zmcmpjvmzit the means to communicate, so zmcmpjvmzit is not more patronizing than imdm
hjvditxclo gives sjnpauhhwu the means to communicate, so sjnpauhhwu is not more patronizing than hjvditxclo
uex gives zesl the means to communicate, so zesl is not more patronizing than uex
nlkzicf gives trjzojirbzn the means to communicate, so trjzojirbzn is not more patronizing than nlkzicf
qneax gives tukb the means to communicate, so tukb is not more patronizing than qneax
kgca knows gle very well, so kgca is more friendly than gle
hfuakpehnkuq knows zkxvq very well, so hfuakpehnkuq is more friendly than zkxvq
pfziqbuxne knows btj very well, so pfziqbuxne is more friendly than btj
tccfsvbmthgx knows sxep very well, so tccfsvbmthgx is more friendly than sxep
sbyomdrtrgf knows qybfehypumcy very well, so sbyomdrtrgf is more friendly than qybfehypumcy
kgca knows gle very well, so gle is less friendly than kgca
hfuakpehnkuq knows zkxvq very well, so zkxvq is less friendly than hfuakpehnkuq
pfziqbuxne knows btj very well, so btj is less friendly than pfziqbuxne
tccfsvbmthgx knows sxep very well, so sxep is less friendly than tccfsvbmthgx
sbyomdrtrgf knows qybfehypumcy very well, so qybfehypumcy is less friendly than sbyomdrtrgf
hvbsrivuhlm knows fxkb very well, so hvbsrivuhlm is not less friendly than fxkb
hvm knows yve very well, so hvm is not less friendly than yve
mcmrrpnrb knows fslcgm very well, so mcmrrpnrb is not less friendly than fslcgm
cmr knows fbrq very well, so cmr is not less friendly than fbrq
ljoqjbvcmvo knows qojurwruafob very well, so ljoqjbvcmvo is not less friendly than qojurwruafob
fxkb knows hvbsrivuhlm very well, so hvbsrivuhlm is not more friendly than fxkb
yve knows hvm very well, so hvm is not more friendly than yve
fslcgm knows mcmrrpnrb very well, so mcmrrpnrb is not more friendly than fslcgm
fbrq knows cmr very well, so cmr is not more friendly than fbrq
qojurwruafob knows ljoqjbvcmvo very well, so ljoqjbvcmvo is not more friendly than qojurwruafob
jjzswazreg looks back at amg, so jjzswazreg is more curious than amg
tcalrr looks back at ikurxrtbms, so tcalrr is more curious than ikurxrtbms
lxy looks back at iyokptshqxp, so lxy is more curious than iyokptshqxp
fbzep looks back at xmz, so fbzep is more curious than xmz
erfhfymbmi looks back at xlnincbk, so erfhfymbmi is more curious than xlnincbk
jjzswazreg looks back at amg, so amg is less curious than jjzswazreg
tcalrr looks back at ikurxrtbms, so ikurxrtbms is less curious than tcalrr
lxy looks back at iyokptshqxp, so iyokptshqxp is less curious than lxy
fbzep looks back at xmz, so xmz is less curious than fbzep
erfhfymbmi looks back at xlnincbk, so xlnincbk is less curious than erfhfymbmi
ywfwjd looks back at fcfcwkck, so ywfwjd is not less curious than fcfcwkck
rylhsmbtruho looks back at obq, so rylhsmbtruho is not less curious than obq
jtxm looks back at bptsyevxu, so jtxm is not less curious than bptsyevxu
xxs looks back at cxtpy, so xxs is not less curious than cxtpy
geexlarcui looks back at ggkzbx, so geexlarcui is not less curious than ggkzbx
fcfcwkck looks back at ywfwjd, so ywfwjd is not more curious than fcfcwkck
obq looks back at rylhsmbtruho, so rylhsmbtruho is not more curious than obq
bptsyevxu looks back at jtxm, so jtxm is not more curious than bptsyevxu
cxtpy looks back at xxs, so xxs is not more curious than cxtpy
ggkzbx looks back at geexlarcui, so geexlarcui is not more curious than ggkzbx
pfnpgv grabs cffjhs's arms, so pfnpgv is more forceful than cffjhs
rgq grabs prv's arms, so rgq is more forceful than prv
icucqguv grabs wcxoahcim's arms, so icucqguv is more forceful than wcxoahcim
hnsgylrbv grabs hxumipbxzuh's arms, so hnsgylrbv is more forceful than hxumipbxzuh
cqzyzqox grabs peebbnvuxg's arms, so cqzyzqox is more forceful than peebbnvuxg
pfnpgv grabs cffjhs's arms, so cffjhs is less forceful than pfnpgv
rgq grabs prv's arms, so prv is less forceful than rgq
icucqguv grabs wcxoahcim's arms, so wcxoahcim is less forceful than icucqguv
hnsgylrbv grabs hxumipbxzuh's arms, so hxumipbxzuh is less forceful than hnsgylrbv
cqzyzqox grabs peebbnvuxg's arms, so peebbnvuxg is less forceful than cqzyzqox
hzyubxfmgywh grabs xmslxug's arms, so hzyubxfmgywh is not less forceful than xmslxug
qcfhnzu grabs iixb's arms, so qcfhnzu is not less forceful than iixb
uvv grabs twvzqsxtuube's arms, so uvv is not less forceful than twvzqsxtuube
abca grabs zgfxbjzwdvx's arms, so abca is not less forceful than zgfxbjzwdvx
qlawapwj grabs fixpdxzvrxv's arms, so qlawapwj is not less forceful than fixpdxzvrxv
xmslxug grabs hzyubxfmgywh's arms, so hzyubxfmgywh is not less forceful than xmslxug
iixb grabs qcfhnzu's arms, so qcfhnzu is not less forceful than iixb
twvzqsxtuube grabs uvv's arms, so uvv is not less forceful than twvzqsxtuube
zgfxbjzwdvx grabs abca's arms, so abca is not less forceful than zgfxbjzwdvx
fixpdxzvrxv grabs qlawapwj's arms, so qlawapwj is not less forceful than fixpdxzvrxv
sonalisgfnh creates illusion while rkabturfrkv does not, so sonalisgfnh is more imaginitive than rkabturfrkv
gkgymwlo creates illusion while imwh does not, so gkgymwlo is more imaginitive than imwh
ubup creates illusion while prp does not, so ubup is more imaginitive than prp
robvdvinjb creates illusion while ikc does not, so robvdvinjb is more imaginitive than ikc
mmmklndk creates illusion while knoaobkay does not, so mmmklndk is more imaginitive than knoaobkay
sonalisgfnh creates illusion while rkabturfrkv does not, so rkabturfrkv is less imaginitive than sonalisgfnh
gkgymwlo creates illusion while imwh does not, so imwh is less imaginitive than gkgymwlo
ubup creates illusion while prp does not, so prp is less imaginitive than ubup
robvdvinjb creates illusion while ikc does not, so ikc is less imaginitive than robvdvinjb
mmmklndk creates illusion while knoaobkay does not, so knoaobkay is less imaginitive than mmmklndk
golkx creates illusion while pijmivg does not, so golkx is not less imaginitive than pijmivg
axspeskpubs creates illusion while fkxaoyena does not, so axspeskpubs is not less imaginitive than fkxaoyena
bakigexz creates illusion while gwitiezyqher does not, so bakigexz is not less imaginitive than gwitiezyqher
dczbwyd creates illusion while peuaeg does not, so dczbwyd is not less imaginitive than peuaeg
ysrrsbdbufv creates illusion while wrbpc does not, so ysrrsbdbufv is not less imaginitive than wrbpc
pijmivg creates illusion while golkx does not, so golkx is not more imaginitive than pijmivg
fkxaoyena creates illusion while axspeskpubs does not, so axspeskpubs is not more imaginitive than fkxaoyena
gwitiezyqher creates illusion while bakigexz does not, so bakigexz is not more imaginitive than gwitiezyqher
peuaeg creates illusion while dczbwyd does not, so dczbwyd is not more imaginitive than peuaeg
wrbpc creates illusion while ysrrsbdbufv does not, so ysrrsbdbufv is not more imaginitive than wrbpc
bkxcnb takes bnxwuqpbt's phone, so bkxcnb is less sneaky than bnxwuqpbt
tlqvasppuwmu takes antw's phone, so tlqvasppuwmu is less sneaky than antw
bjvrtga takes gfvtirgzucn's phone, so bjvrtga is less sneaky than gfvtirgzucn
catfcj takes esvowcxsadze's phone, so catfcj is less sneaky than esvowcxsadze
ljo takes yiqcxomtuiu's phone, so ljo is less sneaky than yiqcxomtuiu
bkxcnb takes bnxwuqpbt's phone, so bnxwuqpbt is less sneaky than bkxcnb
tlqvasppuwmu takes antw's phone, so antw is less sneaky than tlqvasppuwmu
bjvrtga takes gfvtirgzucn's phone, so gfvtirgzucn is less sneaky than bjvrtga
catfcj takes esvowcxsadze's phone, so esvowcxsadze is less sneaky than catfcj
ljo takes yiqcxomtuiu's phone, so yiqcxomtuiu is less sneaky than ljo
atkv takes vvplmne's phone, so atkv is not less sneaky than vvplmne
nwojt takes wgaxb's phone, so nwojt is not less sneaky than wgaxb
fbu takes qhkbt's phone, so fbu is not less sneaky than qhkbt
xssmdf takes tvdppmhbx's phone, so xssmdf is not less sneaky than tvdppmhbx
egw takes qeihiqeigh's phone, so egw is not less sneaky than qeihiqeigh
vvplmne takes atkv's phone, so atkv is not more sneaky than vvplmne
wgaxb takes nwojt's phone, so nwojt is not more sneaky than wgaxb
qhkbt takes fbu's phone, so fbu is not more sneaky than qhkbt
tvdppmhbx takes xssmdf's phone, so xssmdf is not more sneaky than tvdppmhbx
qeihiqeigh takes egw's phone, so egw is not more sneaky than qeihiqeigh
zdsw lets omlwr go, so zdsw is less understanding than omlwr
utymznhua lets ftvofwgdf go, so utymznhua is less understanding than ftvofwgdf
dxfxmhebpbq lets lmo go, so dxfxmhebpbq is less understanding than lmo
rwuek lets khwlfyvcbz go, so rwuek is less understanding than khwlfyvcbz
jsdfgws lets nwgcccpje go, so jsdfgws is less understanding than nwgcccpje
zdsw lets omlwr go, so omlwr is less understanding than zdsw
utymznhua lets ftvofwgdf go, so ftvofwgdf is less understanding than utymznhua
dxfxmhebpbq lets lmo go, so lmo is less understanding than dxfxmhebpbq
rwuek lets khwlfyvcbz go, so khwlfyvcbz is less understanding than rwuek
jsdfgws lets nwgcccpje go, so nwgcccpje is less understanding than jsdfgws
ijnxonbojuh lets gxhbamwrf go, so ijnxonbojuh is not less understanding than gxhbamwrf
zfjuzhl lets wjmaadpd go, so zfjuzhl is not less understanding than wjmaadpd
gxdsnty lets ohosrn go, so gxdsnty is not less understanding than ohosrn
moriiotvdwrk lets lyjaqsscp go, so moriiotvdwrk is not less understanding than lyjaqsscp
xpoduuz lets qnow go, so xpoduuz is not less understanding than qnow
gxhbamwrf lets ijnxonbojuh go, so ijnxonbojuh is not more understanding than gxhbamwrf
wjmaadpd lets zfjuzhl go, so zfjuzhl is not more understanding than wjmaadpd
ohosrn lets gxdsnty go, so gxdsnty is not more understanding than ohosrn
lyjaqsscp lets moriiotvdwrk go, so moriiotvdwrk is not more understanding than lyjaqsscp
qnow lets xpoduuz go, so xpoduuz is not more understanding than qnow
nzjcxx approaches lxfxensjelu's crush, so nzjcxx is more hopeful than lxfxensjelu
ugyvbwkrd approaches cpanoygu's crush, so ugyvbwkrd is more hopeful than cpanoygu
wcflcmfzviu approaches qdruarudglz's crush, so wcflcmfzviu is more hopeful than qdruarudglz
buowb approaches uluvmdy's crush, so buowb is more hopeful than uluvmdy
hrypeukdnhht approaches lzhddrswagy's crush, so hrypeukdnhht is more hopeful than lzhddrswagy
nzjcxx approaches lxfxensjelu's crush, so lxfxensjelu is less hopeful than nzjcxx
ugyvbwkrd approaches cpanoygu's crush, so cpanoygu is less hopeful than ugyvbwkrd
wcflcmfzviu approaches qdruarudglz's crush, so qdruarudglz is less hopeful than wcflcmfzviu
buowb approaches uluvmdy's crush, so uluvmdy is less hopeful than buowb
hrypeukdnhht approaches lzhddrswagy's crush, so lzhddrswagy is less hopeful than hrypeukdnhht
kwwolu approaches unekujhdxyl's crush, so kwwolu is not less hopeful than unekujhdxyl
kdofowxk approaches zkhgfgvzcysa's crush, so kdofowxk is not less hopeful than zkhgfgvzcysa
nrjhopoao approaches qqnk's crush, so nrjhopoao is not less hopeful than qqnk
sjde approaches jdcpmcqaznlx's crush, so sjde is not less hopeful than jdcpmcqaznlx
izzjg approaches pbqrpioglpmi's crush, so izzjg is not less hopeful than pbqrpioglpmi
unekujhdxyl approaches kwwolu's crush, so kwwolu is not more hopeful than unekujhdxyl
zkhgfgvzcysa approaches kdofowxk's crush, so kdofowxk is not more hopeful than zkhgfgvzcysa
qqnk approaches nrjhopoao's crush, so nrjhopoao is not more hopeful than qqnk
jdcpmcqaznlx approaches sjde's crush, so sjde is not more hopeful than jdcpmcqaznlx
pbqrpioglpmi approaches izzjg's crush, so izzjg is not more hopeful than pbqrpioglpmi
tukwogefssyd hears rypvxylczicz's words more than rypvxylczicz, so tukwogefssyd is more patient than rypvxylczicz
fyi hears jxcxzyjkbhkm's words more than jxcxzyjkbhkm, so fyi is more patient than jxcxzyjkbhkm
blqjaqupxct hears oqdqvtz's words more than oqdqvtz, so blqjaqupxct is more patient than oqdqvtz
msswihoimg hears jhlpl's words more than jhlpl, so msswihoimg is more patient than jhlpl
jnnz hears ibzvazevhrz's words more than ibzvazevhrz, so jnnz is more patient than ibzvazevhrz
tukwogefssyd hears rypvxylczicz's words, so rypvxylczicz is less patient than tukwogefssyd
fyi hears jxcxzyjkbhkm's words, so jxcxzyjkbhkm is less patient than fyi
blqjaqupxct hears oqdqvtz's words, so oqdqvtz is less patient than blqjaqupxct
msswihoimg hears jhlpl's words, so jhlpl is less patient than msswihoimg
jnnz hears ibzvazevhrz's words, so ibzvazevhrz is less patient than jnnz
rmcfpvnjkmm hears tzjshrl's words, so rmcfpvnjkmm is not less patient than tzjshrl
rahqiphogoqy hears pmygald's words, so rahqiphogoqy is not less patient than pmygald
civjvzjvkpgi hears qjpalaqh's words, so civjvzjvkpgi is not less patient than qjpalaqh
ecjsmqxqizv hears fln's words, so ecjsmqxqizv is not less patient than fln
qylisfore hears eztdmp's words, so qylisfore is not less patient than eztdmp
tzjshrl hears rmcfpvnjkmm's words, so rmcfpvnjkmm is not more patient than tzjshrl
pmygald hears rahqiphogoqy's words, so rahqiphogoqy is not more patient than pmygald
qjpalaqh hears civjvzjvkpgi's words, so civjvzjvkpgi is not more patient than qjpalaqh
fln hears ecjsmqxqizv's words, so ecjsmqxqizv is not more patient than fln
eztdmp hears qylisfore's words, so qylisfore is not more patient than eztdmp
lxibhzow uses uhnyjynxwpp's cell phone, so lxibhzow is more friendly than uhnyjynxwpp
hwlarcrpx uses slxprfjvgow's cell phone, so hwlarcrpx is more friendly than slxprfjvgow
xuuz uses ddhxcagyf's cell phone, so xuuz is more friendly than ddhxcagyf
gcuxqh uses lvnfpfbvb's cell phone, so gcuxqh is more friendly than lvnfpfbvb
lgydijtuintc uses uuevzzg's cell phone, so lgydijtuintc is more friendly than uuevzzg
lxibhzow uses uhnyjynxwpp's cell phone, so uhnyjynxwpp is less friendly than lxibhzow
hwlarcrpx uses slxprfjvgow's cell phone, so slxprfjvgow is less friendly than hwlarcrpx
xuuz uses ddhxcagyf's cell phone, so ddhxcagyf is less friendly than xuuz
gcuxqh uses lvnfpfbvb's cell phone, so lvnfpfbvb is less friendly than gcuxqh
lgydijtuintc uses uuevzzg's cell phone, so uuevzzg is less friendly than lgydijtuintc
hhzyl uses utssryhhdzba's cell phone, so hhzyl is not less friendly than utssryhhdzba
cdkugme uses eojcvxny's cell phone, so cdkugme is not less friendly than eojcvxny
ixpmlwbl uses iqtqyujfjzp's cell phone, so ixpmlwbl is not less friendly than iqtqyujfjzp
sll uses qmcwppstrc's cell phone, so sll is not less friendly than qmcwppstrc
zyir uses kaijtw's cell phone, so zyir is not less friendly than kaijtw
utssryhhdzba uses hhzyl's cell phone, so hhzyl is not more friendly than utssryhhdzba
eojcvxny uses cdkugme's cell phone, so cdkugme is not more friendly than eojcvxny
iqtqyujfjzp uses ixpmlwbl's cell phone, so ixpmlwbl is not more friendly than iqtqyujfjzp
qmcwppstrc uses sll's cell phone, so sll is not more friendly than qmcwppstrc
kaijtw uses zyir's cell phone, so zyir is not more friendly than kaijtw
eweanxvilbf continues to search for ugpxjkfjqfd, so eweanxvilbf is more determined than ugpxjkfjqfd
ltnacrfnnpkn continues to search for tjdotriwgt, so ltnacrfnnpkn is more determined than tjdotriwgt
wdlpuxcfyta continues to search for awzkicsoy, so wdlpuxcfyta is more determined than awzkicsoy
hkou continues to search for mfmkz, so hkou is more determined than mfmkz
snedmdx continues to search for oufs, so snedmdx is more determined than oufs
eweanxvilbf continues the search while ugpxjkfjqfd does not, so ugpxjkfjqfd is less determined than eweanxvilbf
ltnacrfnnpkn continues the search while tjdotriwgt does not, so tjdotriwgt is less determined than ltnacrfnnpkn
wdlpuxcfyta continues the search while awzkicsoy does not, so awzkicsoy is less determined than wdlpuxcfyta
hkou continues the search while mfmkz does not, so mfmkz is less determined than hkou
snedmdx continues the search while oufs does not, so oufs is less determined than snedmdx
njpetsfd continues the search while cnegghhb does not, so njpetsfd is not less determined than cnegghhb
mqa continues the search while dvnkfslausam does not, so mqa is not less determined than dvnkfslausam
nngghq continues the search while qtmvx does not, so nngghq is not less determined than qtmvx
xtqsuh continues the search while ydtm does not, so xtqsuh is not less determined than ydtm
avmjfepdtu continues the search while wpocbep does not, so avmjfepdtu is not less determined than wpocbep
cnegghhb is not more determined than njpetsfd, so njpetsfd is not more determined than cnegghhb
dvnkfslausam is not more determined than mqa, so mqa is not more determined than dvnkfslausam
qtmvx is not more determined than nngghq, so nngghq is not more determined than qtmvx
ydtm is not more determined than xtqsuh, so xtqsuh is not more determined than ydtm
wpocbep is not more determined than avmjfepdtu, so avmjfepdtu is not more determined than wpocbep
ydjhmnh cooks dinner for vhrspcglzan's family, so ydjhmnh is more responsible than vhrspcglzan
mqi cooks dinner for kaeoluzi's family, so mqi is more responsible than kaeoluzi
uopn cooks dinner for bnkpjtnu's family, so uopn is more responsible than bnkpjtnu
ddvhjycb cooks dinner for csubuogxne's family, so ddvhjycb is more responsible than csubuogxne
xcyvvtmbobf cooks dinner for ilzqbyle's family, so xcyvvtmbobf is more responsible than ilzqbyle
ydjhmnh cooks dinner for vhrspcglzan's family, so vhrspcglzan is less responsible than ydjhmnh
mqi cooks dinner for kaeoluzi's family, so kaeoluzi is less responsible than mqi
uopn cooks dinner for bnkpjtnu's family, so bnkpjtnu is less responsible than uopn
ddvhjycb cooks dinner for csubuogxne's family, so csubuogxne is less responsible than ddvhjycb
xcyvvtmbobf cooks dinner for ilzqbyle's family, so ilzqbyle is less responsible than xcyvvtmbobf
nrpxfeici cooks dinner for pmdeai's family, so nrpxfeici is not less responsible than pmdeai
fliuirawzc cooks dinner for upviajcnon's family, so fliuirawzc is not less responsible than upviajcnon
htw cooks dinner for hobqlrlgyxgc's family, so htw is not less responsible than hobqlrlgyxgc
pjbvjezu cooks dinner for lkx's family, so pjbvjezu is not less responsible than lkx
decoavzy cooks dinner for arlcxwgdvnnu's family, so decoavzy is not less responsible than arlcxwgdvnnu
pmdeai cooks dinner for nrpxfeici's family, so nrpxfeici is not more responsible than pmdeai
upviajcnon cooks dinner for fliuirawzc's family, so fliuirawzc is not more responsible than upviajcnon
hobqlrlgyxgc cooks dinner for htw's family, so htw is not more responsible than hobqlrlgyxgc
lkx cooks dinner for pjbvjezu's family, so pjbvjezu is not more responsible than lkx
arlcxwgdvnnu cooks dinner for decoavzy's family, so decoavzy is not more responsible than arlcxwgdvnnu
rblhqinx shoves kvhnprb away, so rblhqinx is more stubborn than kvhnprb
lqur shoves upg away, so lqur is more stubborn than upg
wictcqtqc shoves osdpyuyst away, so wictcqtqc is more stubborn than osdpyuyst
zviwucwvb shoves hjzuindcyn away, so zviwucwvb is more stubborn than hjzuindcyn
apgfogzntupr shoves htwwckxgyveu away, so apgfogzntupr is more stubborn than htwwckxgyveu
rblhqinx shoves kvhnprb away, so kvhnprb is less stubborn than rblhqinx
lqur shoves upg away, so upg is less stubborn than lqur
wictcqtqc shoves osdpyuyst away, so osdpyuyst is less stubborn than wictcqtqc
zviwucwvb shoves hjzuindcyn away, so hjzuindcyn is less stubborn than zviwucwvb
apgfogzntupr shoves htwwckxgyveu away, so htwwckxgyveu is less stubborn than apgfogzntupr
pllfovxr shoves ukhtskpim away, so pllfovxr is not less stubborn than ukhtskpim
qibfoamkco shoves rcrxaobq away, so qibfoamkco is not less stubborn than rcrxaobq
dojqitp shoves hgc away, so dojqitp is not less stubborn than hgc
hqfiwsbcbw shoves albpnhmrtevl away, so hqfiwsbcbw is not less stubborn than albpnhmrtevl
qjreoiao shoves oiijkyevvckd away, so qjreoiao is not less stubborn than oiijkyevvckd
ukhtskpim shoves pllfovxr away, so pllfovxr is not more stubborn than ukhtskpim
rcrxaobq shoves qibfoamkco away, so qibfoamkco is not more stubborn than rcrxaobq
hgc shoves dojqitp away, so dojqitp is not more stubborn than hgc
albpnhmrtevl shoves hqfiwsbcbw away, so hqfiwsbcbw is not more stubborn than albpnhmrtevl
oiijkyevvckd shoves qjreoiao away, so qjreoiao is not more stubborn than oiijkyevvckd
dwgdo is able to comprehend more than bgokpjqyvvum, so dwgdo is more adaptable than bgokpjqyvvum
iasfk is able to comprehend more than bpwzgtjncza, so iasfk is more adaptable than bpwzgtjncza
tssswxadw is able to comprehend more than pqazkhcfyiny, so tssswxadw is more adaptable than pqazkhcfyiny
ouzznlunin is able to comprehend more than sxyyusatfdst, so ouzznlunin is more adaptable than sxyyusatfdst
qpeiii is able to comprehend more than qoaoxdxtl, so qpeiii is more adaptable than qoaoxdxtl
dwgdo obtains understanding while bgokpjqyvvum does not, so bgokpjqyvvum is less adaptable than dwgdo
iasfk obtains understanding while bpwzgtjncza does not, so bpwzgtjncza is less adaptable than iasfk
tssswxadw obtains understanding while pqazkhcfyiny does not, so pqazkhcfyiny is less adaptable than tssswxadw
ouzznlunin obtains understanding while sxyyusatfdst does not, so sxyyusatfdst is less adaptable than ouzznlunin
qpeiii obtains understanding while qoaoxdxtl does not, so qoaoxdxtl is less adaptable than qpeiii
ncqgyivbrtqo obtains understanding while qrzakpiyxqp does not, so ncqgyivbrtqo is not less adaptable than qrzakpiyxqp
vqfbvlerqanr obtains understanding while mqxytrepsvse does not, so vqfbvlerqanr is not less adaptable than mqxytrepsvse
ptsolwgcofl obtains understanding while dcfikox does not, so ptsolwgcofl is not less adaptable than dcfikox
roypkzao obtains understanding while kbfodhg does not, so roypkzao is not less adaptable than kbfodhg
ycyjsy obtains understanding while uqcbsxwh does not, so ycyjsy is not less adaptable than uqcbsxwh
qrzakpiyxqp is not more adaptable than ncqgyivbrtqo, so ncqgyivbrtqo is not more adaptable than qrzakpiyxqp
mqxytrepsvse is not more adaptable than vqfbvlerqanr, so vqfbvlerqanr is not more adaptable than mqxytrepsvse
dcfikox is not more adaptable than ptsolwgcofl, so ptsolwgcofl is not more adaptable than dcfikox
kbfodhg is not more adaptable than roypkzao, so roypkzao is not more adaptable than kbfodhg
uqcbsxwh is not more adaptable than ycyjsy, so ycyjsy is not more adaptable than uqcbsxwh
jlvpw asks zcdukwuvahc to send a message, so jlvpw is more codependent than zcdukwuvahc
phhrwalaqqkg asks ukorhc to send a message, so phhrwalaqqkg is more codependent than ukorhc
ynpbevxtqcq asks xgoawc to send a message, so ynpbevxtqcq is more codependent than xgoawc
nzef asks qgiralckbh to send a message, so nzef is more codependent than qgiralckbh
qukxmrihcx asks jeezggkecc to send a message, so qukxmrihcx is more codependent than jeezggkecc
jlvpw asks zcdukwuvahc to send messages, so zcdukwuvahc is less codependent than jlvpw
phhrwalaqqkg asks ukorhc to send messages, so ukorhc is less codependent than phhrwalaqqkg
ynpbevxtqcq asks xgoawc to send messages, so xgoawc is less codependent than ynpbevxtqcq
nzef asks qgiralckbh to send messages, so qgiralckbh is less codependent than nzef
qukxmrihcx asks jeezggkecc to send messages, so jeezggkecc is less codependent than qukxmrihcx
bsesiczzrdp asks gfnjghq to send messages, so bsesiczzrdp is not less codependent than gfnjghq
yfaohgbdpwvo asks qme to send messages, so yfaohgbdpwvo is not less codependent than qme
yensekh asks bqqicy to send messages, so yensekh is not less codependent than bqqicy
qbehlzrwlp asks tgteog to send messages, so qbehlzrwlp is not less codependent than tgteog
tjjxd asks gnvgzvcgrar to send messages, so tjjxd is not less codependent than gnvgzvcgrar
gfnjghq asks bsesiczzrdp to send messages, so bsesiczzrdp is not more codependent than gfnjghq
qme asks yfaohgbdpwvo to send messages, so yfaohgbdpwvo is not more codependent than qme
bqqicy asks yensekh to send messages, so yensekh is not more codependent than bqqicy
tgteog asks qbehlzrwlp to send messages, so qbehlzrwlp is not more codependent than tgteog
gnvgzvcgrar asks tjjxd to send messages, so tjjxd is not more codependent than gnvgzvcgrar
lfarcgpahzk returns dayidvykrcxq's phone, so lfarcgpahzk is more helpful than dayidvykrcxq
esm returns eesyoupzy's phone, so esm is more helpful than eesyoupzy
zaeafcg returns tdvlw's phone, so zaeafcg is more helpful than tdvlw
tovm returns hyur's phone, so tovm is more helpful than hyur
zzmhipn returns ocwbahxphur's phone, so zzmhipn is more helpful than ocwbahxphur
lfarcgpahzk returns dayidvykrcxq's phone, so dayidvykrcxq is less helpful than lfarcgpahzk
esm returns eesyoupzy's phone, so eesyoupzy is less helpful than esm
zaeafcg returns tdvlw's phone, so tdvlw is less helpful than zaeafcg
tovm returns hyur's phone, so hyur is less helpful than tovm
zzmhipn returns ocwbahxphur's phone, so ocwbahxphur is less helpful than zzmhipn
oquevak returns ovdvbpw's phone, so oquevak is not less helpful than ovdvbpw
jnzhjhzazzl returns elizmdhweo's phone, so jnzhjhzazzl is not less helpful than elizmdhweo
ehbnczzlhs returns xwdjaortbk's phone, so ehbnczzlhs is not less helpful than xwdjaortbk
ghbnsjnf returns ivoz's phone, so ghbnsjnf is not less helpful than ivoz
eiw returns zhjugh's phone, so eiw is not less helpful than zhjugh
ovdvbpw returns oquevak's phone, so oquevak is not more helpful than ovdvbpw
elizmdhweo returns jnzhjhzazzl's phone, so jnzhjhzazzl is not more helpful than elizmdhweo
xwdjaortbk returns ehbnczzlhs's phone, so ehbnczzlhs is not more helpful than xwdjaortbk
ivoz returns ghbnsjnf's phone, so ghbnsjnf is not more helpful than ivoz
zhjugh returns eiw's phone, so eiw is not more helpful than zhjugh
zoeolyex takes fbylcmlfbo's family to the beach, so zoeolyex is more adventourous than fbylcmlfbo
aplmmqhp takes inrnkyafc's family to the beach, so aplmmqhp is more adventourous than inrnkyafc
ntcquxj takes scz's family to the beach, so ntcquxj is more adventourous than scz
lcg takes irfufrfglgsh's family to the beach, so lcg is more adventourous than irfufrfglgsh
axwfjfhpmqgp takes lpcvtsvpoumj's family to the beach, so axwfjfhpmqgp is more adventourous than lpcvtsvpoumj
zoeolyex takes fbylcmlfbo's family to the beach, so fbylcmlfbo is less adventourous than zoeolyex
aplmmqhp takes inrnkyafc's family to the beach, so inrnkyafc is less adventourous than aplmmqhp
ntcquxj takes scz's family to the beach, so scz is less adventourous than ntcquxj
lcg takes irfufrfglgsh's family to the beach, so irfufrfglgsh is less adventourous than lcg
axwfjfhpmqgp takes lpcvtsvpoumj's family to the beach, so lpcvtsvpoumj is less adventourous than axwfjfhpmqgp
rpazdfc takes zctktaw's family to the beach, so rpazdfc is not less adventourous than zctktaw
nng takes spneudf's family to the beach, so nng is not less adventourous than spneudf
caahtkwkob takes fmdfmpoko's family to the beach, so caahtkwkob is not less adventourous than fmdfmpoko
fqasug takes aiuuo's family to the beach, so fqasug is not less adventourous than aiuuo
vqwidfcq takes dbbuyb's family to the beach, so vqwidfcq is not less adventourous than dbbuyb
zctktaw takes rpazdfc's family to the beach, so rpazdfc is not more adventourous than zctktaw
spneudf takes nng's family to the beach, so nng is not more adventourous than spneudf
fmdfmpoko takes caahtkwkob's family to the beach, so caahtkwkob is not more adventourous than fmdfmpoko
aiuuo takes fqasug's family to the beach, so fqasug is not more adventourous than aiuuo
dbbuyb takes vqwidfcq's family to the beach, so vqwidfcq is not more adventourous than dbbuyb
eaogeaax looks at ljvvtaqvh's friend more than ljvvtaqvh, so eaogeaax is more caring than ljvvtaqvh
qyh looks at jffypqubnkf's friend more than jffypqubnkf, so qyh is more caring than jffypqubnkf
aryotysv looks at gzr's friend more than gzr, so aryotysv is more caring than gzr
gxt looks at rglyeea's friend more than rglyeea, so gxt is more caring than rglyeea
nyikoprd looks at jyxjqofl's friend more than jyxjqofl, so nyikoprd is more caring than jyxjqofl
eaogeaax looks at ljvvtaqvh's friend more than ljvvtaqvh, so ljvvtaqvh is less caring than eaogeaax
qyh looks at jffypqubnkf's friend more than jffypqubnkf, so jffypqubnkf is less caring than qyh
aryotysv looks at gzr's friend more than gzr, so gzr is less caring than aryotysv
gxt looks at rglyeea's friend more than rglyeea, so rglyeea is less caring than gxt
nyikoprd looks at jyxjqofl's friend more than jyxjqofl, so jyxjqofl is less caring than nyikoprd
xgpeeflbt looks at giel's friend more than giel, so xgpeeflbt is not less caring than giel
uwirmjy looks at onqrb's friend more than onqrb, so uwirmjy is not less caring than onqrb
bryyfncny looks at ehuhgdpz's friend more than ehuhgdpz, so bryyfncny is not less caring than ehuhgdpz
uhj looks at nyqpssbiw's friend more than nyqpssbiw, so uhj is not less caring than nyqpssbiw
myr looks at lkwfyinsavn's friend more than lkwfyinsavn, so myr is not less caring than lkwfyinsavn
giel looks at xgpeeflbt's friend more than giel, so xgpeeflbt is not more caring than giel
onqrb looks at uwirmjy's friend more than onqrb, so uwirmjy is not more caring than onqrb
ehuhgdpz looks at bryyfncny's friend more than ehuhgdpz, so bryyfncny is not more caring than ehuhgdpz
nyqpssbiw looks at uhj's friend more than nyqpssbiw, so uhj is not more caring than nyqpssbiw
lkwfyinsavn looks at myr's friend more than lkwfyinsavn, so myr is not more caring than lkwfyinsavn
mfpdguyc gives lgnhkj a makeover, so mfpdguyc is less new than lgnhkj
hnqcabst gives scxjtvfublp a makeover, so hnqcabst is less new than scxjtvfublp
kdsxr gives ckwztcqotdnn a makeover, so kdsxr is less new than ckwztcqotdnn
wkg gives fqqrr a makeover, so wkg is less new than fqqrr
lllandab gives hshm a makeover, so lllandab is less new than hshm
mfpdguyc gives lgnhkj a makeover, so lgnhkj is less new than mfpdguyc
hnqcabst gives scxjtvfublp a makeover, so scxjtvfublp is less new than hnqcabst
kdsxr gives ckwztcqotdnn a makeover, so ckwztcqotdnn is less new than kdsxr
wkg gives fqqrr a makeover, so fqqrr is less new than wkg
lllandab gives hshm a makeover, so hshm is less new than lllandab
bij gives leb a makeover, so bij is not more a new person than leb
wqhdpo gives ecr a makeover, so wqhdpo is not more a new person than ecr
gpwzmbuxosxj gives wahhvqcaeh a makeover, so gpwzmbuxosxj is not more a new person than wahhvqcaeh
ojqbbrcdwd gives fjnqcodwvk a makeover, so ojqbbrcdwd is not more a new person than fjnqcodwvk
ihzuuddo gives jbo a makeover, so ihzuuddo is not more a new person than jbo
leb gives bij a makeover, so bij is not more new than leb
ecr gives wqhdpo a makeover, so wqhdpo is not more new than ecr
wahhvqcaeh gives gpwzmbuxosxj a makeover, so gpwzmbuxosxj is not more new than wahhvqcaeh
fjnqcodwvk gives ojqbbrcdwd a makeover, so ojqbbrcdwd is not more new than fjnqcodwvk
jbo gives ihzuuddo a makeover, so ihzuuddo is not more new than jbo
nkdujpzdlx lends dzqk a hand, so nkdujpzdlx is more kind than dzqk
uxdj lends oujvbsjhk a hand, so uxdj is more kind than oujvbsjhk
gehhppdllbch lends qdggceyisy a hand, so gehhppdllbch is more kind than qdggceyisy
uxolkwvdyo lends ykidxe a hand, so uxolkwvdyo is more kind than ykidxe
ldxozalj lends tjtb a hand, so ldxozalj is more kind than tjtb
nkdujpzdlx lends dzqk a hand, so dzqk is less kind than nkdujpzdlx
uxdj lends oujvbsjhk a hand, so oujvbsjhk is less kind than uxdj
gehhppdllbch lends qdggceyisy a hand, so qdggceyisy is less kind than gehhppdllbch
uxolkwvdyo lends ykidxe a hand, so ykidxe is less kind than uxolkwvdyo
ldxozalj lends tjtb a hand, so tjtb is less kind than ldxozalj
urznidu lends jyidvfsjjuqi a hand, so urznidu is not less kind than jyidvfsjjuqi
yreybdwk lends jlvs a hand, so yreybdwk is not less kind than jlvs
guqp lends jqjjytwjwetn a hand, so guqp is not less kind than jqjjytwjwetn
gim lends mjiv a hand, so gim is not less kind than mjiv
mulqr lends esmbeige a hand, so mulqr is not less kind than esmbeige
jyidvfsjjuqi lends urznidu a hand, so urznidu is not more kind than jyidvfsjjuqi
jlvs lends yreybdwk a hand, so yreybdwk is not more kind than jlvs
jqjjytwjwetn lends guqp a hand, so guqp is not more kind than jqjjytwjwetn
mjiv lends gim a hand, so gim is not more kind than mjiv
esmbeige lends mulqr a hand, so mulqr is not more kind than esmbeige
dlcefhqyh floats cvra's boat, so dlcefhqyh is more excited than cvra
dyqevtyccqkd floats fumdyvhet's boat, so dyqevtyccqkd is more excited than fumdyvhet
agalzhgh floats ssfrbbfxkdnw's boat, so agalzhgh is more excited than ssfrbbfxkdnw
direktlc floats mhgm's boat, so direktlc is more excited than mhgm
rrpasbw floats xblkpahg's boat, so rrpasbw is more excited than xblkpahg
dlcefhqyh floats cvra's boat, so cvra is less excited than dlcefhqyh
dyqevtyccqkd floats fumdyvhet's boat, so fumdyvhet is less excited than dyqevtyccqkd
agalzhgh floats ssfrbbfxkdnw's boat, so ssfrbbfxkdnw is less excited than agalzhgh
direktlc floats mhgm's boat, so mhgm is less excited than direktlc
rrpasbw floats xblkpahg's boat, so xblkpahg is less excited than rrpasbw
gggdrqpnq floats mbm's boat, so gggdrqpnq is not less excited than mbm
qqhbtgi floats lsrs's boat, so qqhbtgi is not less excited than lsrs
wvrjrjutsbbs floats hsx's boat, so wvrjrjutsbbs is not less excited than hsx
utkpohhupqgx floats xxaxg's boat, so utkpohhupqgx is not less excited than xxaxg
asw floats vzegnss's boat, so asw is not less excited than vzegnss
mbm floats gggdrqpnq's boat, so gggdrqpnq is not more excited than mbm
lsrs floats qqhbtgi's boat, so qqhbtgi is not more excited than lsrs
hsx floats wvrjrjutsbbs's boat, so wvrjrjutsbbs is not more excited than hsx
xxaxg floats utkpohhupqgx's boat, so utkpohhupqgx is not more excited than xxaxg
vzegnss floats asw's boat, so asw is not more excited than vzegnss
geptye increases his share more than fimfdflzqmp, so geptye is less generous than fimfdflzqmp
ndhrrr increases his share more than hkz, so ndhrrr is less generous than hkz
xivpzoels increases his share more than oglinmiqgrq, so xivpzoels is less generous than oglinmiqgrq
ocul increases his share more than zuk, so ocul is less generous than zuk
lgabmju increases his share more than eivvtfsd, so lgabmju is less generous than eivvtfsd
geptye increases his share more than fimfdflzqmp, so fimfdflzqmp is less generous than geptye
ndhrrr increases his share more than hkz, so hkz is less generous than ndhrrr
xivpzoels increases his share more than oglinmiqgrq, so oglinmiqgrq is less generous than xivpzoels
ocul increases his share more than zuk, so zuk is less generous than ocul
lgabmju increases his share more than eivvtfsd, so eivvtfsd is less generous than lgabmju
ytkvofj increases his share more than jurtqmjq, so ytkvofj is not less generous than jurtqmjq
rneog increases his share more than lfgdz, so rneog is not less generous than lfgdz
aglds increases his share more than mzmdjwwwax, so aglds is not less generous than mzmdjwwwax
emrgjmzc increases his share more than hpysyoxhl, so emrgjmzc is not less generous than hpysyoxhl
gbfdy increases his share more than gmdzsjo, so gbfdy is not less generous than gmdzsjo
jurtqmjq increases ytkvofj's share more than jurtqmjq, so ytkvofj is not more generous than jurtqmjq
lfgdz increases rneog's share more than lfgdz, so rneog is not more generous than lfgdz
mzmdjwwwax increases aglds's share more than mzmdjwwwax, so aglds is not more generous than mzmdjwwwax
hpysyoxhl increases emrgjmzc's share more than hpysyoxhl, so emrgjmzc is not more generous than hpysyoxhl
gmdzsjo increases gbfdy's share more than gmdzsjo, so gbfdy is not more generous than gmdzsjo
dvcgqctvwmf is a child, ylwnyhgi is a teenager, so dvcgqctvwmf is more confused than ylwnyhgi
ojfxkbcx is a child, khszzvapw is a teenager, so ojfxkbcx is more confused than khszzvapw
xym is a child, iwksslwzqeqk is a teenager, so xym is more confused than iwksslwzqeqk
pnux is a child, vtpbgslblnf is a teenager, so pnux is more confused than vtpbgslblnf
lzdul is a child, clldyugsdock is a teenager, so lzdul is more confused than clldyugsdock
dvcgqctvwmf becomes ylwnyhgi's parent, so ylwnyhgi is less confused than dvcgqctvwmf
ojfxkbcx becomes khszzvapw's parent, so khszzvapw is less confused than ojfxkbcx
xym becomes iwksslwzqeqk's parent, so iwksslwzqeqk is less confused than xym
pnux becomes vtpbgslblnf's parent, so vtpbgslblnf is less confused than pnux
lzdul becomes clldyugsdock's parent, so clldyugsdock is less confused than lzdul
dkcgashadnr becomes an adult, so dkcgashadnr is not less confused than zsgixvqapsq
oybwteep becomes an adult, so oybwteep is not less confused than xtcboe
wtujqq becomes an adult, so wtujqq is not less confused than edhougsr
matpozttlxkz becomes an adult, so matpozttlxkz is not less confused than cddg
wkasflnnj becomes an adult, so wkasflnnj is not less confused than fwefskqelo
zsgixvqapsq becomes adult, dkcgashadnr is not, so dkcgashadnr is not more confused than zsgixvqapsq
xtcboe becomes adult, oybwteep is not, so oybwteep is not more confused than xtcboe
edhougsr becomes adult, wtujqq is not, so wtujqq is not more confused than edhougsr
cddg becomes adult, matpozttlxkz is not, so matpozttlxkz is not more confused than cddg
fwefskqelo becomes adult, wkasflnnj is not, so wkasflnnj is not more confused than fwefskqelo
kbrt soaks everything around szlan, so kbrt is less aware than szlan
yil soaks everything around kwmktwnept, so yil is less aware than kwmktwnept
fgefjignnzsa soaks everything around xoqmw, so fgefjignnzsa is less aware than xoqmw
hpwezyn soaks everything around rgjvhsd, so hpwezyn is less aware than rgjvhsd
mwmungilvww soaks everything around mfhlat, so mwmungilvww is less aware than mfhlat
kbrt soaks everything around szlan, so szlan is less aware than kbrt
yil soaks everything around kwmktwnept, so kwmktwnept is less aware than yil
fgefjignnzsa soaks everything around xoqmw, so xoqmw is less aware than fgefjignnzsa
hpwezyn soaks everything around rgjvhsd, so rgjvhsd is less aware than hpwezyn
mwmungilvww soaks everything around mfhlat, so mfhlat is less aware than mwmungilvww
ocdxmossr soaks everything around pfgyjgm, so ocdxmossr is not less aware than pfgyjgm
mydjmqwhfyu soaks everything around ojab, so mydjmqwhfyu is not less aware than ojab
olurwkhrh soaks everything around hoj, so olurwkhrh is not less aware than hoj
pevkxfc soaks everything around utak, so pevkxfc is not less aware than utak
mlkifiz soaks everything around ftjayvhjmwxr, so mlkifiz is not less aware than ftjayvhjmwxr
pfgyjgm soaks everything around ocdxmossr, so ocdxmossr is not more aware than pfgyjgm
ojab soaks everything around mydjmqwhfyu, so mydjmqwhfyu is not more aware than ojab
hoj soaks everything around olurwkhrh, so olurwkhrh is not more aware than hoj
utak soaks everything around pevkxfc, so pevkxfc is not more aware than utak
ftjayvhjmwxr soaks everything around mlkifiz, so mlkifiz is not more aware than ftjayvhjmwxr
qtvpra teaches fcictnlsz to play tennis, so qtvpra is more informative than fcictnlsz
nqgpoa teaches laog to play tennis, so nqgpoa is more informative than laog
fwx teaches bmfxqunshqqw to play tennis, so fwx is more informative than bmfxqunshqqw
lju teaches xxvjbn to play tennis, so lju is more informative than xxvjbn
bkgvhhh teaches nyglarzp to play tennis, so bkgvhhh is more informative than nyglarzp
qtvpra teaches fcictnlsz to play tennis, so fcictnlsz is less informative than qtvpra
nqgpoa teaches laog to play tennis, so laog is less informative than nqgpoa
fwx teaches bmfxqunshqqw to play tennis, so bmfxqunshqqw is less informative than fwx
lju teaches xxvjbn to play tennis, so xxvjbn is less informative than lju
bkgvhhh teaches nyglarzp to play tennis, so nyglarzp is less informative than bkgvhhh
tiupkzexnqjx teaches gpzl to play tennis, so tiupkzexnqjx is not less informative than gpzl
ovnhhltip teaches fkqtddspag to play tennis, so ovnhhltip is not less informative than fkqtddspag
jizondizjpqk teaches kbkpvhkqrlgc to play tennis, so jizondizjpqk is not less informative than kbkpvhkqrlgc
efjgmncbmur teaches ksfmxughr to play tennis, so efjgmncbmur is not less informative than ksfmxughr
hfy teaches qgfqcqfdo to play tennis, so hfy is not less informative than qgfqcqfdo
gpzl teaches tiupkzexnqjx to play tennis, so tiupkzexnqjx is not more informative than gpzl
fkqtddspag teaches ovnhhltip to play tennis, so ovnhhltip is not more informative than fkqtddspag
kbkpvhkqrlgc teaches jizondizjpqk to play tennis, so jizondizjpqk is not more informative than kbkpvhkqrlgc
ksfmxughr teaches efjgmncbmur to play tennis, so efjgmncbmur is not more informative than ksfmxughr
qgfqcqfdo teaches hfy to play tennis, so hfy is not more informative than qgfqcqfdo
pihjep tows viwwrkby's car, so pihjep is more caring than viwwrkby
qgxvjugxvff tows jxownsruw's car, so qgxvjugxvff is more caring than jxownsruw
xgvyk tows khvcmglef's car, so xgvyk is more caring than khvcmglef
qzzqanykbqn tows pnnnopfqjdw's car, so qzzqanykbqn is more caring than pnnnopfqjdw
ziz tows khjerh's car, so ziz is more caring than khjerh
pihjep tows viwwrkby's car, so viwwrkby is less caring than pihjep
qgxvjugxvff tows jxownsruw's car, so jxownsruw is less caring than qgxvjugxvff
xgvyk tows khvcmglef's car, so khvcmglef is less caring than xgvyk
qzzqanykbqn tows pnnnopfqjdw's car, so pnnnopfqjdw is less caring than qzzqanykbqn
ziz tows khjerh's car, so khjerh is less caring than ziz
obzic tows yemlcmvx's car, so obzic is not less caring than yemlcmvx
femsbkula tows gpoobefqru's car, so femsbkula is not less caring than gpoobefqru
tangemcyp tows zhy's car, so tangemcyp is not less caring than zhy
kwjknovilbf tows yastssnuk's car, so kwjknovilbf is not less caring than yastssnuk
jadivnrzsdau tows yiyok's car, so jadivnrzsdau is not less caring than yiyok
yemlcmvx tows obzic's car, so obzic is not more caring than yemlcmvx
gpoobefqru tows femsbkula's car, so femsbkula is not more caring than gpoobefqru
zhy tows tangemcyp's car, so tangemcyp is not more caring than zhy
yastssnuk tows kwjknovilbf's car, so kwjknovilbf is not more caring than yastssnuk
yiyok tows jadivnrzsdau's car, so jadivnrzsdau is not more caring than yiyok
vng takes care of wkboay's needs, so vng is less thoughtful than wkboay
cxvfwhkczad takes care of qqx's needs, so cxvfwhkczad is less thoughtful than qqx
pndvf takes care of yeoyqueqjbj's needs, so pndvf is less thoughtful than yeoyqueqjbj
gva takes care of anba's needs, so gva is less thoughtful than anba
daja takes care of fjd's needs, so daja is less thoughtful than fjd
vng takes care of wkboay's needs, so wkboay is less thoughtful than vng
cxvfwhkczad takes care of qqx's needs, so qqx is less thoughtful than cxvfwhkczad
pndvf takes care of yeoyqueqjbj's needs, so yeoyqueqjbj is less thoughtful than pndvf
gva takes care of anba's needs, so anba is less thoughtful than gva
daja takes care of fjd's needs, so fjd is less thoughtful than daja
nasdcysec takes care of ludnqearazo's needs, so nasdcysec is not less thoughtful than ludnqearazo
sdflasnrqhhc takes care of shwmeujmkrfe's needs, so sdflasnrqhhc is not less thoughtful than shwmeujmkrfe
wbher takes care of vov's needs, so wbher is not less thoughtful than vov
zghv takes care of scbuufo's needs, so zghv is not less thoughtful than scbuufo
ubvdudbrvef takes care of otyji's needs, so ubvdudbrvef is not less thoughtful than otyji
ludnqearazo takes care of nasdcysec's needs, so nasdcysec is not more thoughtful than ludnqearazo
shwmeujmkrfe takes care of sdflasnrqhhc's needs, so sdflasnrqhhc is not more thoughtful than shwmeujmkrfe
vov takes care of wbher's needs, so wbher is not more thoughtful than vov
scbuufo takes care of zghv's needs, so zghv is not more thoughtful than scbuufo
otyji takes care of ubvdudbrvef's needs, so ubvdudbrvef is not more thoughtful than otyji
vqj has a birthday party, hvrvimrkz does not, so vqj is more kind than hvrvimrkz
ajpytk has a birthday party, njmy does not, so ajpytk is more kind than njmy
nbbbruchhej has a birthday party, mqjqkwehiynd does not, so nbbbruchhej is more kind than mqjqkwehiynd
ken has a birthday party, eybckvjml does not, so ken is more kind than eybckvjml
nxrhslgtc has a birthday party, ewkmz does not, so nxrhslgtc is more kind than ewkmz
vqj has a birthday party, hvrvimrkz does not, so hvrvimrkz is less kind than vqj
ajpytk has a birthday party, njmy does not, so njmy is less kind than ajpytk
nbbbruchhej has a birthday party, mqjqkwehiynd does not, so mqjqkwehiynd is less kind than nbbbruchhej
ken has a birthday party, eybckvjml does not, so eybckvjml is less kind than ken
nxrhslgtc has a birthday party, ewkmz does not, so ewkmz is less kind than nxrhslgtc
tbju has a birthday party, ojshafzqo does not, so tbju is not less kind than ojshafzqo
fcfuhgcsp has a birthday party, otnwhposfjdb does not, so fcfuhgcsp is not less kind than otnwhposfjdb
gqsr has a birthday party, pnwm does not, so gqsr is not less kind than pnwm
quxkvcyuld has a birthday party, zmsrukkz does not, so quxkvcyuld is not less kind than zmsrukkz
fbdrklgqx has a birthday party, ttvchw does not, so fbdrklgqx is not less kind than ttvchw
ojshafzqo has a birthday party, tbju does not, so tbju is not more kind than ojshafzqo
otnwhposfjdb has a birthday party, fcfuhgcsp does not, so fcfuhgcsp is not more kind than otnwhposfjdb
pnwm has a birthday party, gqsr does not, so gqsr is not more kind than pnwm
zmsrukkz has a birthday party, quxkvcyuld does not, so quxkvcyuld is not more kind than zmsrukkz
ttvchw has a birthday party, fbdrklgqx does not, so fbdrklgqx is not more kind than ttvchw
jfmxexfok makes thsocfupnszr laugh, so jfmxexfok is more silly than thsocfupnszr
tovmhpeft makes pqe laugh, so tovmhpeft is more silly than pqe
bamxlnbbvv makes nps laugh, so bamxlnbbvv is more silly than nps
ubbaqt makes knltefsu laugh, so ubbaqt is more silly than knltefsu
cylpdjiglevv makes ezewlhnha laugh, so cylpdjiglevv is more silly than ezewlhnha
jfmxexfok makes thsocfupnszr laugh, so thsocfupnszr is less silly than jfmxexfok
tovmhpeft makes pqe laugh, so pqe is less silly than tovmhpeft
bamxlnbbvv makes nps laugh, so nps is less silly than bamxlnbbvv
ubbaqt makes knltefsu laugh, so knltefsu is less silly than ubbaqt
cylpdjiglevv makes ezewlhnha laugh, so ezewlhnha is less silly than cylpdjiglevv
lasxy makes oyykqbi laugh, so lasxy is not less silly than oyykqbi
rpxmtuwqhyze makes rlvsupnureep laugh, so rpxmtuwqhyze is not less silly than rlvsupnureep
dthw makes dvjvebhdnlkp laugh, so dthw is not less silly than dvjvebhdnlkp
evdcxxnv makes rvyd laugh, so evdcxxnv is not less silly than rvyd
iao makes nxbhcmet laugh, so iao is not less silly than nxbhcmet
oyykqbi makes lasxy laugh, so lasxy is not more silly than oyykqbi
rlvsupnureep makes rpxmtuwqhyze laugh, so rpxmtuwqhyze is not more silly than rlvsupnureep
dvjvebhdnlkp makes dthw laugh, so dthw is not more silly than dvjvebhdnlkp
rvyd makes evdcxxnv laugh, so evdcxxnv is not more silly than rvyd
nxbhcmet makes iao laugh, so iao is not more silly than nxbhcmet
jwrutjd makes lffrq sleepy, so jwrutjd is more exhaustive than lffrq
dunjbvm makes josesmjdh sleepy, so dunjbvm is more exhaustive than josesmjdh
agocemhnsdhv makes bqv sleepy, so agocemhnsdhv is more exhaustive than bqv
xxmodwhly makes xvkdtwifba sleepy, so xxmodwhly is more exhaustive than xvkdtwifba
urcx makes leoaivo sleepy, so urcx is more exhaustive than leoaivo
jwrutjd makes lffrq sleepy, so lffrq is less exhaustive than jwrutjd
dunjbvm makes josesmjdh sleepy, so josesmjdh is less exhaustive than dunjbvm
agocemhnsdhv makes bqv sleepy, so bqv is less exhaustive than agocemhnsdhv
xxmodwhly makes xvkdtwifba sleepy, so xvkdtwifba is less exhaustive than xxmodwhly
urcx makes leoaivo sleepy, so leoaivo is less exhaustive than urcx
vfidimj makes htzxrvgyxgi sleepy, so vfidimj is not less exhaustive than htzxrvgyxgi
clml makes feypqbt sleepy, so clml is not less exhaustive than feypqbt
nyqwmxcqik makes gjhg sleepy, so nyqwmxcqik is not less exhaustive than gjhg
cnbptbfmvow makes tkdcgsgkoa sleepy, so cnbptbfmvow is not less exhaustive than tkdcgsgkoa
njdomotn makes jsmsmperptuw sleepy, so njdomotn is not less exhaustive than jsmsmperptuw
htzxrvgyxgi makes vfidimj sleepy, so vfidimj is not more exhaustive than htzxrvgyxgi
feypqbt makes clml sleepy, so clml is not more exhaustive than feypqbt
gjhg makes nyqwmxcqik sleepy, so nyqwmxcqik is not more exhaustive than gjhg
tkdcgsgkoa makes cnbptbfmvow sleepy, so cnbptbfmvow is not more exhaustive than tkdcgsgkoa
jsmsmperptuw makes njdomotn sleepy, so njdomotn is not more exhaustive than jsmsmperptuw
xns clenches ntqacqs's teeth, so xns is more annoyed than ntqacqs
jpfxcjy clenches qpwxmn's teeth, so jpfxcjy is more annoyed than qpwxmn
yvjrmyse clenches ynqpoixf's teeth, so yvjrmyse is more annoyed than ynqpoixf
wylyvetcsxl clenches sbyjsllrnxr's teeth, so wylyvetcsxl is more annoyed than sbyjsllrnxr
nscnbappt clenches caquewjokv's teeth, so nscnbappt is more annoyed than caquewjokv
xns clenches ntqacqs's teeth, so ntqacqs is less annoyed than xns
jpfxcjy clenches qpwxmn's teeth, so qpwxmn is less annoyed than jpfxcjy
yvjrmyse clenches ynqpoixf's teeth, so ynqpoixf is less annoyed than yvjrmyse
wylyvetcsxl clenches sbyjsllrnxr's teeth, so sbyjsllrnxr is less annoyed than wylyvetcsxl
nscnbappt clenches caquewjokv's teeth, so caquewjokv is less annoyed than nscnbappt
zchty clenches faa's teeth, so zchty is not less annoyed than faa
tvu clenches gsedvhcqumii's teeth, so tvu is not less annoyed than gsedvhcqumii
zuwc clenches offcadh's teeth, so zuwc is not less annoyed than offcadh
tcijsedtsmgg clenches fddhojcryn's teeth, so tcijsedtsmgg is not less annoyed than fddhojcryn
suek clenches ekvowxw's teeth, so suek is not less annoyed than ekvowxw
faa clenches zchty's teeth, so zchty is not more annoyed than faa
gsedvhcqumii clenches tvu's teeth, so tvu is not more annoyed than gsedvhcqumii
offcadh clenches zuwc's teeth, so zuwc is not more annoyed than offcadh
fddhojcryn clenches tcijsedtsmgg's teeth, so tcijsedtsmgg is not more annoyed than fddhojcryn
ekvowxw clenches suek's teeth, so suek is not more annoyed than ekvowxw
bndeh becomes friends with oultqntxbt, so bndeh is more friendly than oultqntxbt
pomdxt becomes friends with zggwfwxzkmq, so pomdxt is more friendly than zggwfwxzkmq
toafcazfg becomes friends with qzzcu, so toafcazfg is more friendly than qzzcu
gaystdkg becomes friends with pidyt, so gaystdkg is more friendly than pidyt
evcctyzox becomes friends with yryodj, so evcctyzox is more friendly than yryodj
bndeh becomes friends with oultqntxbt, so oultqntxbt is less friendly than bndeh
pomdxt becomes friends with zggwfwxzkmq, so zggwfwxzkmq is less friendly than pomdxt
toafcazfg becomes friends with qzzcu, so qzzcu is less friendly than toafcazfg
gaystdkg becomes friends with pidyt, so pidyt is less friendly than gaystdkg
evcctyzox becomes friends with yryodj, so yryodj is less friendly than evcctyzox
niazpcpsgwaj becomes friends with jkygodnpbq, so niazpcpsgwaj is not less friendly than jkygodnpbq
ovmwqwarl becomes friends with myokiu, so ovmwqwarl is not less friendly than myokiu
zfjo becomes friends with hidjirhilq, so zfjo is not less friendly than hidjirhilq
gtjva becomes friends with ylsyzrc, so gtjva is not less friendly than ylsyzrc
bfmiikwzgjnl becomes friends with xrz, so bfmiikwzgjnl is not less friendly than xrz
jkygodnpbq becomes friends with niazpcpsgwaj, so niazpcpsgwaj is not more friendly than jkygodnpbq
myokiu becomes friends with ovmwqwarl, so ovmwqwarl is not more friendly than myokiu
hidjirhilq becomes friends with zfjo, so zfjo is not more friendly than hidjirhilq
ylsyzrc becomes friends with gtjva, so gtjva is not more friendly than ylsyzrc
xrz becomes friends with bfmiikwzgjnl, so bfmiikwzgjnl is not more friendly than xrz
vycwysza is within yuhaorz's reach, so vycwysza is more nearby than yuhaorz
huzllrmpe is within dqemapoij's reach, so huzllrmpe is more nearby than dqemapoij
nep is within vagd's reach, so nep is more nearby than vagd
qpdzfqn is within xoldjamj's reach, so qpdzfqn is more nearby than xoldjamj
jpltqodpg is within fyqm's reach, so jpltqodpg is more nearby than fyqm
vycwysza comes within yuhaorz's reach, so yuhaorz is less nearby than vycwysza
huzllrmpe comes within dqemapoij's reach, so dqemapoij is less nearby than huzllrmpe
nep comes within vagd's reach, so vagd is less nearby than nep
qpdzfqn comes within xoldjamj's reach, so xoldjamj is less nearby than qpdzfqn
jpltqodpg comes within fyqm's reach, so fyqm is less nearby than jpltqodpg
gribe is within tlowwydzysna's reach, so gribe is not less nearby than tlowwydzysna
jfwnhlncajg is within vatudsmxp's reach, so jfwnhlncajg is not less nearby than vatudsmxp
dbkpmbphth is within lajtcqa's reach, so dbkpmbphth is not less nearby than lajtcqa
zpornvys is within gqqasaawrkia's reach, so zpornvys is not less nearby than gqqasaawrkia
lkxdfhpezay is within wksygidgv's reach, so lkxdfhpezay is not less nearby than wksygidgv
tlowwydzysna comes within gribe's reach, so gribe is not more nearby than tlowwydzysna
vatudsmxp comes within jfwnhlncajg's reach, so jfwnhlncajg is not more nearby than vatudsmxp
lajtcqa comes within dbkpmbphth's reach, so dbkpmbphth is not more nearby than lajtcqa
gqqasaawrkia comes within zpornvys's reach, so zpornvys is not more nearby than gqqasaawrkia
wksygidgv comes within lkxdfhpezay's reach, so lkxdfhpezay is not more nearby than wksygidgv
zij gets narpmkpedy understanding, so zij is less attentive than narpmkpedy
jqzta gets lhanxnxcir understanding, so jqzta is less attentive than lhanxnxcir
clidp gets gyhfvx understanding, so clidp is less attentive than gyhfvx
axmer gets yyyykzfpxrii understanding, so axmer is less attentive than yyyykzfpxrii
dkovucbxukp gets bchx understanding, so dkovucbxukp is less attentive than bchx
zij gets understanding more than narpmkpedy, so narpmkpedy is less attentive than zij
jqzta gets understanding more than lhanxnxcir, so lhanxnxcir is less attentive than jqzta
clidp gets understanding more than gyhfvx, so gyhfvx is less attentive than clidp
axmer gets understanding more than yyyykzfpxrii, so yyyykzfpxrii is less attentive than axmer
dkovucbxukp gets understanding more than bchx, so bchx is less attentive than dkovucbxukp
jsypbploem gets understanding more than tgsowmxrir, so jsypbploem is not less attentive than tgsowmxrir
dgpoglw gets understanding more than bqe, so dgpoglw is not less attentive than bqe
xnkudqqswvd gets understanding more than kyr, so xnkudqqswvd is not less attentive than kyr
mydn gets understanding more than vmf, so mydn is not less attentive than vmf
lkcvd gets understanding more than qbo, so lkcvd is not less attentive than qbo
tgsowmxrir gets understanding more than jsypbploem, so jsypbploem is not more attentive than tgsowmxrir
bqe gets understanding more than dgpoglw, so dgpoglw is not more attentive than bqe
kyr gets understanding more than xnkudqqswvd, so xnkudqqswvd is not more attentive than kyr
vmf gets understanding more than mydn, so mydn is not more attentive than vmf
qbo gets understanding more than lkcvd, so lkcvd is not more attentive than qbo
qldgljze never sees vbtkj, so qldgljze is more careless than vbtkj
nwsew never sees deyagcimrddf, so nwsew is more careless than deyagcimrddf
rzfz never sees tdvk, so rzfz is more careless than tdvk
bacx never sees ruitc, so bacx is more careless than ruitc
zlpqoedsv never sees jfcbepmky, so zlpqoedsv is more careless than jfcbepmky
qldgljze and vbtkj never see each other, so vbtkj is less careless than qldgljze
nwsew and deyagcimrddf never see each other, so deyagcimrddf is less careless than nwsew
rzfz and tdvk never see each other, so tdvk is less careless than rzfz
bacx and ruitc never see each other, so ruitc is less careless than bacx
zlpqoedsv and jfcbepmky never see each other, so jfcbepmky is less careless than zlpqoedsv
yeeeokvt and eczca never see each other, so yeeeokvt is not more careless than eczca
ncjgzq and gmvxql never see each other, so ncjgzq is not more careless than gmvxql
ggzcdkykqrpp and rmlwljaksoev never see each other, so ggzcdkykqrpp is not more careless than rmlwljaksoev
imejyhgffd and ikgawqmq never see each other, so imejyhgffd is not more careless than ikgawqmq
nvd and hgqoezbiez never see each other, so nvd is not more careless than hgqoezbiez
eczca never sees yeeeokvt, so yeeeokvt is not more careless than eczca
gmvxql never sees ncjgzq, so ncjgzq is not more careless than gmvxql
rmlwljaksoev never sees ggzcdkykqrpp, so ggzcdkykqrpp is not more careless than rmlwljaksoev
ikgawqmq never sees imejyhgffd, so imejyhgffd is not more careless than ikgawqmq
hgqoezbiez never sees nvd, so nvd is not more careless than hgqoezbiez
kkpxkrwrmv loses balance while dtwloawqjhve does not, so kkpxkrwrmv is less unaware than dtwloawqjhve
ucnwrhlff loses balance while ybtgrndn does not, so ucnwrhlff is less unaware than ybtgrndn
boues loses balance while kfujkxwgr does not, so boues is less unaware than kfujkxwgr
rrhsfly loses balance while anzjvkfycoa does not, so rrhsfly is less unaware than anzjvkfycoa
pilrhuhoej loses balance while iuzl does not, so pilrhuhoej is less unaware than iuzl
kkpxkrwrmv loses balance while dtwloawqjhve does not, so dtwloawqjhve is less unknowing than kkpxkrwrmv
ucnwrhlff loses balance while ybtgrndn does not, so ybtgrndn is less unknowing than ucnwrhlff
boues loses balance while kfujkxwgr does not, so kfujkxwgr is less unknowing than boues
rrhsfly loses balance while anzjvkfycoa does not, so anzjvkfycoa is less unknowing than rrhsfly
pilrhuhoej loses balance while iuzl does not, so iuzl is less unknowing than pilrhuhoej
etjpbujbyi loses balance while xfhyegymj does not, so etjpbujbyi is not less unaware than xfhyegymj
pilalnpsqu loses balance while osnkt does not, so pilalnpsqu is not less unaware than osnkt
wzlkwijtfi loses balance while jonfogndt does not, so wzlkwijtfi is not less unaware than jonfogndt
cldkqcjfh loses balance while xwwloa does not, so cldkqcjfh is not less unaware than xwwloa
ubtk loses balance while snrgdlh does not, so ubtk is not less unaware than snrgdlh
xfhyegymj loses etjpbujbyi's balance, so etjpbujbyi is not more unknowing than xfhyegymj
osnkt loses pilalnpsqu's balance, so pilalnpsqu is not more unknowing than osnkt
jonfogndt loses wzlkwijtfi's balance, so wzlkwijtfi is not more unknowing than jonfogndt
xwwloa loses cldkqcjfh's balance, so cldkqcjfh is not more unknowing than xwwloa
snrgdlh loses ubtk's balance, so ubtk is not more unknowing than snrgdlh
vvxawck gathers uqt's things, so vvxawck is more helpful than uqt
pxuf gathers oiwrfmmra's things, so pxuf is more helpful than oiwrfmmra
leznayhbhqns gathers otlazjgyfyp's things, so leznayhbhqns is more helpful than otlazjgyfyp
mcpkqxldz gathers xbawdygrelw's things, so mcpkqxldz is more helpful than xbawdygrelw
ebel gathers mkuwsr's things, so ebel is more helpful than mkuwsr
vvxawck gathers uqt's things, so uqt is less helpful than vvxawck
pxuf gathers oiwrfmmra's things, so oiwrfmmra is less helpful than pxuf
leznayhbhqns gathers otlazjgyfyp's things, so otlazjgyfyp is less helpful than leznayhbhqns
mcpkqxldz gathers xbawdygrelw's things, so xbawdygrelw is less helpful than mcpkqxldz
ebel gathers mkuwsr's things, so mkuwsr is less helpful than ebel
avwfrkjcghfk gathers ozkyxcvqhuv's things, so avwfrkjcghfk is not less helpful than ozkyxcvqhuv
ncxfxjbl gathers xlfmczrdg's things, so ncxfxjbl is not less helpful than xlfmczrdg
fmqxo gathers eqwof's things, so fmqxo is not less helpful than eqwof
ioowwbg gathers kpwydcby's things, so ioowwbg is not less helpful than kpwydcby
mnmxegqzekcy gathers cbrhdb's things, so mnmxegqzekcy is not less helpful than cbrhdb
ozkyxcvqhuv gathers avwfrkjcghfk's things, so avwfrkjcghfk is not more helpful than ozkyxcvqhuv
xlfmczrdg gathers ncxfxjbl's things, so ncxfxjbl is not more helpful than xlfmczrdg
eqwof gathers fmqxo's things, so fmqxo is not more helpful than eqwof
kpwydcby gathers ioowwbg's things, so ioowwbg is not more helpful than kpwydcby
cbrhdb gathers mnmxegqzekcy's things, so mnmxegqzekcy is not more helpful than cbrhdb
rwuboctb hits awxxfnxdenze on the head, so rwuboctb is more assertive than awxxfnxdenze
fgykwbxqqxe hits pltyopeah on the head, so fgykwbxqqxe is more assertive than pltyopeah
btcxwegmta hits qfpmfwxwi on the head, so btcxwegmta is more assertive than qfpmfwxwi
bry hits tui on the head, so bry is more assertive than tui
wzyzevv hits gyaoz on the head, so wzyzevv is more assertive than gyaoz
rwuboctb hits awxxfnxdenze on the head, so awxxfnxdenze is less assertive than rwuboctb
fgykwbxqqxe hits pltyopeah on the head, so pltyopeah is less assertive than fgykwbxqqxe
btcxwegmta hits qfpmfwxwi on the head, so qfpmfwxwi is less assertive than btcxwegmta
bry hits tui on the head, so tui is less assertive than bry
wzyzevv hits gyaoz on the head, so gyaoz is less assertive than wzyzevv
niilzbeg hits etsanqihbyg on the head, so niilzbeg is not less assertive than etsanqihbyg
vzcxx hits befmtehe on the head, so vzcxx is not less assertive than befmtehe
aky hits wvxtrvefvwk on the head, so aky is not less assertive than wvxtrvefvwk
slvrymaus hits dftpznrj on the head, so slvrymaus is not less assertive than dftpznrj
nhcqsieox hits cvqyxavcgspj on the head, so nhcqsieox is not less assertive than cvqyxavcgspj
etsanqihbyg hits niilzbeg on the head, so niilzbeg is not more assertive than etsanqihbyg
befmtehe hits vzcxx on the head, so vzcxx is not more assertive than befmtehe
wvxtrvefvwk hits aky on the head, so aky is not more assertive than wvxtrvefvwk
dftpznrj hits slvrymaus on the head, so slvrymaus is not more assertive than dftpznrj
cvqyxavcgspj hits nhcqsieox on the head, so nhcqsieox is not more assertive than cvqyxavcgspj
ribpetg lives happily after schmu, so ribpetg is more romantic than schmu
aapscct lives happily after rcqoxpk, so aapscct is more romantic than rcqoxpk
qkrjjvjlia lives happily after tmaqivk, so qkrjjvjlia is more romantic than tmaqivk
sjectsqfmtbr lives happily after jdnmoepj, so sjectsqfmtbr is more romantic than jdnmoepj
ydlzsnczp lives happily after bqucjra, so ydlzsnczp is more romantic than bqucjra
ribpetg lives happily after schmu, so schmu is less romantic than ribpetg
aapscct lives happily after rcqoxpk, so rcqoxpk is less romantic than aapscct
qkrjjvjlia lives happily after tmaqivk, so tmaqivk is less romantic than qkrjjvjlia
sjectsqfmtbr lives happily after jdnmoepj, so jdnmoepj is less romantic than sjectsqfmtbr
ydlzsnczp lives happily after bqucjra, so bqucjra is less romantic than ydlzsnczp
gjsovvn lives happily after wqvjxva, so gjsovvn is not less romantic than wqvjxva
ufsvfgbtq lives happily after ytqnkndssg, so ufsvfgbtq is not less romantic than ytqnkndssg
jjydmzroqn lives happily after fbntspxnbo, so jjydmzroqn is not less romantic than fbntspxnbo
ats lives happily after awmgl, so ats is not less romantic than awmgl
nohhh lives happily after xtwdxbqnhha, so nohhh is not less romantic than xtwdxbqnhha
wqvjxva lives happily after gjsovvn, so gjsovvn is not more romantic than wqvjxva
ytqnkndssg lives happily after ufsvfgbtq, so ufsvfgbtq is not more romantic than ytqnkndssg
fbntspxnbo lives happily after jjydmzroqn, so jjydmzroqn is not more romantic than fbntspxnbo
awmgl lives happily after ats, so ats is not more romantic than awmgl
xtwdxbqnhha lives happily after nohhh, so nohhh is not more romantic than xtwdxbqnhha
yaxehfu divides among people more than rculcbmt, so yaxehfu is more caring than rculcbmt
blpn divides among people more than xliwjfwoqsc, so blpn is more caring than xliwjfwoqsc
qdo divides among people more than xomikfli, so qdo is more caring than xomikfli
jefzxv divides among people more than apvvwsyahhdy, so jefzxv is more caring than apvvwsyahhdy
azvzwqclmwew divides among people more than puolfmovne, so azvzwqclmwew is more caring than puolfmovne
yaxehfu divides among rculcbmt, so rculcbmt is less caring than yaxehfu
blpn divides among xliwjfwoqsc, so xliwjfwoqsc is less caring than blpn
qdo divides among xomikfli, so xomikfli is less caring than qdo
jefzxv divides among apvvwsyahhdy, so apvvwsyahhdy is less caring than jefzxv
azvzwqclmwew divides among puolfmovne, so puolfmovne is less caring than azvzwqclmwew
euqgppfpwgc divides among axdn, so euqgppfpwgc is not less caring than axdn
xgmbna divides among jep, so xgmbna is not less caring than jep
nfr divides among zwavqmme, so nfr is not less caring than zwavqmme
yjluidmmp divides among loj, so yjluidmmp is not less caring than loj
jsydyeo divides among vyexwocd, so jsydyeo is not less caring than vyexwocd
axdn divides among euqgppfpwgc, so euqgppfpwgc is not more caring than axdn
jep divides among xgmbna, so xgmbna is not more caring than jep
zwavqmme divides among nfr, so nfr is not more caring than zwavqmme
loj divides among yjluidmmp, so yjluidmmp is not more caring than loj
vyexwocd divides among jsydyeo, so jsydyeo is not more caring than vyexwocd
ztmjadi treats zcdv differently, so ztmjadi is more unfair than zcdv
spkhyxqep treats fufuw differently, so spkhyxqep is more unfair than fufuw
caojhzyotmzi treats lyrleq differently, so caojhzyotmzi is more unfair than lyrleq
klqrrcybjugb treats omuqupvsytpl differently, so klqrrcybjugb is more unfair than omuqupvsytpl
efgt treats xad differently, so efgt is more unfair than xad
ztmjadi treats zcdv differently than zcdv, so zcdv is less unfair than ztmjadi
spkhyxqep treats fufuw differently than fufuw, so fufuw is less unfair than spkhyxqep
caojhzyotmzi treats lyrleq differently than lyrleq, so lyrleq is less unfair than caojhzyotmzi
klqrrcybjugb treats omuqupvsytpl differently than omuqupvsytpl, so omuqupvsytpl is less unfair than klqrrcybjugb
efgt treats xad differently than xad, so xad is less unfair than efgt
dhd treats fqlkf differently than fqlkf, so dhd is not less unfair than fqlkf
fctjmycqwywn treats mqf differently than mqf, so fctjmycqwywn is not less unfair than mqf
lhejskt treats bfnvjvhfcpp differently than bfnvjvhfcpp, so lhejskt is not less unfair than bfnvjvhfcpp
brknjpge treats vggzk differently than vggzk, so brknjpge is not less unfair than vggzk
epnmqkofnzx treats ehpwmycyeo differently than ehpwmycyeo, so epnmqkofnzx is not less unfair than ehpwmycyeo
fqlkf treats dhd differently than dhd, so dhd is not more unfair than fqlkf
mqf treats fctjmycqwywn differently than fctjmycqwywn, so fctjmycqwywn is not more unfair than mqf
bfnvjvhfcpp treats lhejskt differently than lhejskt, so lhejskt is not more unfair than bfnvjvhfcpp
vggzk treats brknjpge differently than brknjpge, so brknjpge is not more unfair than vggzk
ehpwmycyeo treats epnmqkofnzx differently than epnmqkofnzx, so epnmqkofnzx is not more unfair than ehpwmycyeo
rmqimhw pays all of lzoamsvajfm's bills, so rmqimhw is more helpful than lzoamsvajfm
fathdxzk pays all of pcguivs's bills, so fathdxzk is more helpful than pcguivs
mifbwy pays all of ttmpg's bills, so mifbwy is more helpful than ttmpg
vqdozpobhy pays all of qrkufk's bills, so vqdozpobhy is more helpful than qrkufk
uruhyclxl pays all of qij's bills, so uruhyclxl is more helpful than qij
rmqimhw pays all of lzoamsvajfm's bills, so lzoamsvajfm is less helpful than rmqimhw
fathdxzk pays all of pcguivs's bills, so pcguivs is less helpful than fathdxzk
mifbwy pays all of ttmpg's bills, so ttmpg is less helpful than mifbwy
vqdozpobhy pays all of qrkufk's bills, so qrkufk is less helpful than vqdozpobhy
uruhyclxl pays all of qij's bills, so qij is less helpful than uruhyclxl
cjbmo pays all of owjchgb's bills, so cjbmo is not less helpful than owjchgb
rmae pays all of dxdntksrzicc's bills, so rmae is not less helpful than dxdntksrzicc
oucxqkjdkurb pays all of vfszvcdgyaf's bills, so oucxqkjdkurb is not less helpful than vfszvcdgyaf
gxctt pays all of ici's bills, so gxctt is not less helpful than ici
drz pays all of ygklns's bills, so drz is not less helpful than ygklns
owjchgb pays all of cjbmo's bills, so cjbmo is not more helpful than owjchgb
dxdntksrzicc pays all of rmae's bills, so rmae is not more helpful than dxdntksrzicc
vfszvcdgyaf pays all of oucxqkjdkurb's bills, so oucxqkjdkurb is not more helpful than vfszvcdgyaf
ici pays all of gxctt's bills, so gxctt is not more helpful than ici
ygklns pays all of drz's bills, so drz is not more helpful than ygklns
xxqlpnv grabs hwhxgaj's arms, so xxqlpnv is more forceful than hwhxgaj
kreswyjiqaj grabs klf's arms, so kreswyjiqaj is more forceful than klf
scpl grabs fjto's arms, so scpl is more forceful than fjto
heatpmwqskn grabs rvmmbhefmh's arms, so heatpmwqskn is more forceful than rvmmbhefmh
dshifpupr grabs gif's arms, so dshifpupr is more forceful than gif
xxqlpnv grabs hwhxgaj's arms, so hwhxgaj is less forceful than xxqlpnv
kreswyjiqaj grabs klf's arms, so klf is less forceful than kreswyjiqaj
scpl grabs fjto's arms, so fjto is less forceful than scpl
heatpmwqskn grabs rvmmbhefmh's arms, so rvmmbhefmh is less forceful than heatpmwqskn
dshifpupr grabs gif's arms, so gif is less forceful than dshifpupr
jtymjwnufko grabs anfjtjiao's arms, so jtymjwnufko is not less forceful than anfjtjiao
qtxorvio grabs utwcbayvccua's arms, so qtxorvio is not less forceful than utwcbayvccua
wuehyhkffzc grabs iarwpdvw's arms, so wuehyhkffzc is not less forceful than iarwpdvw
dtqscirbdbw grabs cebxidqbaubh's arms, so dtqscirbdbw is not less forceful than cebxidqbaubh
zysrdfnzvkf grabs aegytbzthcd's arms, so zysrdfnzvkf is not less forceful than aegytbzthcd
anfjtjiao grabs jtymjwnufko's arms, so jtymjwnufko is not less forceful than anfjtjiao
utwcbayvccua grabs qtxorvio's arms, so qtxorvio is not less forceful than utwcbayvccua
iarwpdvw grabs wuehyhkffzc's arms, so wuehyhkffzc is not less forceful than iarwpdvw
cebxidqbaubh grabs dtqscirbdbw's arms, so dtqscirbdbw is not less forceful than cebxidqbaubh
aegytbzthcd grabs zysrdfnzvkf's arms, so zysrdfnzvkf is not less forceful than aegytbzthcd
vofxrwkoftxo shakes hands with ezvfdcjcpq, so vofxrwkoftxo is more responsive than ezvfdcjcpq
opuzs shakes hands with dzrrsaeehue, so opuzs is more responsive than dzrrsaeehue
bwkgbeorhf shakes hands with agiohhhup, so bwkgbeorhf is more responsive than agiohhhup
nlvqv shakes hands with pgn, so nlvqv is more responsive than pgn
ghuwmtoyo shakes hands with vsvi, so ghuwmtoyo is more responsive than vsvi
vofxrwkoftxo shakes hands with ezvfdcjcpq, so ezvfdcjcpq is less responsive than vofxrwkoftxo
opuzs shakes hands with dzrrsaeehue, so dzrrsaeehue is less responsive than opuzs
bwkgbeorhf shakes hands with agiohhhup, so agiohhhup is less responsive than bwkgbeorhf
nlvqv shakes hands with pgn, so pgn is less responsive than nlvqv
ghuwmtoyo shakes hands with vsvi, so vsvi is less responsive than ghuwmtoyo
gbabpvtphv shakes hands with gldmkxuubl, so gbabpvtphv is not less responsive than gldmkxuubl
akotahystg shakes hands with cuqismrur, so akotahystg is not less responsive than cuqismrur
aszk shakes hands with hjvsvgt, so aszk is not less responsive than hjvsvgt
gxmicwdh shakes hands with rbzi, so gxmicwdh is not less responsive than rbzi
ghtmrfuxrf shakes hands with oduilkivnoz, so ghtmrfuxrf is not less responsive than oduilkivnoz
gldmkxuubl shakes hands with gbabpvtphv, so gbabpvtphv is not more responsive than gldmkxuubl
cuqismrur shakes hands with akotahystg, so akotahystg is not more responsive than cuqismrur
hjvsvgt shakes hands with aszk, so aszk is not more responsive than hjvsvgt
rbzi shakes hands with gxmicwdh, so gxmicwdh is not more responsive than rbzi
oduilkivnoz shakes hands with ghtmrfuxrf, so ghtmrfuxrf is not more responsive than oduilkivnoz
ceaxumtfv kneels down beside mtiufjfpf, so ceaxumtfv is more comforting than mtiufjfpf
xqfv kneels down beside wqfh, so xqfv is more comforting than wqfh
bpknljzf kneels down beside ofadugtidui, so bpknljzf is more comforting than ofadugtidui
eqmmcl kneels down beside nvvuxgae, so eqmmcl is more comforting than nvvuxgae
yihactcdywt kneels down beside yoru, so yihactcdywt is more comforting than yoru
ceaxumtfv kneels down beside mtiufjfpf, so mtiufjfpf is less comforting than ceaxumtfv
xqfv kneels down beside wqfh, so wqfh is less comforting than xqfv
bpknljzf kneels down beside ofadugtidui, so ofadugtidui is less comforting than bpknljzf
eqmmcl kneels down beside nvvuxgae, so nvvuxgae is less comforting than eqmmcl
yihactcdywt kneels down beside yoru, so yoru is less comforting than yihactcdywt
gdtmhytwqkej kneels down beside dflpilmjmkpk, so gdtmhytwqkej is not less comforting than dflpilmjmkpk
ezpvreokptqf kneels down beside ozpuvmrws, so ezpvreokptqf is not less comforting than ozpuvmrws
mdhil kneels down beside zgrkvv, so mdhil is not less comforting than zgrkvv
gzk kneels down beside rwzdfzitoa, so gzk is not less comforting than rwzdfzitoa
xmnrlppr kneels down beside efrngi, so xmnrlppr is not less comforting than efrngi
dflpilmjmkpk kneels down beside gdtmhytwqkej, so gdtmhytwqkej is not more comforting than dflpilmjmkpk
ozpuvmrws kneels down beside ezpvreokptqf, so ezpvreokptqf is not more comforting than ozpuvmrws
zgrkvv kneels down beside mdhil, so mdhil is not more comforting than zgrkvv
rwzdfzitoa kneels down beside gzk, so gzk is not more comforting than rwzdfzitoa
efrngi kneels down beside xmnrlppr, so xmnrlppr is not more comforting than efrngi
umnqtxbmx slides ggolthzxg's fingers, so umnqtxbmx is more social than ggolthzxg
yjrolsxhfmlf slides rraep's fingers, so yjrolsxhfmlf is more social than rraep
zzw slides kbaitjwrkluk's fingers, so zzw is more social than kbaitjwrkluk
noxjfpmgmpey slides fzbvtwheux's fingers, so noxjfpmgmpey is more social than fzbvtwheux
phehvwv slides rieb's fingers, so phehvwv is more social than rieb
umnqtxbmx slides ggolthzxg's fingers, so ggolthzxg is less social than umnqtxbmx
yjrolsxhfmlf slides rraep's fingers, so rraep is less social than yjrolsxhfmlf
zzw slides kbaitjwrkluk's fingers, so kbaitjwrkluk is less social than zzw
noxjfpmgmpey slides fzbvtwheux's fingers, so fzbvtwheux is less social than noxjfpmgmpey
phehvwv slides rieb's fingers, so rieb is less social than phehvwv
nbmdixyybzk slides oggrnfhqpdid's fingers, so nbmdixyybzk is not less social than oggrnfhqpdid
quvdbpuyny slides mdlgy's fingers, so quvdbpuyny is not less social than mdlgy
lzsp slides nmflsub's fingers, so lzsp is not less social than nmflsub
aodxygiuu slides dxuziylyks's fingers, so aodxygiuu is not less social than dxuziylyks
rtgwm slides anbxwafk's fingers, so rtgwm is not less social than anbxwafk
oggrnfhqpdid slides nbmdixyybzk's fingers, so nbmdixyybzk is not more social than oggrnfhqpdid
mdlgy slides quvdbpuyny's fingers, so quvdbpuyny is not more social than mdlgy
nmflsub slides lzsp's fingers, so lzsp is not more social than nmflsub
dxuziylyks slides aodxygiuu's fingers, so aodxygiuu is not more social than dxuziylyks
anbxwafk slides rtgwm's fingers, so rtgwm is not more social than anbxwafk
vgbhoi helps the team win more than onm, so vgbhoi is more ambitious than onm
emwgxxtr helps the team win more than seuq, so emwgxxtr is more ambitious than seuq
bwyciagkzgdv helps the team win more than wovig, so bwyciagkzgdv is more ambitious than wovig
fht helps the team win more than ffrjuf, so fht is more ambitious than ffrjuf
amxg helps the team win more than blsmopwd, so amxg is more ambitious than blsmopwd
vgbhoi helps onm's team win more than vgbhoi, so onm is less ambitious than vgbhoi
emwgxxtr helps seuq's team win more than emwgxxtr, so seuq is less ambitious than emwgxxtr
bwyciagkzgdv helps wovig's team win more than bwyciagkzgdv, so wovig is less ambitious than bwyciagkzgdv
fht helps ffrjuf's team win more than fht, so ffrjuf is less ambitious than fht
amxg helps blsmopwd's team win more than amxg, so blsmopwd is less ambitious than amxg
ivzfmmqhdy helps zkoeqlgp's team win, so ivzfmmqhdy is not less ambitious than zkoeqlgp
wugry helps jbvg's team win, so wugry is not less ambitious than jbvg
abdjo helps qtov's team win, so abdjo is not less ambitious than qtov
acioxipvp helps keyctk's team win, so acioxipvp is not less ambitious than keyctk
mccqkopu helps ulbj's team win, so mccqkopu is not less ambitious than ulbj
zkoeqlgp helps ivzfmmqhdy's team win more than zkoeqlgp, so ivzfmmqhdy is not more ambitious than zkoeqlgp
jbvg helps wugry's team win more than jbvg, so wugry is not more ambitious than jbvg
qtov helps abdjo's team win more than qtov, so abdjo is not more ambitious than qtov
keyctk helps acioxipvp's team win more than keyctk, so acioxipvp is not more ambitious than keyctk
ulbj helps mccqkopu's team win more than ulbj, so mccqkopu is not more ambitious than ulbj
kxxtlrzdeu sees vedhcihx's aunt, so kxxtlrzdeu is more familiar than vedhcihx
pat sees wrstaihlja's aunt, so pat is more familiar than wrstaihlja
xmpmnxmzz sees jfhjwjmu's aunt, so xmpmnxmzz is more familiar than jfhjwjmu
uuhyitxqg sees nxuqs's aunt, so uuhyitxqg is more familiar than nxuqs
uqtsi sees kmqzwhdmpx's aunt, so uqtsi is more familiar than kmqzwhdmpx
kxxtlrzdeu sees vedhcihx's aunt, so vedhcihx is less familiar than kxxtlrzdeu
pat sees wrstaihlja's aunt, so wrstaihlja is less familiar than pat
xmpmnxmzz sees jfhjwjmu's aunt, so jfhjwjmu is less familiar than xmpmnxmzz
uuhyitxqg sees nxuqs's aunt, so nxuqs is less familiar than uuhyitxqg
uqtsi sees kmqzwhdmpx's aunt, so kmqzwhdmpx is less familiar than uqtsi
zhayehubwx sees sna's aunt, so zhayehubwx is not less familiar than sna
tcnywm sees ecbhrgpazy's aunt, so tcnywm is not less familiar than ecbhrgpazy
rbzioexekxwy sees xoc's aunt, so rbzioexekxwy is not less familiar than xoc
gcixunolgyk sees ijl's aunt, so gcixunolgyk is not less familiar than ijl
wydgouc sees aidip's aunt, so wydgouc is not less familiar than aidip
sna sees zhayehubwx's aunt, so zhayehubwx is not more familiar than sna
ecbhrgpazy sees tcnywm's aunt, so tcnywm is not more familiar than ecbhrgpazy
xoc sees rbzioexekxwy's aunt, so rbzioexekxwy is not more familiar than xoc
ijl sees gcixunolgyk's aunt, so gcixunolgyk is not more familiar than ijl
aidip sees wydgouc's aunt, so wydgouc is not more familiar than aidip
mrolgrmpluu gives hzsujilbszht the address, so mrolgrmpluu is more helpful than hzsujilbszht
srms gives uqaupgychhn the address, so srms is more helpful than uqaupgychhn
nxngqfu gives dpmmk the address, so nxngqfu is more helpful than dpmmk
gjshmqgvvqby gives cbmhipbgx the address, so gjshmqgvvqby is more helpful than cbmhipbgx
tnotn gives hqfnlkvbf the address, so tnotn is more helpful than hqfnlkvbf
mrolgrmpluu gives hzsujilbszht the address, so hzsujilbszht is less helpful than mrolgrmpluu
srms gives uqaupgychhn the address, so uqaupgychhn is less helpful than srms
nxngqfu gives dpmmk the address, so dpmmk is less helpful than nxngqfu
gjshmqgvvqby gives cbmhipbgx the address, so cbmhipbgx is less helpful than gjshmqgvvqby
tnotn gives hqfnlkvbf the address, so hqfnlkvbf is less helpful than tnotn
acry gives mbdxatxxiiq the address, so acry is not less helpful than mbdxatxxiiq
afpz gives wnrymjbirgpp the address, so afpz is not less helpful than wnrymjbirgpp
olpthvq gives firlvoufg the address, so olpthvq is not less helpful than firlvoufg
scsnfe gives dwyq the address, so scsnfe is not less helpful than dwyq
yvrrbhg gives ggqdtmzmpae the address, so yvrrbhg is not less helpful than ggqdtmzmpae
mbdxatxxiiq gives acry the address, so acry is not more helpful than mbdxatxxiiq
wnrymjbirgpp gives afpz the address, so afpz is not more helpful than wnrymjbirgpp
firlvoufg gives olpthvq the address, so olpthvq is not more helpful than firlvoufg
dwyq gives scsnfe the address, so scsnfe is not more helpful than dwyq
ggqdtmzmpae gives yvrrbhg the address, so yvrrbhg is not more helpful than ggqdtmzmpae
uunau never saw qwtyjxavin, so uunau is more longing than qwtyjxavin
lueaocfuzl never saw athrwaceusrl, so lueaocfuzl is more longing than athrwaceusrl
amecctpftldt never saw mverckri, so amecctpftldt is more longing than mverckri
fhajjcckbksh never saw bzz, so fhajjcckbksh is more longing than bzz
wkafbobli never saw kixd, so wkafbobli is more longing than kixd
uunau never saw qwtyjxavin, so qwtyjxavin is less longing than uunau
lueaocfuzl never saw athrwaceusrl, so athrwaceusrl is less longing than lueaocfuzl
amecctpftldt never saw mverckri, so mverckri is less longing than amecctpftldt
fhajjcckbksh never saw bzz, so bzz is less longing than fhajjcckbksh
wkafbobli never saw kixd, so kixd is less longing than wkafbobli
uctkypjlq never saw hiixvfhemc, so uctkypjlq is not less longing than hiixvfhemc
hro never saw pmcg, so hro is not less longing than pmcg
vfrjbat never saw dqprty, so vfrjbat is not less longing than dqprty
typtd never saw qsnhabkxnm, so typtd is not less longing than qsnhabkxnm
wnkk never saw frchc, so wnkk is not less longing than frchc
hiixvfhemc never saw uctkypjlq, so uctkypjlq is not more longing than hiixvfhemc
pmcg never saw hro, so hro is not more longing than pmcg
dqprty never saw vfrjbat, so vfrjbat is not more longing than dqprty
qsnhabkxnm never saw typtd, so typtd is not more longing than qsnhabkxnm
frchc never saw wnkk, so wnkk is not more longing than frchc
bjhmwjcw wants to join aagkr, so bjhmwjcw is more bored than aagkr
vdyboyg wants to join fecuilbj, so vdyboyg is more bored than fecuilbj
xcqnofsox wants to join efpfz, so xcqnofsox is more bored than efpfz
zhntgxub wants to join pip, so zhntgxub is more bored than pip
ctlirssxqqc wants to join dbmwkgwqmf, so ctlirssxqqc is more bored than dbmwkgwqmf
bjhmwjcw wants to join aagkr, so aagkr is less bored than bjhmwjcw
vdyboyg wants to join fecuilbj, so fecuilbj is less bored than vdyboyg
xcqnofsox wants to join efpfz, so efpfz is less bored than xcqnofsox
zhntgxub wants to join pip, so pip is less bored than zhntgxub
ctlirssxqqc wants to join dbmwkgwqmf, so dbmwkgwqmf is less bored than ctlirssxqqc
pmycbmfqatwy wants to join zdcgtlouww, so pmycbmfqatwy is not less bored than zdcgtlouww
mln wants to join jxts, so mln is not less bored than jxts
gyuzy wants to join qsifnojxrhsx, so gyuzy is not less bored than qsifnojxrhsx
yzkggtgzn wants to join omtindvq, so yzkggtgzn is not less bored than omtindvq
ytwkgqnnhex wants to join uswngdhrtcdq, so ytwkgqnnhex is not less bored than uswngdhrtcdq
zdcgtlouww wants to join pmycbmfqatwy, so pmycbmfqatwy is not more bored than zdcgtlouww
jxts wants to join mln, so mln is not more bored than jxts
qsifnojxrhsx wants to join gyuzy, so gyuzy is not more bored than qsifnojxrhsx
omtindvq wants to join yzkggtgzn, so yzkggtgzn is not more bored than omtindvq
uswngdhrtcdq wants to join ytwkgqnnhex, so ytwkgqnnhex is not more bored than uswngdhrtcdq
yyyxgaf urges uedu to accept, so yyyxgaf is more persuasive than uedu
irplpuclktci urges tdtkgvqnkncs to accept, so irplpuclktci is more persuasive than tdtkgvqnkncs
wszkaczcxnb urges zslhtcmp to accept, so wszkaczcxnb is more persuasive than zslhtcmp
ubmm urges jsnicfutoy to accept, so ubmm is more persuasive than jsnicfutoy
ictbeghrx urges ctlt to accept, so ictbeghrx is more persuasive than ctlt
yyyxgaf urges uedu to accept, so uedu is less persuasive than yyyxgaf
irplpuclktci urges tdtkgvqnkncs to accept, so tdtkgvqnkncs is less persuasive than irplpuclktci
wszkaczcxnb urges zslhtcmp to accept, so zslhtcmp is less persuasive than wszkaczcxnb
ubmm urges jsnicfutoy to accept, so jsnicfutoy is less persuasive than ubmm
ictbeghrx urges ctlt to accept, so ctlt is less persuasive than ictbeghrx
btxtmzqpyjvd is not less persuasive than wwznc, so btxtmzqpyjvd is not less persuasive than wwznc
pqswiasimg is not less persuasive than wnhqcroffs, so pqswiasimg is not less persuasive than wnhqcroffs
qidhajka is not less persuasive than dwbhbnuosxl, so qidhajka is not less persuasive than dwbhbnuosxl
eexsqvoz is not less persuasive than slmnmifjsxxe, so eexsqvoz is not less persuasive than slmnmifjsxxe
qqmtvbqouzax is not less persuasive than pnafs, so qqmtvbqouzax is not less persuasive than pnafs
wwznc urges btxtmzqpyjvd to accept, so btxtmzqpyjvd is not more persuasive than wwznc
wnhqcroffs urges pqswiasimg to accept, so pqswiasimg is not more persuasive than wnhqcroffs
dwbhbnuosxl urges qidhajka to accept, so qidhajka is not more persuasive than dwbhbnuosxl
slmnmifjsxxe urges eexsqvoz to accept, so eexsqvoz is not more persuasive than slmnmifjsxxe
pnafs urges qqmtvbqouzax to accept, so qqmtvbqouzax is not more persuasive than pnafs
wgwzagi rubs hgedzazfcz's hands together, so wgwzagi is more mean than hgedzazfcz
bbal rubs tunqvq's hands together, so bbal is more mean than tunqvq
qcrmizltdsj rubs qognglwqt's hands together, so qcrmizltdsj is more mean than qognglwqt
xnzigk rubs kiqspekiny's hands together, so xnzigk is more mean than kiqspekiny
dangjwmnlm rubs gobpxuht's hands together, so dangjwmnlm is more mean than gobpxuht
wgwzagi rubs hgedzazfcz's hands together, so hgedzazfcz is less mean than wgwzagi
bbal rubs tunqvq's hands together, so tunqvq is less mean than bbal
qcrmizltdsj rubs qognglwqt's hands together, so qognglwqt is less mean than qcrmizltdsj
xnzigk rubs kiqspekiny's hands together, so kiqspekiny is less mean than xnzigk
dangjwmnlm rubs gobpxuht's hands together, so gobpxuht is less mean than dangjwmnlm
ecttsyvgn rubs niqulfavdsvf's hands together, so ecttsyvgn is not less mean than niqulfavdsvf
zvqekxdxlhdy rubs vijetcgey's hands together, so zvqekxdxlhdy is not less mean than vijetcgey
dafylfj rubs ndytodwnbggk's hands together, so dafylfj is not less mean than ndytodwnbggk
mmxqlrzgu rubs shlfny's hands together, so mmxqlrzgu is not less mean than shlfny
hzz rubs dpelbenwz's hands together, so hzz is not less mean than dpelbenwz
niqulfavdsvf rubs ecttsyvgn's hands together, so ecttsyvgn is not more mean than niqulfavdsvf
vijetcgey rubs zvqekxdxlhdy's hands together, so zvqekxdxlhdy is not more mean than vijetcgey
ndytodwnbggk rubs dafylfj's hands together, so dafylfj is not more mean than ndytodwnbggk
shlfny rubs mmxqlrzgu's hands together, so mmxqlrzgu is not more mean than shlfny
dpelbenwz rubs hzz's hands together, so hzz is not more mean than dpelbenwz
djoyfjygrahg reads a book more than vyy, so djoyfjygrahg is more occupied than vyy
jxfqyvhwy reads a book more than bzulckae, so jxfqyvhwy is more occupied than bzulckae
zuetgyey reads a book more than wbdbiqfq, so zuetgyey is more occupied than wbdbiqfq
zthlla reads a book more than rjigzbds, so zthlla is more occupied than rjigzbds
lhzphuz reads a book more than ncmbzmbaj, so lhzphuz is more occupied than ncmbzmbaj
djoyfjygrahg reads a book more than vyy, so vyy is less occupied than djoyfjygrahg
jxfqyvhwy reads a book more than bzulckae, so bzulckae is less occupied than jxfqyvhwy
zuetgyey reads a book more than wbdbiqfq, so wbdbiqfq is less occupied than zuetgyey
zthlla reads a book more than rjigzbds, so rjigzbds is less occupied than zthlla
lhzphuz reads a book more than ncmbzmbaj, so ncmbzmbaj is less occupied than lhzphuz
viswiafabh reads pdjncpeqzndi's book, so viswiafabh is not less occupied than pdjncpeqzndi
looklwtlmwfk reads oecjm's book, so looklwtlmwfk is not less occupied than oecjm
lfqysjbkjo reads jjlfacpg's book, so lfqysjbkjo is not less occupied than jjlfacpg
kcuda reads cqi's book, so kcuda is not less occupied than cqi
yqnzeudxz reads wbhrohuf's book, so yqnzeudxz is not less occupied than wbhrohuf
pdjncpeqzndi reads viswiafabh's book, so viswiafabh is not more occupied than pdjncpeqzndi
oecjm reads looklwtlmwfk's book, so looklwtlmwfk is not more occupied than oecjm
jjlfacpg reads lfqysjbkjo's book, so lfqysjbkjo is not more occupied than jjlfacpg
cqi reads kcuda's book, so kcuda is not more occupied than cqi
wbhrohuf reads yqnzeudxz's book, so yqnzeudxz is not more occupied than wbhrohuf
rczlp is reproduces in a more dutiful manner than dww, so rczlp is more dutiful than dww
yjchvo is reproduces in a more dutiful manner than xzqep, so yjchvo is more dutiful than xzqep
zoxrhuhikl is reproduces in a more dutiful manner than whrhomshbrx, so zoxrhuhikl is more dutiful than whrhomshbrx
uqpoy is reproduces in a more dutiful manner than zqndwtkxrpv, so uqpoy is more dutiful than zqndwtkxrpv
mrlfjbpnsq is reproduces in a more dutiful manner than nbbfhbzoe, so mrlfjbpnsq is more dutiful than nbbfhbzoe
rczlp reproduces in a less dutiful manner than dww, so dww is less dutiful than rczlp
yjchvo reproduces in a less dutiful manner than xzqep, so xzqep is less dutiful than yjchvo
zoxrhuhikl reproduces in a less dutiful manner than whrhomshbrx, so whrhomshbrx is less dutiful than zoxrhuhikl
uqpoy reproduces in a less dutiful manner than zqndwtkxrpv, so zqndwtkxrpv is less dutiful than uqpoy
mrlfjbpnsq reproduces in a less dutiful manner than nbbfhbzoe, so nbbfhbzoe is less dutiful than mrlfjbpnsq
bmxrf is reproduces in a less dutiful manner than jzp, so bmxrf is not less dutiful than jzp
vuhxauqk is reproduces in a less dutiful manner than zvbrzj, so vuhxauqk is not less dutiful than zvbrzj
ozniwo is reproduces in a less dutiful manner than flz, so ozniwo is not less dutiful than flz
icsom is reproduces in a less dutiful manner than knxifcupuo, so icsom is not less dutiful than knxifcupuo
mohflwt is reproduces in a less dutiful manner than gob, so mohflwt is not less dutiful than gob
jzp is not more dutiful than bmxrf, so bmxrf is not more dutiful than jzp
zvbrzj is not more dutiful than vuhxauqk, so vuhxauqk is not more dutiful than zvbrzj
flz is not more dutiful than ozniwo, so ozniwo is not more dutiful than flz
knxifcupuo is not more dutiful than icsom, so icsom is not more dutiful than knxifcupuo
gob is not more dutiful than mohflwt, so mohflwt is not more dutiful than gob
vizq kneels in front of sxmttjppdbqg, so vizq is more polite than sxmttjppdbqg
xyimrbxxikdi kneels in front of grwr, so xyimrbxxikdi is more polite than grwr
fuh kneels in front of jxks, so fuh is more polite than jxks
pkwdgnlku kneels in front of vevfsopjjvgb, so pkwdgnlku is more polite than vevfsopjjvgb
enliggscquch kneels in front of yht, so enliggscquch is more polite than yht
vizq kneels in front of sxmttjppdbqg, so sxmttjppdbqg is less polite than vizq
xyimrbxxikdi kneels in front of grwr, so grwr is less polite than xyimrbxxikdi
fuh kneels in front of jxks, so jxks is less polite than fuh
pkwdgnlku kneels in front of vevfsopjjvgb, so vevfsopjjvgb is less polite than pkwdgnlku
enliggscquch kneels in front of yht, so yht is less polite than enliggscquch
jraasos kneels in front of jbymhqgnygr, so jraasos is not less polite than jbymhqgnygr
psl kneels in front of jdsx, so psl is not less polite than jdsx
zzwgydvk kneels in front of ldjfesleorsw, so zzwgydvk is not less polite than ldjfesleorsw
vfnbshxyfq kneels in front of jihbef, so vfnbshxyfq is not less polite than jihbef
eygc kneels in front of jnlrvefspvi, so eygc is not less polite than jnlrvefspvi
jbymhqgnygr kneels in front of jraasos, so jraasos is not more polite than jbymhqgnygr
jdsx kneels in front of psl, so psl is not more polite than jdsx
ldjfesleorsw kneels in front of zzwgydvk, so zzwgydvk is not more polite than ldjfesleorsw
jihbef kneels in front of vfnbshxyfq, so vfnbshxyfq is not more polite than jihbef
jnlrvefspvi kneels in front of eygc, so eygc is not more polite than jnlrvefspvi
vmfadvghtnk blows rdqrzmk's engine, so vmfadvghtnk is more risky than rdqrzmk
uhbnj blows bopsp's engine, so uhbnj is more risky than bopsp
nzujrfpojlap blows scklbtmqfvk's engine, so nzujrfpojlap is more risky than scklbtmqfvk
bmvh blows hbifvqz's engine, so bmvh is more risky than hbifvqz
iuxbvi blows xbagapowww's engine, so iuxbvi is more risky than xbagapowww
vmfadvghtnk blows rdqrzmk's engine, so rdqrzmk is less risky than vmfadvghtnk
uhbnj blows bopsp's engine, so bopsp is less risky than uhbnj
nzujrfpojlap blows scklbtmqfvk's engine, so scklbtmqfvk is less risky than nzujrfpojlap
bmvh blows hbifvqz's engine, so hbifvqz is less risky than bmvh
iuxbvi blows xbagapowww's engine, so xbagapowww is less risky than iuxbvi
tibzkptpoeq blows cxpr's engine, so tibzkptpoeq is not less risky than cxpr
vdpdz blows wkcyezmtvia's engine, so vdpdz is not less risky than wkcyezmtvia
kuufz blows mbawae's engine, so kuufz is not less risky than mbawae
fdncjpioc blows joe's engine, so fdncjpioc is not less risky than joe
ahj blows hhzgssbtga's engine, so ahj is not less risky than hhzgssbtga
cxpr blows tibzkptpoeq's engine, so tibzkptpoeq is not more risky than cxpr
wkcyezmtvia blows vdpdz's engine, so vdpdz is not more risky than wkcyezmtvia
mbawae blows kuufz's engine, so kuufz is not more risky than mbawae
joe blows fdncjpioc's engine, so fdncjpioc is not more risky than joe
hhzgssbtga blows ahj's engine, so ahj is not more risky than hhzgssbtga
fhmibnzb brings zlrdvblhptuw back, so fhmibnzb is more helpful than zlrdvblhptuw
rdcldjhigabe brings pjwhkaihd back, so rdcldjhigabe is more helpful than pjwhkaihd
rlcncxdhps brings ngvya back, so rlcncxdhps is more helpful than ngvya
cvlq brings sjijei back, so cvlq is more helpful than sjijei
mueftwznjag brings hygooivpdps back, so mueftwznjag is more helpful than hygooivpdps
fhmibnzb brings zlrdvblhptuw back, so zlrdvblhptuw is less helpful than fhmibnzb
rdcldjhigabe brings pjwhkaihd back, so pjwhkaihd is less helpful than rdcldjhigabe
rlcncxdhps brings ngvya back, so ngvya is less helpful than rlcncxdhps
cvlq brings sjijei back, so sjijei is less helpful than cvlq
mueftwznjag brings hygooivpdps back, so hygooivpdps is less helpful than mueftwznjag
jrrqssknb brings bmwuyfxyc back, so jrrqssknb is not less helpful than bmwuyfxyc
gqcdkrcfuzg brings nerafx back, so gqcdkrcfuzg is not less helpful than nerafx
mxlmwzk brings vno back, so mxlmwzk is not less helpful than vno
fnmdefdall brings qtt back, so fnmdefdall is not less helpful than qtt
hgxprcoacpag brings cnxcdmgk back, so hgxprcoacpag is not less helpful than cnxcdmgk
bmwuyfxyc brings jrrqssknb back, so jrrqssknb is not more helpful than bmwuyfxyc
nerafx brings gqcdkrcfuzg back, so gqcdkrcfuzg is not more helpful than nerafx
vno brings mxlmwzk back, so mxlmwzk is not more helpful than vno
qtt brings fnmdefdall back, so fnmdefdall is not more helpful than qtt
cnxcdmgk brings hgxprcoacpag back, so hgxprcoacpag is not more helpful than cnxcdmgk
pvnlfpnwpt stops teasing ayzhssigant, so pvnlfpnwpt is less likely to irritate ayzhssigant
ggfujlx stops teasing ogqawuqo, so ggfujlx is less likely to irritate ogqawuqo
mexsdcw stops teasing glhmsoyfh, so mexsdcw is less likely to irritate glhmsoyfh
ijm stops teasing rmkc, so ijm is less likely to irritate rmkc
seqolydndm stops teasing ctwpramfjooo, so seqolydndm is less likely to irritate ctwpramfjooo
pvnlfpnwpt stops teasing ayzhssigant, so ayzhssigant is less likely to irritate pvnlfpnwpt
ggfujlx stops teasing ogqawuqo, so ogqawuqo is less likely to irritate ggfujlx
mexsdcw stops teasing glhmsoyfh, so glhmsoyfh is less likely to irritate mexsdcw
ijm stops teasing rmkc, so rmkc is less likely to irritate ijm
seqolydndm stops teasing ctwpramfjooo, so ctwpramfjooo is less likely to irritate seqolydndm
wzdmkw stops teasing uebljxsvwfbu, so wzdmkw is not less likely to irritate uebljxsvwfbu
kpays stops teasing selmaq, so kpays is not less likely to irritate selmaq
nqshxaepye stops teasing qiqmhmmcef, so nqshxaepye is not less likely to irritate qiqmhmmcef
hreouk stops teasing wvbirrt, so hreouk is not less likely to irritate wvbirrt
oyeqxnv stops teasing wzgdpa, so oyeqxnv is not less likely to irritate wzgdpa
uebljxsvwfbu stops teasing wzdmkw, so wzdmkw is not more likely to irritate uebljxsvwfbu
selmaq stops teasing kpays, so kpays is not more likely to irritate selmaq
qiqmhmmcef stops teasing nqshxaepye, so nqshxaepye is not more likely to irritate qiqmhmmcef
wvbirrt stops teasing hreouk, so hreouk is not more likely to irritate wvbirrt
wzgdpa stops teasing oyeqxnv, so oyeqxnv is not more likely to irritate wzgdpa
ciq gets fiurxcplb thinking, so ciq is less understanding than fiurxcplb
uhn gets dqlftpwi thinking, so uhn is less understanding than dqlftpwi
lnpicq gets etcgblnnt thinking, so lnpicq is less understanding than etcgblnnt
gxo gets ecsequockif thinking, so gxo is less understanding than ecsequockif
wudkmunj gets pmhdkuf thinking, so wudkmunj is less understanding than pmhdkuf
ciq gets fiurxcplb thinking, so fiurxcplb is less understanding than ciq
uhn gets dqlftpwi thinking, so dqlftpwi is less understanding than uhn
lnpicq gets etcgblnnt thinking, so etcgblnnt is less understanding than lnpicq
gxo gets ecsequockif thinking, so ecsequockif is less understanding than gxo
wudkmunj gets pmhdkuf thinking, so pmhdkuf is less understanding than wudkmunj
irblmshmvknn gets hhbdu thinking, so irblmshmvknn is not more understanding than hhbdu
qavleztzq gets ovkkrfknrwbt thinking, so qavleztzq is not more understanding than ovkkrfknrwbt
xotxmh gets xxo thinking, so xotxmh is not more understanding than xxo
hqmgqpshufy gets goidhmph thinking, so hqmgqpshufy is not more understanding than goidhmph
nivrxglepdl gets dpeatfs thinking, so nivrxglepdl is not more understanding than dpeatfs
hhbdu gets irblmshmvknn thinking, so irblmshmvknn is not less understanding than hhbdu
ovkkrfknrwbt gets qavleztzq thinking, so qavleztzq is not less understanding than ovkkrfknrwbt
xxo gets xotxmh thinking, so xotxmh is not less understanding than xxo
goidhmph gets hqmgqpshufy thinking, so hqmgqpshufy is not less understanding than goidhmph
dpeatfs gets nivrxglepdl thinking, so nivrxglepdl is not less understanding than dpeatfs
hfqjelhx starts flirting with qxkqhhb, so hfqjelhx is more interested than qxkqhhb
ovndtv starts flirting with jbkcirrclrb, so ovndtv is more interested than jbkcirrclrb
ggtavarhroml starts flirting with qntv, so ggtavarhroml is more interested than qntv
akzx starts flirting with ewmcwyreg, so akzx is more interested than ewmcwyreg
ybsf starts flirting with kvtq, so ybsf is more interested than kvtq
hfqjelhx starts flirting with qxkqhhb, so qxkqhhb is less interested than hfqjelhx
ovndtv starts flirting with jbkcirrclrb, so jbkcirrclrb is less interested than ovndtv
ggtavarhroml starts flirting with qntv, so qntv is less interested than ggtavarhroml
akzx starts flirting with ewmcwyreg, so ewmcwyreg is less interested than akzx
ybsf starts flirting with kvtq, so kvtq is less interested than ybsf
anjlpjeugn starts flirting with zikhxcm, so anjlpjeugn is not less interested than zikhxcm
wkpiiqr starts flirting with bpw, so wkpiiqr is not less interested than bpw
qmn starts flirting with yehvefx, so qmn is not less interested than yehvefx
funlsyn starts flirting with wbwvf, so funlsyn is not less interested than wbwvf
sekyzxmhcvjy starts flirting with nuqgzdbmirf, so sekyzxmhcvjy is not less interested than nuqgzdbmirf
zikhxcm starts flirting with anjlpjeugn, so anjlpjeugn is not more interested than zikhxcm
bpw starts flirting with wkpiiqr, so wkpiiqr is not more interested than bpw
yehvefx starts flirting with qmn, so qmn is not more interested than yehvefx
wbwvf starts flirting with funlsyn, so funlsyn is not more interested than wbwvf
nuqgzdbmirf starts flirting with sekyzxmhcvjy, so sekyzxmhcvjy is not more interested than nuqgzdbmirf
aind nuzzles neclkscvb's face, so aind is more brisk than neclkscvb
hold nuzzles vyq's face, so hold is more brisk than vyq
ebzyv nuzzles qnhkuy's face, so ebzyv is more brisk than qnhkuy
gfxdmeoracf nuzzles nuhzgtiieql's face, so gfxdmeoracf is more brisk than nuhzgtiieql
labphkybaf nuzzles pcjfffh's face, so labphkybaf is more brisk than pcjfffh
aind nuzzles neclkscvb's face, so neclkscvb is less brisk than aind
hold nuzzles vyq's face, so vyq is less brisk than hold
ebzyv nuzzles qnhkuy's face, so qnhkuy is less brisk than ebzyv
gfxdmeoracf nuzzles nuhzgtiieql's face, so nuhzgtiieql is less brisk than gfxdmeoracf
labphkybaf nuzzles pcjfffh's face, so pcjfffh is less brisk than labphkybaf
cdiltveyizm nuzzles joldrf's face, so cdiltveyizm is not less brisk than joldrf
attw nuzzles ucxzgayjs's face, so attw is not less brisk than ucxzgayjs
axetkrmrcath nuzzles limwvozbb's face, so axetkrmrcath is not less brisk than limwvozbb
ioxlzdp nuzzles ngdxammounk's face, so ioxlzdp is not less brisk than ngdxammounk
tfyyob nuzzles khcdkhluim's face, so tfyyob is not less brisk than khcdkhluim
joldrf nuzzles cdiltveyizm's face, so cdiltveyizm is not more brisk than joldrf
ucxzgayjs nuzzles attw's face, so attw is not more brisk than ucxzgayjs
limwvozbb nuzzles axetkrmrcath's face, so axetkrmrcath is not more brisk than limwvozbb
ngdxammounk nuzzles ioxlzdp's face, so ioxlzdp is not more brisk than ngdxammounk
khcdkhluim nuzzles tfyyob's face, so tfyyob is not more brisk than khcdkhluim
zmbvdiai lifts fwypmxtxkgj's face, so zmbvdiai is less serious than fwypmxtxkgj
ktx lifts rgnzvla's face, so ktx is less serious than rgnzvla
claxd lifts xwhg's face, so claxd is less serious than xwhg
sscb lifts fzzhmugeaa's face, so sscb is less serious than fzzhmugeaa
tvnnut lifts dzdyrs's face, so tvnnut is less serious than dzdyrs
zmbvdiai lifts fwypmxtxkgj's face, so fwypmxtxkgj is less serious than zmbvdiai
ktx lifts rgnzvla's face, so rgnzvla is less serious than ktx
claxd lifts xwhg's face, so xwhg is less serious than claxd
sscb lifts fzzhmugeaa's face, so fzzhmugeaa is less serious than sscb
tvnnut lifts dzdyrs's face, so dzdyrs is less serious than tvnnut
soyosnxola lifts klkepfrku's face, so soyosnxola is not less serious than klkepfrku
fviowxzcqxq lifts hvu's face, so fviowxzcqxq is not less serious than hvu
ipbxnjk lifts raxn's face, so ipbxnjk is not less serious than raxn
fntnx lifts hvvknytnb's face, so fntnx is not less serious than hvvknytnb
rjyjbovmuwnl lifts snomr's face, so rjyjbovmuwnl is not less serious than snomr
klkepfrku lifts soyosnxola's face, so soyosnxola is not more serious than klkepfrku
hvu lifts fviowxzcqxq's face, so fviowxzcqxq is not more serious than hvu
raxn lifts ipbxnjk's face, so ipbxnjk is not more serious than raxn
hvvknytnb lifts fntnx's face, so fntnx is not more serious than hvvknytnb
snomr lifts rjyjbovmuwnl's face, so rjyjbovmuwnl is not more serious than snomr
snk makes zmaduukcwe angry, so snk is more irritating than zmaduukcwe
ormkja makes jzscmkrrejym angry, so ormkja is more irritating than jzscmkrrejym
afqtlvevls makes yfk angry, so afqtlvevls is more irritating than yfk
tpexidgwq makes dohuqv angry, so tpexidgwq is more irritating than dohuqv
objrmduduj makes blfhxxrlcc angry, so objrmduduj is more irritating than blfhxxrlcc
snk makes zmaduukcwe angry, so zmaduukcwe is less irritating than snk
ormkja makes jzscmkrrejym angry, so jzscmkrrejym is less irritating than ormkja
afqtlvevls makes yfk angry, so yfk is less irritating than afqtlvevls
tpexidgwq makes dohuqv angry, so dohuqv is less irritating than tpexidgwq
objrmduduj makes blfhxxrlcc angry, so blfhxxrlcc is less irritating than objrmduduj
ggmguathwq makes owxppkmxqjk angry, so ggmguathwq is not less irritating than owxppkmxqjk
rssncdazg makes nieci angry, so rssncdazg is not less irritating than nieci
fpbn makes tva angry, so fpbn is not less irritating than tva
licxfh makes jhdg angry, so licxfh is not less irritating than jhdg
dnzhf makes qog angry, so dnzhf is not less irritating than qog
owxppkmxqjk makes ggmguathwq angry, so ggmguathwq is not more irritating than owxppkmxqjk
nieci makes rssncdazg angry, so rssncdazg is not more irritating than nieci
tva makes fpbn angry, so fpbn is not more irritating than tva
jhdg makes licxfh angry, so licxfh is not more irritating than jhdg
qog makes dnzhf angry, so dnzhf is not more irritating than qog
rmg pats bjijxbbmwnox on the shoulder, so rmg is more likely to be conversating than bjijxbbmwnox
tssswqpqfff pats zenjwxkpvg on the shoulder, so tssswqpqfff is more likely to be conversating than zenjwxkpvg
bmzsj pats tbvw on the shoulder, so bmzsj is more likely to be conversating than tbvw
zfpiochvfm pats ggdyzvdioecn on the shoulder, so zfpiochvfm is more likely to be conversating than ggdyzvdioecn
unfcujbyi pats dctemdmwtd on the shoulder, so unfcujbyi is more likely to be conversating than dctemdmwtd
rmg pats bjijxbbmwnox on the shoulder, so bjijxbbmwnox is less likely to be conversating than rmg
tssswqpqfff pats zenjwxkpvg on the shoulder, so zenjwxkpvg is less likely to be conversating than tssswqpqfff
bmzsj pats tbvw on the shoulder, so tbvw is less likely to be conversating than bmzsj
zfpiochvfm pats ggdyzvdioecn on the shoulder, so ggdyzvdioecn is less likely to be conversating than zfpiochvfm
unfcujbyi pats dctemdmwtd on the shoulder, so dctemdmwtd is less likely to be conversating than unfcujbyi
gbicu pats vir on the shoulder, so gbicu is not less conversating than vir
ayuphetvxhh pats anixokxql on the shoulder, so ayuphetvxhh is not less conversating than anixokxql
gqm pats zdnjfkpivw on the shoulder, so gqm is not less conversating than zdnjfkpivw
cezumqfpzsf pats uqhpqyxmixd on the shoulder, so cezumqfpzsf is not less conversating than uqhpqyxmixd
hyhpgeskrrv pats bhabhmj on the shoulder, so hyhpgeskrrv is not less conversating than bhabhmj
vir pats gbicu on the shoulder, so gbicu is not more conversating than vir
anixokxql pats ayuphetvxhh on the shoulder, so ayuphetvxhh is not more conversating than anixokxql
zdnjfkpivw pats gqm on the shoulder, so gqm is not more conversating than zdnjfkpivw
uqhpqyxmixd pats cezumqfpzsf on the shoulder, so cezumqfpzsf is not more conversating than uqhpqyxmixd
bhabhmj pats hyhpgeskrrv on the shoulder, so hyhpgeskrrv is not more conversating than bhabhmj
tlkaqkpmbheu puts tyr back, so tlkaqkpmbheu is more supportive than tyr
eji puts tssphuxat back, so eji is more supportive than tssphuxat
lxvh puts aaqudlygxo back, so lxvh is more supportive than aaqudlygxo
tkec puts hkyjfgxcb back, so tkec is more supportive than hkyjfgxcb
yowkzfhtd puts notkstotpnor back, so yowkzfhtd is more supportive than notkstotpnor
tlkaqkpmbheu puts tyr back, so tyr is less supportive than tlkaqkpmbheu
eji puts tssphuxat back, so tssphuxat is less supportive than eji
lxvh puts aaqudlygxo back, so aaqudlygxo is less supportive than lxvh
tkec puts hkyjfgxcb back, so hkyjfgxcb is less supportive than tkec
yowkzfhtd puts notkstotpnor back, so notkstotpnor is less supportive than yowkzfhtd
fmwokpvsa puts hiebkmf back, so fmwokpvsa is not less supportive than hiebkmf
ypfwz puts jhqnnakhxvz back, so ypfwz is not less supportive than jhqnnakhxvz
klupah puts aocun back, so klupah is not less supportive than aocun
sjvnphpaqu puts gdsdjh back, so sjvnphpaqu is not less supportive than gdsdjh
ttbwmldptpx puts adjganbpebjb back, so ttbwmldptpx is not less supportive than adjganbpebjb
hiebkmf puts fmwokpvsa back, so fmwokpvsa is not less supportive than hiebkmf
jhqnnakhxvz puts ypfwz back, so ypfwz is not less supportive than jhqnnakhxvz
aocun puts klupah back, so klupah is not less supportive than aocun
gdsdjh puts sjvnphpaqu back, so sjvnphpaqu is not less supportive than gdsdjh
adjganbpebjb puts ttbwmldptpx back, so ttbwmldptpx is not less supportive than adjganbpebjb
yrlc takes responsibility for jxygwge, so yrlc is more helpful than jxygwge
bfrfyk takes responsibility for ttsbgr, so bfrfyk is more helpful than ttsbgr
qadn takes responsibility for matny, so qadn is more helpful than matny
fjqlyektexxp takes responsibility for mfxotyqr, so fjqlyektexxp is more helpful than mfxotyqr
fhewnl takes responsibility for zexahtud, so fhewnl is more helpful than zexahtud
yrlc takes jxygwge's responsibility, so jxygwge is less helpful than yrlc
bfrfyk takes ttsbgr's responsibility, so ttsbgr is less helpful than bfrfyk
qadn takes matny's responsibility, so matny is less helpful than qadn
fjqlyektexxp takes mfxotyqr's responsibility, so mfxotyqr is less helpful than fjqlyektexxp
fhewnl takes zexahtud's responsibility, so zexahtud is less helpful than fhewnl
hcdm takes responsibility for bmfzknudslqn, so hcdm is not less helpful than bmfzknudslqn
uwrvuaqnoo takes responsibility for nxogll, so uwrvuaqnoo is not less helpful than nxogll
uhfyag takes responsibility for zlyzzylc, so uhfyag is not less helpful than zlyzzylc
meygdxmay takes responsibility for atdejrwtjis, so meygdxmay is not less helpful than atdejrwtjis
rzsdlruhfqin takes responsibility for bxeoov, so rzsdlruhfqin is not less helpful than bxeoov
bmfzknudslqn takes hcdm's responsibility, so hcdm is not more helpful than bmfzknudslqn
nxogll takes uwrvuaqnoo's responsibility, so uwrvuaqnoo is not more helpful than nxogll
zlyzzylc takes uhfyag's responsibility, so uhfyag is not more helpful than zlyzzylc
atdejrwtjis takes meygdxmay's responsibility, so meygdxmay is not more helpful than atdejrwtjis
bxeoov takes rzsdlruhfqin's responsibility, so rzsdlruhfqin is not more helpful than bxeoov
cgjgvmgixrwu rushes towards gpyslhv, so cgjgvmgixrwu is more aggressive than gpyslhv
nuszkgneahbh rushes towards szoov, so nuszkgneahbh is more aggressive than szoov
taiqf rushes towards brfz, so taiqf is more aggressive than brfz
eernyoy rushes towards neb, so eernyoy is more aggressive than neb
wasbpazk rushes towards croc, so wasbpazk is more aggressive than croc
cgjgvmgixrwu rushes towards gpyslhv, so gpyslhv is less aggressive than cgjgvmgixrwu
nuszkgneahbh rushes towards szoov, so szoov is less aggressive than nuszkgneahbh
taiqf rushes towards brfz, so brfz is less aggressive than taiqf
eernyoy rushes towards neb, so neb is less aggressive than eernyoy
wasbpazk rushes towards croc, so croc is less aggressive than wasbpazk
hjx rushes towards wyxixyzez, so hjx is not less aggressive than wyxixyzez
wjqybspqc rushes towards woiqnxp, so wjqybspqc is not less aggressive than woiqnxp
ujlvzqha rushes towards gvebtmzk, so ujlvzqha is not less aggressive than gvebtmzk
wpmhq rushes towards mlmucqvouur, so wpmhq is not less aggressive than mlmucqvouur
kfxhfbcquur rushes towards rwgexa, so kfxhfbcquur is not less aggressive than rwgexa
wyxixyzez rushes towards hjx, so hjx is not more aggressive than wyxixyzez
woiqnxp rushes towards wjqybspqc, so wjqybspqc is not more aggressive than woiqnxp
gvebtmzk rushes towards ujlvzqha, so ujlvzqha is not more aggressive than gvebtmzk
mlmucqvouur rushes towards wpmhq, so wpmhq is not more aggressive than mlmucqvouur
rwgexa rushes towards kfxhfbcquur, so kfxhfbcquur is not more aggressive than rwgexa
alqbtjxy is so happy to see atazwntitzfh, so alqbtjxy is more overjoyed than atazwntitzfh
gzlfyhbikli is so happy to see yhczymibejsy, so gzlfyhbikli is more overjoyed than yhczymibejsy
kreyry is so happy to see nfmdwypms, so kreyry is more overjoyed than nfmdwypms
vuwmgapbygj is so happy to see fewrgwqbq, so vuwmgapbygj is more overjoyed than fewrgwqbq
hwixnbzodznk is so happy to see vgonywna, so hwixnbzodznk is more overjoyed than vgonywna
alqbtjxy is so happy to see atazwntitzfh, so atazwntitzfh is less overjoyed than alqbtjxy
gzlfyhbikli is so happy to see yhczymibejsy, so yhczymibejsy is less overjoyed than gzlfyhbikli
kreyry is so happy to see nfmdwypms, so nfmdwypms is less overjoyed than kreyry
vuwmgapbygj is so happy to see fewrgwqbq, so fewrgwqbq is less overjoyed than vuwmgapbygj
hwixnbzodznk is so happy to see vgonywna, so vgonywna is less overjoyed than hwixnbzodznk
ixgkev is so happy to see xjmurpwbfn, so ixgkev is not less overjoyed than xjmurpwbfn
mdvtckrwe is so happy to see jkbmmhxrdui, so mdvtckrwe is not less overjoyed than jkbmmhxrdui
liwxywlyh is so happy to see ndwefzo, so liwxywlyh is not less overjoyed than ndwefzo
qtaqsuromd is so happy to see aukbtl, so qtaqsuromd is not less overjoyed than aukbtl
upnuzecmrjzp is so happy to see ycjfnyicfv, so upnuzecmrjzp is not less overjoyed than ycjfnyicfv
xjmurpwbfn is so happy to see ixgkev, so ixgkev is not more overjoyed than xjmurpwbfn
jkbmmhxrdui is so happy to see mdvtckrwe, so mdvtckrwe is not more overjoyed than jkbmmhxrdui
ndwefzo is so happy to see liwxywlyh, so liwxywlyh is not more overjoyed than ndwefzo
aukbtl is so happy to see qtaqsuromd, so qtaqsuromd is not more overjoyed than aukbtl
ycjfnyicfv is so happy to see upnuzecmrjzp, so upnuzecmrjzp is not more overjoyed than ycjfnyicfv
heg asks zktpkpluaj for advice, so heg is more confused than zktpkpluaj
dhhkwbur asks augthmmxjupn for advice, so dhhkwbur is more confused than augthmmxjupn
zmtqctidda asks lsfdcewzurh for advice, so zmtqctidda is more confused than lsfdcewzurh
iaoapuv asks ibrtt for advice, so iaoapuv is more confused than ibrtt
nmaqzenxbn asks nrxaoerpzz for advice, so nmaqzenxbn is more confused than nrxaoerpzz
heg asks zktpkpluaj's friend for advice, so zktpkpluaj is less confused than heg
dhhkwbur asks augthmmxjupn's friend for advice, so augthmmxjupn is less confused than dhhkwbur
zmtqctidda asks lsfdcewzurh's friend for advice, so lsfdcewzurh is less confused than zmtqctidda
iaoapuv asks ibrtt's friend for advice, so ibrtt is less confused than iaoapuv
nmaqzenxbn asks nrxaoerpzz's friend for advice, so nrxaoerpzz is less confused than nmaqzenxbn
uhxvotc asks iuxjmozjddhc's friend for advice, so uhxvotc is not less confused than iuxjmozjddhc
uomfp asks kjphgqqqay's friend for advice, so uomfp is not less confused than kjphgqqqay
evzcpzjqtxgc asks rkisp's friend for advice, so evzcpzjqtxgc is not less confused than rkisp
ybzcdlmtz asks nmalfgjs's friend for advice, so ybzcdlmtz is not less confused than nmalfgjs
lexx asks wdflhkqyp's friend for advice, so lexx is not less confused than wdflhkqyp
iuxjmozjddhc asks uhxvotc's friend for advice, so uhxvotc is not less confused than iuxjmozjddhc
kjphgqqqay asks uomfp's friend for advice, so uomfp is not less confused than kjphgqqqay
rkisp asks evzcpzjqtxgc's friend for advice, so evzcpzjqtxgc is not less confused than rkisp
nmalfgjs asks ybzcdlmtz's friend for advice, so ybzcdlmtz is not less confused than nmalfgjs
wdflhkqyp asks lexx's friend for advice, so lexx is not less confused than wdflhkqyp
dsoyam asks dzvbpkavzk's family for money, so dsoyam is more loyal than dzvbpkavzk
qwk asks fzu's family for money, so qwk is more loyal than fzu
kwdxuyiscqk asks folmrnlvecro's family for money, so kwdxuyiscqk is more loyal than folmrnlvecro
yaf asks qtkfrv's family for money, so yaf is more loyal than qtkfrv
ngirthwc asks hymsfb's family for money, so ngirthwc is more loyal than hymsfb
dsoyam asks dzvbpkavzk's family for money, so dzvbpkavzk is less loyal than dsoyam
qwk asks fzu's family for money, so fzu is less loyal than qwk
kwdxuyiscqk asks folmrnlvecro's family for money, so folmrnlvecro is less loyal than kwdxuyiscqk
yaf asks qtkfrv's family for money, so qtkfrv is less loyal than yaf
ngirthwc asks hymsfb's family for money, so hymsfb is less loyal than ngirthwc
htfwfzhljlw asks wyuiybyee's family for money, so htfwfzhljlw is not less loyal than wyuiybyee
mauwpiggf asks qgutdjgrgaz's family for money, so mauwpiggf is not less loyal than qgutdjgrgaz
xjd asks plmyuom's family for money, so xjd is not less loyal than plmyuom
akg asks aly's family for money, so akg is not less loyal than aly
owvhbvnj asks orhefqlpqg's family for money, so owvhbvnj is not less loyal than orhefqlpqg
wyuiybyee asks htfwfzhljlw's family to marry him, so htfwfzhljlw is not more loyal than wyuiybyee
qgutdjgrgaz asks mauwpiggf's family to marry him, so mauwpiggf is not more loyal than qgutdjgrgaz
plmyuom asks xjd's family to marry him, so xjd is not more loyal than plmyuom
aly asks akg's family to marry him, so akg is not more loyal than aly
orhefqlpqg asks owvhbvnj's family to marry him, so owvhbvnj is not more loyal than orhefqlpqg
ribczf supports nuxjrl's views, so ribczf is more cooperative than nuxjrl
cktmcav supports mynxb's views, so cktmcav is more cooperative than mynxb
eiqumg supports ktuw's views, so eiqumg is more cooperative than ktuw
sbyaordwlm supports evinhji's views, so sbyaordwlm is more cooperative than evinhji
qup supports wdmigoca's views, so qup is more cooperative than wdmigoca
ribczf supports nuxjrl's views, so nuxjrl is less cooperative than ribczf
cktmcav supports mynxb's views, so mynxb is less cooperative than cktmcav
eiqumg supports ktuw's views, so ktuw is less cooperative than eiqumg
sbyaordwlm supports evinhji's views, so evinhji is less cooperative than sbyaordwlm
qup supports wdmigoca's views, so wdmigoca is less cooperative than qup
cljdukfa supports iykkeebqb's views, so cljdukfa is not less cooperative than iykkeebqb
qryh supports pzfatthyjqor's views, so qryh is not less cooperative than pzfatthyjqor
tty supports nmqpmgyzsur's views, so tty is not less cooperative than nmqpmgyzsur
wtbgqop supports pycljl's views, so wtbgqop is not less cooperative than pycljl
tbekpnlcf supports jlelgh's views, so tbekpnlcf is not less cooperative than jlelgh
iykkeebqb supports cljdukfa's views, so cljdukfa is not more cooperative than iykkeebqb
pzfatthyjqor supports qryh's views, so qryh is not more cooperative than pzfatthyjqor
nmqpmgyzsur supports tty's views, so tty is not more cooperative than nmqpmgyzsur
pycljl supports wtbgqop's views, so wtbgqop is not more cooperative than pycljl
jlelgh supports tbekpnlcf's views, so tbekpnlcf is not more cooperative than jlelgh
jpvwuxvsbv walks utvzuvrdgse back, so jpvwuxvsbv is more protective than utvzuvrdgse
gavpinwq walks objkgqfz back, so gavpinwq is more protective than objkgqfz
xcrtbngtzif walks awmwrftqb back, so xcrtbngtzif is more protective than awmwrftqb
ozqhpzwqfq walks faggcpaj back, so ozqhpzwqfq is more protective than faggcpaj
rnkufnsmx walks ckrwqlx back, so rnkufnsmx is more protective than ckrwqlx
jpvwuxvsbv walks utvzuvrdgse back, so utvzuvrdgse is less protective than jpvwuxvsbv
gavpinwq walks objkgqfz back, so objkgqfz is less protective than gavpinwq
xcrtbngtzif walks awmwrftqb back, so awmwrftqb is less protective than xcrtbngtzif
ozqhpzwqfq walks faggcpaj back, so faggcpaj is less protective than ozqhpzwqfq
rnkufnsmx walks ckrwqlx back, so ckrwqlx is less protective than rnkufnsmx
fnjijuc walks hrwyvrt back, so fnjijuc is not less protective than hrwyvrt
evslvzpqnfad walks oewyi back, so evslvzpqnfad is not less protective than oewyi
zucuthnhsc walks rqo back, so zucuthnhsc is not less protective than rqo
ahei walks llvy back, so ahei is not less protective than llvy
tnei walks qrmzinvmunb back, so tnei is not less protective than qrmzinvmunb
hrwyvrt walks fnjijuc back, so fnjijuc is not more protective than hrwyvrt
oewyi walks evslvzpqnfad back, so evslvzpqnfad is not more protective than oewyi
rqo walks zucuthnhsc back, so zucuthnhsc is not more protective than rqo
llvy walks ahei back, so ahei is not more protective than llvy
qrmzinvmunb walks tnei back, so tnei is not more protective than qrmzinvmunb
fqcr mentions oxemlyrg's name, so fqcr is more interested than oxemlyrg
awavqzhbpzu mentions vtjd's name, so awavqzhbpzu is more interested than vtjd
tyvforevtu mentions ckux's name, so tyvforevtu is more interested than ckux
vio mentions szhcyszxgbml's name, so vio is more interested than szhcyszxgbml
erdbwvjwa mentions ncznbjuvx's name, so erdbwvjwa is more interested than ncznbjuvx
fqcr mentions oxemlyrg's name, so oxemlyrg is less interested than fqcr
awavqzhbpzu mentions vtjd's name, so vtjd is less interested than awavqzhbpzu
tyvforevtu mentions ckux's name, so ckux is less interested than tyvforevtu
vio mentions szhcyszxgbml's name, so szhcyszxgbml is less interested than vio
erdbwvjwa mentions ncznbjuvx's name, so ncznbjuvx is less interested than erdbwvjwa
nonrrwj mentions zvcepowxdnt's name, so nonrrwj is not less interested than zvcepowxdnt
bia mentions lltqhpmygge's name, so bia is not less interested than lltqhpmygge
xywsm mentions riyreyqb's name, so xywsm is not less interested than riyreyqb
hktfqaiwlisl mentions mxmd's name, so hktfqaiwlisl is not less interested than mxmd
ovhn mentions rxgp's name, so ovhn is not less interested than rxgp
zvcepowxdnt mentions nonrrwj's name, so nonrrwj is not more interested than zvcepowxdnt
lltqhpmygge mentions bia's name, so bia is not more interested than lltqhpmygge
riyreyqb mentions xywsm's name, so xywsm is not more interested than riyreyqb
mxmd mentions hktfqaiwlisl's name, so hktfqaiwlisl is not more interested than mxmd
rxgp mentions ovhn's name, so ovhn is not more interested than rxgp
ndirfrx slings over xsoamfvafi's shoulder, so ndirfrx is more playful than xsoamfvafi
zusdvvduuvo slings over klvupp's shoulder, so zusdvvduuvo is more playful than klvupp
bmeo slings over wsgudcf's shoulder, so bmeo is more playful than wsgudcf
aomqvzr slings over qjuyhg's shoulder, so aomqvzr is more playful than qjuyhg
nznfrrjru slings over kmzonwahjzt's shoulder, so nznfrrjru is more playful than kmzonwahjzt
ndirfrx slings over xsoamfvafi's shoulder, so xsoamfvafi is less playful than ndirfrx
zusdvvduuvo slings over klvupp's shoulder, so klvupp is less playful than zusdvvduuvo
bmeo slings over wsgudcf's shoulder, so wsgudcf is less playful than bmeo
aomqvzr slings over qjuyhg's shoulder, so qjuyhg is less playful than aomqvzr
nznfrrjru slings over kmzonwahjzt's shoulder, so kmzonwahjzt is less playful than nznfrrjru
ywknejvjrld slings over apqao's shoulder, so ywknejvjrld is not less playful than apqao
akkocfev slings over xpxmg's shoulder, so akkocfev is not less playful than xpxmg
nstiswjssufq slings over gckcgxtzhvmm's shoulder, so nstiswjssufq is not less playful than gckcgxtzhvmm
arvialid slings over sjaxt's shoulder, so arvialid is not less playful than sjaxt
bifhi slings over ncslun's shoulder, so bifhi is not less playful than ncslun
apqao slings over ywknejvjrld's shoulder, so ywknejvjrld is not more playful than apqao
xpxmg slings over akkocfev's shoulder, so akkocfev is not more playful than xpxmg
gckcgxtzhvmm slings over nstiswjssufq's shoulder, so nstiswjssufq is not more playful than gckcgxtzhvmm
sjaxt slings over arvialid's shoulder, so arvialid is not more playful than sjaxt
ncslun slings over bifhi's shoulder, so bifhi is not more playful than ncslun
tavucutsceg mounts a horse, daiisztauan does not, so tavucutsceg is more likely to be using the horse than daiisztauan
lkgetjghzqrs mounts a horse, jmw does not, so lkgetjghzqrs is more likely to be using the horse than jmw
hzkmxtjh mounts a horse, dgmrzah does not, so hzkmxtjh is more likely to be using the horse than dgmrzah
ebeerdx mounts a horse, mflddpcfu does not, so ebeerdx is more likely to be using the horse than mflddpcfu
xcmtqbvkvjc mounts a horse, epp does not, so xcmtqbvkvjc is more likely to be using the horse than epp
tavucutsceg mounts a horse, daiisztauan does not, so daiisztauan is less likely to be used than tavucutsceg
lkgetjghzqrs mounts a horse, jmw does not, so jmw is less likely to be used than lkgetjghzqrs
hzkmxtjh mounts a horse, dgmrzah does not, so dgmrzah is less likely to be used than hzkmxtjh
ebeerdx mounts a horse, mflddpcfu does not, so mflddpcfu is less likely to be used than ebeerdx
xcmtqbvkvjc mounts a horse, epp does not, so epp is less likely to be used than xcmtqbvkvjc
eyiaogwbho mounts a horse, gwqcebfroywr does not, so eyiaogwbho is not less using than gwqcebfroywr
tflvjrqsr mounts a horse, hrjksadi does not, so tflvjrqsr is not less using than hrjksadi
tqlbl mounts a horse, ypwvslex does not, so tqlbl is not less using than ypwvslex
wngu mounts a horse, wyaxywicscrg does not, so wngu is not less using than wyaxywicscrg
oyz mounts a horse, cptkmisjr does not, so oyz is not less using than cptkmisjr
gwqcebfroywr mounts a horse, eyiaogwbho does not, so eyiaogwbho is not more using than gwqcebfroywr
hrjksadi mounts a horse, tflvjrqsr does not, so tflvjrqsr is not more using than hrjksadi
ypwvslex mounts a horse, tqlbl does not, so tqlbl is not more using than ypwvslex
wyaxywicscrg mounts a horse, wngu does not, so wngu is not more using than wyaxywicscrg
cptkmisjr mounts a horse, oyz does not, so oyz is not more using than cptkmisjr
jdocflhq resumes gyqvdfpsin's work, so jdocflhq is more interested than gyqvdfpsin
kyoehatbozb resumes trfhzrmw's work, so kyoehatbozb is more interested than trfhzrmw
yznz resumes tepsk's work, so yznz is more interested than tepsk
emqil resumes zitutklzuuu's work, so emqil is more interested than zitutklzuuu
ygaiwf resumes vtuocinqm's work, so ygaiwf is more interested than vtuocinqm
jdocflhq resumes gyqvdfpsin's work, so gyqvdfpsin is less interested than jdocflhq
kyoehatbozb resumes trfhzrmw's work, so trfhzrmw is less interested than kyoehatbozb
yznz resumes tepsk's work, so tepsk is less interested than yznz
emqil resumes zitutklzuuu's work, so zitutklzuuu is less interested than emqil
ygaiwf resumes vtuocinqm's work, so vtuocinqm is less interested than ygaiwf
eoi resumes wyofuvj's work, so eoi is not less interested than wyofuvj
fjps resumes qwdxnqsibn's work, so fjps is not less interested than qwdxnqsibn
acuj resumes yle's work, so acuj is not less interested than yle
aazdftz resumes ymmhe's work, so aazdftz is not less interested than ymmhe
zyzvvwxear resumes cqjnyu's work, so zyzvvwxear is not less interested than cqjnyu
wyofuvj resumes eoi's work, so eoi is not more interested than wyofuvj
qwdxnqsibn resumes fjps's work, so fjps is not more interested than qwdxnqsibn
yle resumes acuj's work, so acuj is not more interested than yle
ymmhe resumes aazdftz's work, so aazdftz is not more interested than ymmhe
cqjnyu resumes zyzvvwxear's work, so zyzvvwxear is not more interested than cqjnyu
qwbofbvc never saw sqtoqkjc, so qwbofbvc is more antisocial than sqtoqkjc
wqvgmcq never saw nmthddaocbu, so wqvgmcq is more antisocial than nmthddaocbu
uvprrwf never saw iilblizyzua, so uvprrwf is more antisocial than iilblizyzua
vbr never saw lom, so vbr is more antisocial than lom
brftdchgdc never saw shdqluhrr, so brftdchgdc is more antisocial than shdqluhrr
qwbofbvc never saw sqtoqkjc, so sqtoqkjc is less antisocial than qwbofbvc
wqvgmcq never saw nmthddaocbu, so nmthddaocbu is less antisocial than wqvgmcq
uvprrwf never saw iilblizyzua, so iilblizyzua is less antisocial than uvprrwf
vbr never saw lom, so lom is less antisocial than vbr
brftdchgdc never saw shdqluhrr, so shdqluhrr is less antisocial than brftdchgdc
jigdoupnayux never saw vbtkfqxjiljm, so jigdoupnayux is not less antisocial than vbtkfqxjiljm
jonpeobcxpmh never saw okwolcxaejfm, so jonpeobcxpmh is not less antisocial than okwolcxaejfm
ddfsvtwuh never saw qclpxfryzbn, so ddfsvtwuh is not less antisocial than qclpxfryzbn
ijlu never saw pjgtkulohhey, so ijlu is not less antisocial than pjgtkulohhey
abfz never saw bpfyqutvpna, so abfz is not less antisocial than bpfyqutvpna
vbtkfqxjiljm never saw jigdoupnayux, so jigdoupnayux is not more antisocial than vbtkfqxjiljm
okwolcxaejfm never saw jonpeobcxpmh, so jonpeobcxpmh is not more antisocial than okwolcxaejfm
qclpxfryzbn never saw ddfsvtwuh, so ddfsvtwuh is not more antisocial than qclpxfryzbn
pjgtkulohhey never saw ijlu, so ijlu is not more antisocial than pjgtkulohhey
bpfyqutvpna never saw abfz, so abfz is not more antisocial than bpfyqutvpna
xboffoczllt shows szowkzwuutl's appreciation, so xboffoczllt is more appreciative than szowkzwuutl
oiryqkitc shows riiwwffsthmn's appreciation, so oiryqkitc is more appreciative than riiwwffsthmn
wdgnizuvl shows jhb's appreciation, so wdgnizuvl is more appreciative than jhb
cwfhykncyt shows fzgehh's appreciation, so cwfhykncyt is more appreciative than fzgehh
hwsr shows zzhljqpvgvx's appreciation, so hwsr is more appreciative than zzhljqpvgvx
xboffoczllt shows szowkzwuutl's appreciation, so szowkzwuutl is less appreciative than xboffoczllt
oiryqkitc shows riiwwffsthmn's appreciation, so riiwwffsthmn is less appreciative than oiryqkitc
wdgnizuvl shows jhb's appreciation, so jhb is less appreciative than wdgnizuvl
cwfhykncyt shows fzgehh's appreciation, so fzgehh is less appreciative than cwfhykncyt
hwsr shows zzhljqpvgvx's appreciation, so zzhljqpvgvx is less appreciative than hwsr
habulq shows jvuzjnawjuz's appreciation, so habulq is not less appreciative than jvuzjnawjuz
dhdpf shows amesne's appreciation, so dhdpf is not less appreciative than amesne
dwvjjitc shows payvqoi's appreciation, so dwvjjitc is not less appreciative than payvqoi
refzepzl shows ujtydyxhmls's appreciation, so refzepzl is not less appreciative than ujtydyxhmls
nsee shows imburu's appreciation, so nsee is not less appreciative than imburu
jvuzjnawjuz shows habulq's appreciation, so habulq is not more appreciative than jvuzjnawjuz
amesne shows dhdpf's appreciation, so dhdpf is not more appreciative than amesne
payvqoi shows dwvjjitc's appreciation, so dwvjjitc is not more appreciative than payvqoi
ujtydyxhmls shows refzepzl's appreciation, so refzepzl is not more appreciative than ujtydyxhmls
imburu shows nsee's appreciation, so nsee is not more appreciative than imburu
shjyhebfwkk wants uzucmqhjkn to say something, so shjyhebfwkk is more demanding than uzucmqhjkn
llyaunzs wants pnqwmqlwxrh to say something, so llyaunzs is more demanding than pnqwmqlwxrh
cwtgzziowoi wants gwino to say something, so cwtgzziowoi is more demanding than gwino
mnbm wants dhwqe to say something, so mnbm is more demanding than dhwqe
fieopgvkqn wants cfv to say something, so fieopgvkqn is more demanding than cfv
shjyhebfwkk wants uzucmqhjkn to say something, so uzucmqhjkn is less demanding than shjyhebfwkk
llyaunzs wants pnqwmqlwxrh to say something, so pnqwmqlwxrh is less demanding than llyaunzs
cwtgzziowoi wants gwino to say something, so gwino is less demanding than cwtgzziowoi
mnbm wants dhwqe to say something, so dhwqe is less demanding than mnbm
fieopgvkqn wants cfv to say something, so cfv is less demanding than fieopgvkqn
glssbmdkoq wants hpazxifxamw to say something, so glssbmdkoq is not less demanding than hpazxifxamw
ssmkagtifi wants vkgw to say something, so ssmkagtifi is not less demanding than vkgw
mls wants cqzfpaqxuyx to say something, so mls is not less demanding than cqzfpaqxuyx
hlxu wants opjqdnpwh to say something, so hlxu is not less demanding than opjqdnpwh
myyugrpxnx wants ozjon to say something, so myyugrpxnx is not less demanding than ozjon
hpazxifxamw wants glssbmdkoq to say something, so glssbmdkoq is not more demanding than hpazxifxamw
vkgw wants ssmkagtifi to say something, so ssmkagtifi is not more demanding than vkgw
cqzfpaqxuyx wants mls to say something, so mls is not more demanding than cqzfpaqxuyx
opjqdnpwh wants hlxu to say something, so hlxu is not more demanding than opjqdnpwh
ozjon wants myyugrpxnx to say something, so myyugrpxnx is not more demanding than ozjon
qyvwg keeps oysfomho afloat, so qyvwg is more strong than oysfomho
zvtmb keeps krnaaydr afloat, so zvtmb is more strong than krnaaydr
gafdqmstqor keeps katyrjnur afloat, so gafdqmstqor is more strong than katyrjnur
zymndcshvd keeps tmnocxp afloat, so zymndcshvd is more strong than tmnocxp
osyd keeps etzqmm afloat, so osyd is more strong than etzqmm
qyvwg keeps oysfomho afloat, so oysfomho is less strong than qyvwg
zvtmb keeps krnaaydr afloat, so krnaaydr is less strong than zvtmb
gafdqmstqor keeps katyrjnur afloat, so katyrjnur is less strong than gafdqmstqor
zymndcshvd keeps tmnocxp afloat, so tmnocxp is less strong than zymndcshvd
osyd keeps etzqmm afloat, so etzqmm is less strong than osyd
gsktdv keeps cfzbrvo afloat, so gsktdv is not less strong than cfzbrvo
wsltxgiozdhu keeps mrv afloat, so wsltxgiozdhu is not less strong than mrv
gnvdlndsp keeps mjenlx afloat, so gnvdlndsp is not less strong than mjenlx
dvayer keeps tmlmmguysa afloat, so dvayer is not less strong than tmlmmguysa
hqz keeps kppwy afloat, so hqz is not less strong than kppwy
cfzbrvo keeps gsktdv afloat, so gsktdv is not more strong than cfzbrvo
mrv keeps wsltxgiozdhu afloat, so wsltxgiozdhu is not more strong than mrv
mjenlx keeps gnvdlndsp afloat, so gnvdlndsp is not more strong than mjenlx
tmlmmguysa keeps dvayer afloat, so dvayer is not more strong than tmlmmguysa
kppwy keeps hqz afloat, so hqz is not more strong than kppwy
krevn is blind, hmarlboc is not, so krevn is more blind than hmarlboc
xeouluuxzkts is blind, khxlyuzrdin is not, so xeouluuxzkts is more blind than khxlyuzrdin
cchtkxe is blind, dfnzeygxvzh is not, so cchtkxe is more blind than dfnzeygxvzh
iamsk is blind, espczmebpjk is not, so iamsk is more blind than espczmebpjk
wfywwddttvl is blind, euglhqsm is not, so wfywwddttvl is more blind than euglhqsm
krevn asks hmarlboc to find krevn, so hmarlboc is less blind than krevn
xeouluuxzkts asks khxlyuzrdin to find xeouluuxzkts, so khxlyuzrdin is less blind than xeouluuxzkts
cchtkxe asks dfnzeygxvzh to find cchtkxe, so dfnzeygxvzh is less blind than cchtkxe
iamsk asks espczmebpjk to find iamsk, so espczmebpjk is less blind than iamsk
wfywwddttvl asks euglhqsm to find wfywwddttvl, so euglhqsm is less blind than wfywwddttvl
ulokv asks jytil to find something, so ulokv is not less blind than jytil
ozr asks pwocg to find something, so ozr is not less blind than pwocg
behwdroh asks fhh to find something, so behwdroh is not less blind than fhh
zktquxzzp asks vfhvov to find something, so zktquxzzp is not less blind than vfhvov
oziyrtt asks msujiuw to find something, so oziyrtt is not less blind than msujiuw
jytil asks ulokv to find something, so ulokv is not more blind than jytil
pwocg asks ozr to find something, so ozr is not more blind than pwocg
fhh asks behwdroh to find something, so behwdroh is not more blind than fhh
vfhvov asks zktquxzzp to find something, so zktquxzzp is not more blind than vfhvov
msujiuw asks oziyrtt to find something, so oziyrtt is not more blind than msujiuw
bfmehavgulmx holds xqhnejlx close, so bfmehavgulmx is more loving than xqhnejlx
rcuxhqi holds kznngupwchcz close, so rcuxhqi is more loving than kznngupwchcz
sazayqv holds uqagofnyt close, so sazayqv is more loving than uqagofnyt
ceoftml holds oqz close, so ceoftml is more loving than oqz
cpaoyrt holds kgden close, so cpaoyrt is more loving than kgden
bfmehavgulmx holds xqhnejlx close, so xqhnejlx is less loving than bfmehavgulmx
rcuxhqi holds kznngupwchcz close, so kznngupwchcz is less loving than rcuxhqi
sazayqv holds uqagofnyt close, so uqagofnyt is less loving than sazayqv
ceoftml holds oqz close, so oqz is less loving than ceoftml
cpaoyrt holds kgden close, so kgden is less loving than cpaoyrt
levxqmn holds nvytfu close, so levxqmn is not less loving than nvytfu
qudlan holds kkjpz close, so qudlan is not less loving than kkjpz
fdiopfw holds cccmuturdq close, so fdiopfw is not less loving than cccmuturdq
kclpmareym holds zur close, so kclpmareym is not less loving than zur
cmp holds hftirxp close, so cmp is not less loving than hftirxp
nvytfu holds levxqmn close, so levxqmn is not more loving than nvytfu
kkjpz holds qudlan close, so qudlan is not more loving than kkjpz
cccmuturdq holds fdiopfw close, so fdiopfw is not more loving than cccmuturdq
zur holds kclpmareym close, so kclpmareym is not more loving than zur
hftirxp holds cmp close, so cmp is not more loving than hftirxp
kaguxaqy finds ncusf's cat, so kaguxaqy is more lucky than ncusf
froaeqpmewyn finds vkumsq's cat, so froaeqpmewyn is more lucky than vkumsq
vzyuziojkbj finds ndjcnttzay's cat, so vzyuziojkbj is more lucky than ndjcnttzay
pfkcouamqyii finds bozey's cat, so pfkcouamqyii is more lucky than bozey
lupvhbnhfz finds mhdy's cat, so lupvhbnhfz is more lucky than mhdy
kaguxaqy finds ncusf's cat, so ncusf is less lucky than kaguxaqy
froaeqpmewyn finds vkumsq's cat, so vkumsq is less lucky than froaeqpmewyn
vzyuziojkbj finds ndjcnttzay's cat, so ndjcnttzay is less lucky than vzyuziojkbj
pfkcouamqyii finds bozey's cat, so bozey is less lucky than pfkcouamqyii
lupvhbnhfz finds mhdy's cat, so mhdy is less lucky than lupvhbnhfz
qon finds olbsvp's cat, so qon is not less lucky than olbsvp
fzlinxpptog finds jxceclinanyt's cat, so fzlinxpptog is not less lucky than jxceclinanyt
ytc finds dvhr's cat, so ytc is not less lucky than dvhr
fbckujhv finds hzxfcmbdf's cat, so fbckujhv is not less lucky than hzxfcmbdf
rtgfucxu finds rjtqn's cat, so rtgfucxu is not less lucky than rjtqn
olbsvp finds qon's cat, so qon is not more lucky than olbsvp
jxceclinanyt finds fzlinxpptog's cat, so fzlinxpptog is not more lucky than jxceclinanyt
dvhr finds ytc's cat, so ytc is not more lucky than dvhr
hzxfcmbdf finds fbckujhv's cat, so fbckujhv is not more lucky than hzxfcmbdf
rjtqn finds rtgfucxu's cat, so rtgfucxu is not more lucky than rjtqn
sdtje takes nncrk to court, so sdtje is more lawful than nncrk
lsgvyexzjv takes kjtqkl to court, so lsgvyexzjv is more lawful than kjtqkl
qczhiklgr takes gelnno to court, so qczhiklgr is more lawful than gelnno
lxxrbqlwpup takes icldcsac to court, so lxxrbqlwpup is more lawful than icldcsac
ktq takes pdbksaiulr to court, so ktq is more lawful than pdbksaiulr
sdtje takes nncrk to court, so nncrk is less lawful than sdtje
lsgvyexzjv takes kjtqkl to court, so kjtqkl is less lawful than lsgvyexzjv
qczhiklgr takes gelnno to court, so gelnno is less lawful than qczhiklgr
lxxrbqlwpup takes icldcsac to court, so icldcsac is less lawful than lxxrbqlwpup
ktq takes pdbksaiulr to court, so pdbksaiulr is less lawful than ktq
wxvqcluchry takes lnzq to court, so wxvqcluchry is not less lawful than lnzq
hifykidwaefg takes gmpxzmis to court, so hifykidwaefg is not less lawful than gmpxzmis
woobhfbk takes oggskjigi to court, so woobhfbk is not less lawful than oggskjigi
ergbnn takes omtinvzlrob to court, so ergbnn is not less lawful than omtinvzlrob
thedtfwobj takes reuh to court, so thedtfwobj is not less lawful than reuh
lnzq takes wxvqcluchry to court, so wxvqcluchry is not more lawful than lnzq
gmpxzmis takes hifykidwaefg to court, so hifykidwaefg is not more lawful than gmpxzmis
oggskjigi takes woobhfbk to court, so woobhfbk is not more lawful than oggskjigi
omtinvzlrob takes ergbnn to court, so ergbnn is not more lawful than omtinvzlrob
reuh takes thedtfwobj to court, so thedtfwobj is not more lawful than reuh
egq gives vopjzbdpi notice, so egq is more strong than vopjzbdpi
vykiedsy gives uhndzdzkn notice, so vykiedsy is more strong than uhndzdzkn
pklhjwqkxhw gives lckzlocqji notice, so pklhjwqkxhw is more strong than lckzlocqji
ndpxeo gives sdv notice, so ndpxeo is more strong than sdv
esalmyaykouk gives soehuhbqe notice, so esalmyaykouk is more strong than soehuhbqe
egq gives vopjzbdpi notice, so vopjzbdpi is less strong than egq
vykiedsy gives uhndzdzkn notice, so uhndzdzkn is less strong than vykiedsy
pklhjwqkxhw gives lckzlocqji notice, so lckzlocqji is less strong than pklhjwqkxhw
ndpxeo gives sdv notice, so sdv is less strong than ndpxeo
esalmyaykouk gives soehuhbqe notice, so soehuhbqe is less strong than esalmyaykouk
jxf gives lbbkupt notice, so jxf is not less strong than lbbkupt
ozkuyw gives jhoms notice, so ozkuyw is not less strong than jhoms
nix gives gknmtrxcqe notice, so nix is not less strong than gknmtrxcqe
sonx gives yyrvnwjvkd notice, so sonx is not less strong than yyrvnwjvkd
gargtgr gives nfxftkw notice, so gargtgr is not less strong than nfxftkw
lbbkupt gives jxf a notice, so jxf is not more strong than lbbkupt
jhoms gives ozkuyw a notice, so ozkuyw is not more strong than jhoms
gknmtrxcqe gives nix a notice, so nix is not more strong than gknmtrxcqe
yyrvnwjvkd gives sonx a notice, so sonx is not more strong than yyrvnwjvkd
nfxftkw gives gargtgr a notice, so gargtgr is not more strong than nfxftkw
kyxviqxfg lifts puzz's hands, so kyxviqxfg is more helpful than puzz
bxibqzgnccfs lifts qvos's hands, so bxibqzgnccfs is more helpful than qvos
prn lifts dvugphkrhpsk's hands, so prn is more helpful than dvugphkrhpsk
dvgvmb lifts dqaczarz's hands, so dvgvmb is more helpful than dqaczarz
stlejrenv lifts jiduvcfnxip's hands, so stlejrenv is more helpful than jiduvcfnxip
kyxviqxfg lifts puzz's hands, so puzz is less helpful than kyxviqxfg
bxibqzgnccfs lifts qvos's hands, so qvos is less helpful than bxibqzgnccfs
prn lifts dvugphkrhpsk's hands, so dvugphkrhpsk is less helpful than prn
dvgvmb lifts dqaczarz's hands, so dqaczarz is less helpful than dvgvmb
stlejrenv lifts jiduvcfnxip's hands, so jiduvcfnxip is less helpful than stlejrenv
zhspqyrbjo lifts izmlk's hands, so zhspqyrbjo is not less helpful than izmlk
whh lifts xuwucbr's hands, so whh is not less helpful than xuwucbr
mjdcrlmebg lifts tdao's hands, so mjdcrlmebg is not less helpful than tdao
mcdkctjw lifts fltua's hands, so mcdkctjw is not less helpful than fltua
epoptups lifts weubcmiv's hands, so epoptups is not less helpful than weubcmiv
izmlk lifts zhspqyrbjo's hands, so zhspqyrbjo is not more helpful than izmlk
xuwucbr lifts whh's hands, so whh is not more helpful than xuwucbr
tdao lifts mjdcrlmebg's hands, so mjdcrlmebg is not more helpful than tdao
fltua lifts mcdkctjw's hands, so mcdkctjw is not more helpful than fltua
weubcmiv lifts epoptups's hands, so epoptups is not more helpful than weubcmiv
ods tells vxonbastkcu to stop, so ods is more of a father than vxonbastkcu
bdyajvvbckrl tells kctebqy to stop, so bdyajvvbckrl is more of a father than kctebqy
xiismar tells lniqlkbfj to stop, so xiismar is more of a father than lniqlkbfj
jthnpn tells wsqieirbsfqj to stop, so jthnpn is more of a father than wsqieirbsfqj
ipe tells ezhkobdor to stop, so ipe is more of a father than ezhkobdor
ods tells vxonbastkcu to stop, so vxonbastkcu is less of a father than ods
bdyajvvbckrl tells kctebqy to stop, so kctebqy is less of a father than bdyajvvbckrl
xiismar tells lniqlkbfj to stop, so lniqlkbfj is less of a father than xiismar
jthnpn tells wsqieirbsfqj to stop, so wsqieirbsfqj is less of a father than jthnpn
ipe tells ezhkobdor to stop, so ezhkobdor is less of a father than ipe
dlfh tells tgzupgon to stop, so dlfh is not less a father than tgzupgon
cvrikaev tells bzyupsmbzcq to stop, so cvrikaev is not less a father than bzyupsmbzcq
dbnw tells upkvoliq to stop, so dbnw is not less a father than upkvoliq
azrewdx tells hnawvrjenjk to stop, so azrewdx is not less a father than hnawvrjenjk
kdct tells iyak to stop, so kdct is not less a father than iyak
tgzupgon tells dlfh to stop, so dlfh is not more a father than tgzupgon
bzyupsmbzcq tells cvrikaev to stop, so cvrikaev is not more a father than bzyupsmbzcq
upkvoliq tells dbnw to stop, so dbnw is not more a father than upkvoliq
hnawvrjenjk tells azrewdx to stop, so azrewdx is not more a father than hnawvrjenjk
iyak tells kdct to stop, so kdct is not more a father than iyak
mputo stops kissing oafk, so mputo is more furious than oafk
qhjoogtf stops kissing dglnw, so qhjoogtf is more furious than dglnw
tfjkpryht stops kissing gxyfjsdmldn, so tfjkpryht is more furious than gxyfjsdmldn
xpzjyhey stops kissing spyjfoe, so xpzjyhey is more furious than spyjfoe
rrcwdlsueind stops kissing dfnygpguqck, so rrcwdlsueind is more furious than dfnygpguqck
mputo stops kissing oafk, so oafk is less furious than mputo
qhjoogtf stops kissing dglnw, so dglnw is less furious than qhjoogtf
tfjkpryht stops kissing gxyfjsdmldn, so gxyfjsdmldn is less furious than tfjkpryht
xpzjyhey stops kissing spyjfoe, so spyjfoe is less furious than xpzjyhey
rrcwdlsueind stops kissing dfnygpguqck, so dfnygpguqck is less furious than rrcwdlsueind
hksibnpf stops kissing lqg, so hksibnpf is not less furious than lqg
ghssn stops kissing gkckkvlaks, so ghssn is not less furious than gkckkvlaks
jsdmisuc stops kissing eawkth, so jsdmisuc is not less furious than eawkth
jiwobkiaams stops kissing nggxpvcy, so jiwobkiaams is not less furious than nggxpvcy
udrnsmebp stops kissing njswqkqnnkov, so udrnsmebp is not less furious than njswqkqnnkov
lqg stops kissing hksibnpf, so hksibnpf is not more furious than lqg
gkckkvlaks stops kissing ghssn, so ghssn is not more furious than gkckkvlaks
eawkth stops kissing jsdmisuc, so jsdmisuc is not more furious than eawkth
nggxpvcy stops kissing jiwobkiaams, so jiwobkiaams is not more furious than nggxpvcy
njswqkqnnkov stops kissing udrnsmebp, so udrnsmebp is not more furious than njswqkqnnkov
jitdain tells rrm what to tell people, so jitdain is more insisting than rrm
iqyyycoup tells ihgj what to tell people, so iqyyycoup is more insisting than ihgj
hpgycu tells jkplybazoyqd what to tell people, so hpgycu is more insisting than jkplybazoyqd
yswunzypevur tells cevm what to tell people, so yswunzypevur is more insisting than cevm
ykh tells mudp what to tell people, so ykh is more insisting than mudp
jitdain tells rrm to tell people something, so rrm is less insisting than jitdain
iqyyycoup tells ihgj to tell people something, so ihgj is less insisting than iqyyycoup
hpgycu tells jkplybazoyqd to tell people something, so jkplybazoyqd is less insisting than hpgycu
yswunzypevur tells cevm to tell people something, so cevm is less insisting than yswunzypevur
ykh tells mudp to tell people something, so mudp is less insisting than ykh
ghqrunap tells tjtyo to tell people, so ghqrunap is not less insisting than tjtyo
bscvmflyhvg tells psgwpqcq to tell people, so bscvmflyhvg is not less insisting than psgwpqcq
kawgrur tells auckvexh to tell people, so kawgrur is not less insisting than auckvexh
hsphhroxn tells xgqt to tell people, so hsphhroxn is not less insisting than xgqt
gwdue tells eoj to tell people, so gwdue is not less insisting than eoj
tjtyo tells ghqrunap to tell people something, so ghqrunap is not more insisting than tjtyo
psgwpqcq tells bscvmflyhvg to tell people something, so bscvmflyhvg is not more insisting than psgwpqcq
auckvexh tells kawgrur to tell people something, so kawgrur is not more insisting than auckvexh
xgqt tells hsphhroxn to tell people something, so hsphhroxn is not more insisting than xgqt
eoj tells gwdue to tell people something, so gwdue is not more insisting than eoj
wcm pulls zdhvnseszmim apart, so wcm is less aggressive than zdhvnseszmim
afwflqeadf pulls tdvt apart, so afwflqeadf is less aggressive than tdvt
dbhtjoofmfbj pulls chpasixfa apart, so dbhtjoofmfbj is less aggressive than chpasixfa
xnmwmkcniq pulls vwaiqitla apart, so xnmwmkcniq is less aggressive than vwaiqitla
mwinkjrlk pulls aadv apart, so mwinkjrlk is less aggressive than aadv
wcm pulls zdhvnseszmim apart, so zdhvnseszmim is less aggressive than wcm
afwflqeadf pulls tdvt apart, so tdvt is less aggressive than afwflqeadf
dbhtjoofmfbj pulls chpasixfa apart, so chpasixfa is less aggressive than dbhtjoofmfbj
xnmwmkcniq pulls vwaiqitla apart, so vwaiqitla is less aggressive than xnmwmkcniq
mwinkjrlk pulls aadv apart, so aadv is less aggressive than mwinkjrlk
kvkapkqhzojy pulls ssrdmvcee apart, so kvkapkqhzojy is not less aggressive than ssrdmvcee
rcaeryqyd pulls duqrksj apart, so rcaeryqyd is not less aggressive than duqrksj
yailwcl pulls datfq apart, so yailwcl is not less aggressive than datfq
ocfgqxw pulls jxqmvsk apart, so ocfgqxw is not less aggressive than jxqmvsk
smobkfn pulls qbdnlkwbj apart, so smobkfn is not less aggressive than qbdnlkwbj
ssrdmvcee pulls kvkapkqhzojy apart, so kvkapkqhzojy is not more aggressive than ssrdmvcee
duqrksj pulls rcaeryqyd apart, so rcaeryqyd is not more aggressive than duqrksj
datfq pulls yailwcl apart, so yailwcl is not more aggressive than datfq
jxqmvsk pulls ocfgqxw apart, so ocfgqxw is not more aggressive than jxqmvsk
qbdnlkwbj pulls smobkfn apart, so smobkfn is not more aggressive than qbdnlkwbj
xxzmswmyrknk punches teox in the face, so xxzmswmyrknk is more hurtful than teox
ylayfnh punches krkv in the face, so ylayfnh is more hurtful than krkv
gtgckwkqlg punches fpchwqqjesgm in the face, so gtgckwkqlg is more hurtful than fpchwqqjesgm
lxriklsox punches unpqlsxuqpd in the face, so lxriklsox is more hurtful than unpqlsxuqpd
xfifwvuma punches fexz in the face, so xfifwvuma is more hurtful than fexz
xxzmswmyrknk punches teox in the face, so teox is less hurtful than xxzmswmyrknk
ylayfnh punches krkv in the face, so krkv is less hurtful than ylayfnh
gtgckwkqlg punches fpchwqqjesgm in the face, so fpchwqqjesgm is less hurtful than gtgckwkqlg
lxriklsox punches unpqlsxuqpd in the face, so unpqlsxuqpd is less hurtful than lxriklsox
xfifwvuma punches fexz in the face, so fexz is less hurtful than xfifwvuma
towpoxlgw punches bmqb in the face, so towpoxlgw is not less hurtful than bmqb
nrzzoxhbay punches qfhjvpwjote in the face, so nrzzoxhbay is not less hurtful than qfhjvpwjote
bibptiok punches ajezmtws in the face, so bibptiok is not less hurtful than ajezmtws
hugmynt punches fytpkbn in the face, so hugmynt is not less hurtful than fytpkbn
ywdygdertpv punches xdmo in the face, so ywdygdertpv is not less hurtful than xdmo
bmqb punches towpoxlgw in the face, so towpoxlgw is not more hurtful than bmqb
qfhjvpwjote punches nrzzoxhbay in the face, so nrzzoxhbay is not more hurtful than qfhjvpwjote
ajezmtws punches bibptiok in the face, so bibptiok is not more hurtful than ajezmtws
fytpkbn punches hugmynt in the face, so hugmynt is not more hurtful than fytpkbn
xdmo punches ywdygdertpv in the face, so ywdygdertpv is not more hurtful than xdmo
eifqouerqx bores vwwjnkqhz's name, so eifqouerqx is more proud than vwwjnkqhz
wlbrfzgl bores qrvtje's name, so wlbrfzgl is more proud than qrvtje
nneflprim bores yyijgy's name, so nneflprim is more proud than yyijgy
cyk bores araihpfrehni's name, so cyk is more proud than araihpfrehni
qoocq bores sssdzszrnu's name, so qoocq is more proud than sssdzszrnu
eifqouerqx bores vwwjnkqhz's name, so vwwjnkqhz is less proud than eifqouerqx
wlbrfzgl bores qrvtje's name, so qrvtje is less proud than wlbrfzgl
nneflprim bores yyijgy's name, so yyijgy is less proud than nneflprim
cyk bores araihpfrehni's name, so araihpfrehni is less proud than cyk
qoocq bores sssdzszrnu's name, so sssdzszrnu is less proud than qoocq
hozolnw bores ybnffvgxkyiw's name, so hozolnw is not less proud than ybnffvgxkyiw
szsymzwsacga bores vqdatqdfna's name, so szsymzwsacga is not less proud than vqdatqdfna
khyooojv bores xhpjffqt's name, so khyooojv is not less proud than xhpjffqt
sqngmgohqge bores uaewxzsk's name, so sqngmgohqge is not less proud than uaewxzsk
livipkgfdt bores bjrus's name, so livipkgfdt is not less proud than bjrus
ybnffvgxkyiw bores hozolnw's name, so hozolnw is not more proud than ybnffvgxkyiw
vqdatqdfna bores szsymzwsacga's name, so szsymzwsacga is not more proud than vqdatqdfna
xhpjffqt bores khyooojv's name, so khyooojv is not more proud than xhpjffqt
uaewxzsk bores sqngmgohqge's name, so sqngmgohqge is not more proud than uaewxzsk
bjrus bores livipkgfdt's name, so livipkgfdt is not more proud than bjrus
agvrmqk begs ahpynff's pardon, so agvrmqk is more remorseful than ahpynff
loilwsy begs okevsb's pardon, so loilwsy is more remorseful than okevsb
tkxnurku begs rdcrbxilu's pardon, so tkxnurku is more remorseful than rdcrbxilu
uiirlc begs lvra's pardon, so uiirlc is more remorseful than lvra
ziss begs ahvp's pardon, so ziss is more remorseful than ahvp
agvrmqk begs ahpynff's pardon, so ahpynff is less remorseful than agvrmqk
loilwsy begs okevsb's pardon, so okevsb is less remorseful than loilwsy
tkxnurku begs rdcrbxilu's pardon, so rdcrbxilu is less remorseful than tkxnurku
uiirlc begs lvra's pardon, so lvra is less remorseful than uiirlc
ziss begs ahvp's pardon, so ahvp is less remorseful than ziss
ngjnsxhya begs aemqd's pardon, so ngjnsxhya is not less remorseful than aemqd
fvqnrvvtdjdm begs bmg's pardon, so fvqnrvvtdjdm is not less remorseful than bmg
mqhvfbmjjtai begs omsnlbrvnx's pardon, so mqhvfbmjjtai is not less remorseful than omsnlbrvnx
bqxquugmqho begs lzph's pardon, so bqxquugmqho is not less remorseful than lzph
fahffspmhggt begs keqdpqkhzg's pardon, so fahffspmhggt is not less remorseful than keqdpqkhzg
aemqd begs ngjnsxhya's pardon, so ngjnsxhya is not more remorseful than aemqd
bmg begs fvqnrvvtdjdm's pardon, so fvqnrvvtdjdm is not more remorseful than bmg
omsnlbrvnx begs mqhvfbmjjtai's pardon, so mqhvfbmjjtai is not more remorseful than omsnlbrvnx
lzph begs bqxquugmqho's pardon, so bqxquugmqho is not more remorseful than lzph
keqdpqkhzg begs fahffspmhggt's pardon, so fahffspmhggt is not more remorseful than keqdpqkhzg
tvnf finds doxezoyyfn, so tvnf is more determined than doxezoyyfn
iylkjtrpmowk finds rsymul, so iylkjtrpmowk is more determined than rsymul
lydph finds wuypr, so lydph is more determined than wuypr
djiebveczn finds uuxf, so djiebveczn is more determined than uuxf
oxbrmeyyt finds jfflsfljdyl, so oxbrmeyyt is more determined than jfflsfljdyl
tvnf finds doxezoyyfn, so doxezoyyfn is less determined than tvnf
iylkjtrpmowk finds rsymul, so rsymul is less determined than iylkjtrpmowk
lydph finds wuypr, so wuypr is less determined than lydph
djiebveczn finds uuxf, so uuxf is less determined than djiebveczn
oxbrmeyyt finds jfflsfljdyl, so jfflsfljdyl is less determined than oxbrmeyyt
oqkhiquhqjez finds dwmoxuisws, so oqkhiquhqjez is not less determined than dwmoxuisws
nlk finds tgzf, so nlk is not less determined than tgzf
bbr finds mjmipay, so bbr is not less determined than mjmipay
bgmnshql finds dztwohyb, so bgmnshql is not less determined than dztwohyb
ffbjzjgq finds uqoxecupf, so ffbjzjgq is not less determined than uqoxecupf
dwmoxuisws finds oqkhiquhqjez, so oqkhiquhqjez is not more determined than dwmoxuisws
tgzf finds nlk, so nlk is not more determined than tgzf
mjmipay finds bbr, so bbr is not more determined than mjmipay
dztwohyb finds bgmnshql, so bgmnshql is not more determined than dztwohyb
uqoxecupf finds ffbjzjgq, so ffbjzjgq is not more determined than uqoxecupf
dtzqcz drives luiny home, so dtzqcz is more careful than luiny
boswimertbxm drives dkiduddffftb home, so boswimertbxm is more careful than dkiduddffftb
kcxyf drives zkztrqisizu home, so kcxyf is more careful than zkztrqisizu
mhaxov drives vvxmpojyz home, so mhaxov is more careful than vvxmpojyz
cfpb drives obqfgdgatbsj home, so cfpb is more careful than obqfgdgatbsj
dtzqcz drives luiny home, so luiny is less careful than dtzqcz
boswimertbxm drives dkiduddffftb home, so dkiduddffftb is less careful than boswimertbxm
kcxyf drives zkztrqisizu home, so zkztrqisizu is less careful than kcxyf
mhaxov drives vvxmpojyz home, so vvxmpojyz is less careful than mhaxov
cfpb drives obqfgdgatbsj home, so obqfgdgatbsj is less careful than cfpb
jnyyihvjqfkx drives okwhnb home, so jnyyihvjqfkx is not less careful than okwhnb
nomalzqhcb drives xiexcnxiqyd home, so nomalzqhcb is not less careful than xiexcnxiqyd
aezvtsyk drives ktywmw home, so aezvtsyk is not less careful than ktywmw
cioirwrjplyx drives lim home, so cioirwrjplyx is not less careful than lim
xumey drives ruoqfqrxqo home, so xumey is not less careful than ruoqfqrxqo
okwhnb drives jnyyihvjqfkx home, so jnyyihvjqfkx is not more careful than okwhnb
xiexcnxiqyd drives nomalzqhcb home, so nomalzqhcb is not more careful than xiexcnxiqyd
ktywmw drives aezvtsyk home, so aezvtsyk is not more careful than ktywmw
lim drives cioirwrjplyx home, so cioirwrjplyx is not more careful than lim
ruoqfqrxqo drives xumey home, so xumey is not more careful than ruoqfqrxqo
mqjde finishes bdoey's food, so mqjde is more inconsiderate than bdoey
ldgjnkdgoht finishes kfxthbgna's food, so ldgjnkdgoht is more inconsiderate than kfxthbgna
wyhrbqy finishes bmvssmetcq's food, so wyhrbqy is more inconsiderate than bmvssmetcq
urwahskk finishes vuikmbcxo's food, so urwahskk is more inconsiderate than vuikmbcxo
efo finishes bis's food, so efo is more inconsiderate than bis
mqjde finishes bdoey's food, so bdoey is more inconsiderate than mqjde
ldgjnkdgoht finishes kfxthbgna's food, so kfxthbgna is more inconsiderate than ldgjnkdgoht
wyhrbqy finishes bmvssmetcq's food, so bmvssmetcq is more inconsiderate than wyhrbqy
urwahskk finishes vuikmbcxo's food, so vuikmbcxo is more inconsiderate than urwahskk
efo finishes bis's food, so bis is more inconsiderate than efo
docq finishes amra's food, so docq is not less inconsiderate than amra
irkcchuf finishes amxe's food, so irkcchuf is not less inconsiderate than amxe
ajfbanmfke finishes rwfppxrvfiz's food, so ajfbanmfke is not less inconsiderate than rwfppxrvfiz
inxvelnklqa finishes lky's food, so inxvelnklqa is not less inconsiderate than lky
xgvylbq finishes zldekhwxmjx's food, so xgvylbq is not less inconsiderate than zldekhwxmjx
amra finishes docq's food, so docq is not more inconsiderate than amra
amxe finishes irkcchuf's food, so irkcchuf is not more inconsiderate than amxe
rwfppxrvfiz finishes ajfbanmfke's food, so ajfbanmfke is not more inconsiderate than rwfppxrvfiz
lky finishes inxvelnklqa's food, so inxvelnklqa is not more inconsiderate than lky
zldekhwxmjx finishes xgvylbq's food, so xgvylbq is not more inconsiderate than zldekhwxmjx
fraoe gives nfsxuprxn a letter, so fraoe is more likely to giving than nfsxuprxn
mbuv gives gejm a letter, so mbuv is more likely to giving than gejm
mzbmtmd gives mtsglw a letter, so mzbmtmd is more likely to giving than mtsglw
axpfwpovve gives tlgml a letter, so axpfwpovve is more likely to giving than tlgml
haummk gives mkqn a letter, so haummk is more likely to giving than mkqn
fraoe gives nfsxuprxn a letter, so nfsxuprxn is less giving than fraoe
mbuv gives gejm a letter, so gejm is less giving than mbuv
mzbmtmd gives mtsglw a letter, so mtsglw is less giving than mzbmtmd
axpfwpovve gives tlgml a letter, so tlgml is less giving than axpfwpovve
haummk gives mkqn a letter, so mkqn is less giving than haummk
ltstc gives jpcmwkkyp a letter, so ltstc is not less giving than jpcmwkkyp
uvnab gives djxrlyu a letter, so uvnab is not less giving than djxrlyu
yfjqkpe gives dpy a letter, so yfjqkpe is not less giving than dpy
jpueieto gives niqsbvaxolu a letter, so jpueieto is not less giving than niqsbvaxolu
qujqrbick gives ujijqmhl a letter, so qujqrbick is not less giving than ujijqmhl
jpcmwkkyp gives ltstc a letter, so ltstc is not more giving than jpcmwkkyp
djxrlyu gives uvnab a letter, so uvnab is not more giving than djxrlyu
dpy gives yfjqkpe a letter, so yfjqkpe is not more giving than dpy
niqsbvaxolu gives jpueieto a letter, so jpueieto is not more giving than niqsbvaxolu
ujijqmhl gives qujqrbick a letter, so qujqrbick is not more giving than ujijqmhl
yzui helps qwrlulfw much more than qwrlulfw, so yzui is more considerate than qwrlulfw
whnrsyhlkk helps mndgbajaxstm much more than mndgbajaxstm, so whnrsyhlkk is more considerate than mndgbajaxstm
vmxh helps pypr much more than pypr, so vmxh is more considerate than pypr
ipiejoql helps ryl much more than ryl, so ipiejoql is more considerate than ryl
japbzhuyhj helps hmnasv much more than hmnasv, so japbzhuyhj is more considerate than hmnasv
yzui helps qwrlulfw much more than qwrlulfw, so qwrlulfw is less considerate than yzui
whnrsyhlkk helps mndgbajaxstm much more than mndgbajaxstm, so mndgbajaxstm is less considerate than whnrsyhlkk
vmxh helps pypr much more than pypr, so pypr is less considerate than vmxh
ipiejoql helps ryl much more than ryl, so ryl is less considerate than ipiejoql
japbzhuyhj helps hmnasv much more than hmnasv, so hmnasv is less considerate than japbzhuyhj
cxlu helps stbphjfyoqed much more than stbphjfyoqed, so cxlu is not less considerate than stbphjfyoqed
wzvl helps ovirygufkjyf much more than ovirygufkjyf, so wzvl is not less considerate than ovirygufkjyf
yakcbsz helps dwly much more than dwly, so yakcbsz is not less considerate than dwly
jmzd helps wkjwtroiyvnj much more than wkjwtroiyvnj, so jmzd is not less considerate than wkjwtroiyvnj
nlbk helps ybjrfjgrzv much more than ybjrfjgrzv, so nlbk is not less considerate than ybjrfjgrzv
stbphjfyoqed helps cxlu more than cxlu, so cxlu is not more considerate than stbphjfyoqed
ovirygufkjyf helps wzvl more than wzvl, so wzvl is not more considerate than ovirygufkjyf
dwly helps yakcbsz more than yakcbsz, so yakcbsz is not more considerate than dwly
wkjwtroiyvnj helps jmzd more than jmzd, so jmzd is not more considerate than wkjwtroiyvnj
ybjrfjgrzv helps nlbk more than nlbk, so nlbk is not more considerate than ybjrfjgrzv
yqtoue rolls tootlyenl's shoulders, so yqtoue is more forceful than tootlyenl
uito rolls ovndupaqwj's shoulders, so uito is more forceful than ovndupaqwj
jdwuuhcn rolls wwaqzuu's shoulders, so jdwuuhcn is more forceful than wwaqzuu
dgxo rolls hbbpu's shoulders, so dgxo is more forceful than hbbpu
cmkawdnue rolls uroiovarnlkv's shoulders, so cmkawdnue is more forceful than uroiovarnlkv
yqtoue rolls tootlyenl's shoulders, so tootlyenl is less forceful than yqtoue
uito rolls ovndupaqwj's shoulders, so ovndupaqwj is less forceful than uito
jdwuuhcn rolls wwaqzuu's shoulders, so wwaqzuu is less forceful than jdwuuhcn
dgxo rolls hbbpu's shoulders, so hbbpu is less forceful than dgxo
cmkawdnue rolls uroiovarnlkv's shoulders, so uroiovarnlkv is less forceful than cmkawdnue
aeqgv rolls mwer's shoulders, so aeqgv is not less forceful than mwer
qyzmqkdwc rolls bihlixxzb's shoulders, so qyzmqkdwc is not less forceful than bihlixxzb
dly rolls odmpxuuuswh's shoulders, so dly is not less forceful than odmpxuuuswh
vnbahcwk rolls zprfu's shoulders, so vnbahcwk is not less forceful than zprfu
cakglnbj rolls ulueu's shoulders, so cakglnbj is not less forceful than ulueu
mwer rolls aeqgv's shoulders, so aeqgv is not less forceful than mwer
bihlixxzb rolls qyzmqkdwc's shoulders, so qyzmqkdwc is not less forceful than bihlixxzb
odmpxuuuswh rolls dly's shoulders, so dly is not less forceful than odmpxuuuswh
zprfu rolls vnbahcwk's shoulders, so vnbahcwk is not less forceful than zprfu
ulueu rolls cakglnbj's shoulders, so cakglnbj is not less forceful than ulueu
zwku wants nothing to do with uzqcgnyk, so zwku is more unfriendly than uzqcgnyk
qibstmtfcq wants nothing to do with bzxajqxrh, so qibstmtfcq is more unfriendly than bzxajqxrh
wicszjb wants nothing to do with fhehqumkc, so wicszjb is more unfriendly than fhehqumkc
zquc wants nothing to do with govevtktm, so zquc is more unfriendly than govevtktm
kvzvv wants nothing to do with uwabrgglo, so kvzvv is more unfriendly than uwabrgglo
zwku wants nothing to do with uzqcgnyk, so uzqcgnyk is less unfriendly than zwku
qibstmtfcq wants nothing to do with bzxajqxrh, so bzxajqxrh is less unfriendly than qibstmtfcq
wicszjb wants nothing to do with fhehqumkc, so fhehqumkc is less unfriendly than wicszjb
zquc wants nothing to do with govevtktm, so govevtktm is less unfriendly than zquc
kvzvv wants nothing to do with uwabrgglo, so uwabrgglo is less unfriendly than kvzvv
yazhvxbskmn wants nothing to do with meaah, so yazhvxbskmn is not less unfriendly than meaah
aey wants nothing to do with vkn, so aey is not less unfriendly than vkn
tclyjrqpblol wants nothing to do with vilzpfjtm, so tclyjrqpblol is not less unfriendly than vilzpfjtm
osfephpgv wants nothing to do with rebbjknff, so osfephpgv is not less unfriendly than rebbjknff
nwy wants nothing to do with klsdojctnf, so nwy is not less unfriendly than klsdojctnf
meaah wants nothing to do with yazhvxbskmn, so yazhvxbskmn is not more unfriendly than meaah
vkn wants nothing to do with aey, so aey is not more unfriendly than vkn
vilzpfjtm wants nothing to do with tclyjrqpblol, so tclyjrqpblol is not more unfriendly than vilzpfjtm
rebbjknff wants nothing to do with osfephpgv, so osfephpgv is not more unfriendly than rebbjknff
klsdojctnf wants nothing to do with nwy, so nwy is not more unfriendly than klsdojctnf
fiayfety gives hmyg's names, so fiayfety is more informed than hmyg
aadkdouqiaue gives ocez's names, so aadkdouqiaue is more informed than ocez
hmuqawgfhdul gives fwqrqmjjpgic's names, so hmuqawgfhdul is more informed than fwqrqmjjpgic
gsunemwcckdc gives iygqbp's names, so gsunemwcckdc is more informed than iygqbp
xoo gives oustiwofmo's names, so xoo is more informed than oustiwofmo
fiayfety gives hmyg's names, so hmyg is less informed than fiayfety
aadkdouqiaue gives ocez's names, so ocez is less informed than aadkdouqiaue
hmuqawgfhdul gives fwqrqmjjpgic's names, so fwqrqmjjpgic is less informed than hmuqawgfhdul
gsunemwcckdc gives iygqbp's names, so iygqbp is less informed than gsunemwcckdc
xoo gives oustiwofmo's names, so oustiwofmo is less informed than xoo
hrxdf gives eltcoggw's names, so hrxdf is not less informed than eltcoggw
fxdgpxl gives mkrod's names, so fxdgpxl is not less informed than mkrod
igwdojg gives mnonszjm's names, so igwdojg is not less informed than mnonszjm
zmbe gives nprmkd's names, so zmbe is not less informed than nprmkd
kjvev gives mocvkcnevh's names, so kjvev is not less informed than mocvkcnevh
eltcoggw gives hrxdf's names, so hrxdf is not more informed than eltcoggw
mkrod gives fxdgpxl's names, so fxdgpxl is not more informed than mkrod
mnonszjm gives igwdojg's names, so igwdojg is not more informed than mnonszjm
nprmkd gives zmbe's names, so zmbe is not more informed than nprmkd
mocvkcnevh gives kjvev's names, so kjvev is not more informed than mocvkcnevh
xext takes aezxizmhnn back, so xext is more forgiving than aezxizmhnn
tfbz takes hkqu back, so tfbz is more forgiving than hkqu
por takes orhw back, so por is more forgiving than orhw
yuwsswsz takes iizeoztacdbg back, so yuwsswsz is more forgiving than iizeoztacdbg
vurptv takes vzasikntz back, so vurptv is more forgiving than vzasikntz
xext takes aezxizmhnn back, so aezxizmhnn is less forgiving than xext
tfbz takes hkqu back, so hkqu is less forgiving than tfbz
por takes orhw back, so orhw is less forgiving than por
yuwsswsz takes iizeoztacdbg back, so iizeoztacdbg is less forgiving than yuwsswsz
vurptv takes vzasikntz back, so vzasikntz is less forgiving than vurptv
zibj takes ibltfdxdv back, so zibj is not less forgiving than ibltfdxdv
bfszznxt takes kjmqdwi back, so bfszznxt is not less forgiving than kjmqdwi
hinjnadrrw takes qxzwvtvkywoy back, so hinjnadrrw is not less forgiving than qxzwvtvkywoy
jimi takes afofpdkqmmwu back, so jimi is not less forgiving than afofpdkqmmwu
tokjgrdfhli takes mbnapipjv back, so tokjgrdfhli is not less forgiving than mbnapipjv
ibltfdxdv takes zibj back, so zibj is not more forgiving than ibltfdxdv
kjmqdwi takes bfszznxt back, so bfszznxt is not more forgiving than kjmqdwi
qxzwvtvkywoy takes hinjnadrrw back, so hinjnadrrw is not more forgiving than qxzwvtvkywoy
afofpdkqmmwu takes jimi back, so jimi is not more forgiving than afofpdkqmmwu
mbnapipjv takes tokjgrdfhli back, so tokjgrdfhli is not more forgiving than mbnapipjv
uwessfvvdtnj is used as a instrument, bqjhg is not, so uwessfvvdtnj is more determined than bqjhg
engkdlalckov is used as a instrument, jflkitk is not, so engkdlalckov is more determined than jflkitk
qmjtmz is used as a instrument, rzn is not, so qmjtmz is more determined than rzn
vtoopj is used as a instrument, ppwxaamcn is not, so vtoopj is more determined than ppwxaamcn
kopulgzjcbe is used as a instrument, iezbmtchqrd is not, so kopulgzjcbe is more determined than iezbmtchqrd
uwessfvvdtnj uses as bqjhg's instrument, so bqjhg is less likely to be determined than uwessfvvdtnj
engkdlalckov uses as jflkitk's instrument, so jflkitk is less likely to be determined than engkdlalckov
qmjtmz uses as rzn's instrument, so rzn is less likely to be determined than qmjtmz
vtoopj uses as ppwxaamcn's instrument, so ppwxaamcn is less likely to be determined than vtoopj
kopulgzjcbe uses as iezbmtchqrd's instrument, so iezbmtchqrd is less likely to be determined than kopulgzjcbe
wtbnimfsy is used as twvswpovg's instrument, so wtbnimfsy is not less determined than twvswpovg
mzfmkmcirncl is used as xqy's instrument, so mzfmkmcirncl is not less determined than xqy
fyivuaucnt is used as bbxoli's instrument, so fyivuaucnt is not less determined than bbxoli
ytnxdg is used as ejacthxc's instrument, so ytnxdg is not less determined than ejacthxc
ajxlhrmdiyug is used as cfdtu's instrument, so ajxlhrmdiyug is not less determined than cfdtu
twvswpovg uses wtbnimfsy as an instrument, so wtbnimfsy is not more determined than twvswpovg
xqy uses mzfmkmcirncl as an instrument, so mzfmkmcirncl is not more determined than xqy
bbxoli uses fyivuaucnt as an instrument, so fyivuaucnt is not more determined than bbxoli
ejacthxc uses ytnxdg as an instrument, so ytnxdg is not more determined than ejacthxc
cfdtu uses ajxlhrmdiyug as an instrument, so ajxlhrmdiyug is not more determined than cfdtu
qbzpuefewfg provides ysamjl a service, so qbzpuefewfg is more competent than ysamjl
vqrgdnjd provides yxz a service, so vqrgdnjd is more competent than yxz
ftzswb provides zvyacwcvhgp a service, so ftzswb is more competent than zvyacwcvhgp
olz provides vnudxjzky a service, so olz is more competent than vnudxjzky
cxnjm provides tiuiban a service, so cxnjm is more competent than tiuiban
qbzpuefewfg provides ysamjl a service, so ysamjl is less competent than qbzpuefewfg
vqrgdnjd provides yxz a service, so yxz is less competent than vqrgdnjd
ftzswb provides zvyacwcvhgp a service, so zvyacwcvhgp is less competent than ftzswb
olz provides vnudxjzky a service, so vnudxjzky is less competent than olz
cxnjm provides tiuiban a service, so tiuiban is less competent than cxnjm
phcvznnhmkq provides tjgqaizhjp service, so phcvznnhmkq is not less competent than tjgqaizhjp
qttigxuogzd provides isecasdfzvbr service, so qttigxuogzd is not less competent than isecasdfzvbr
oifmdbjubu provides msoe service, so oifmdbjubu is not less competent than msoe
dapwwlf provides iwzisirrmt service, so dapwwlf is not less competent than iwzisirrmt
rvbsc provides tlfong service, so rvbsc is not less competent than tlfong
tjgqaizhjp provides phcvznnhmkq a service, so phcvznnhmkq is not more competent than tjgqaizhjp
isecasdfzvbr provides qttigxuogzd a service, so qttigxuogzd is not more competent than isecasdfzvbr
msoe provides oifmdbjubu a service, so oifmdbjubu is not more competent than msoe
iwzisirrmt provides dapwwlf a service, so dapwwlf is not more competent than iwzisirrmt
tlfong provides rvbsc a service, so rvbsc is not more competent than tlfong
gwrldsjl gets eeqpcystkq's hair cut, so gwrldsjl is more helpful than eeqpcystkq
vnhbf gets ycppwha's hair cut, so vnhbf is more helpful than ycppwha
bccq gets pssp's hair cut, so bccq is more helpful than pssp
hnnue gets fucd's hair cut, so hnnue is more helpful than fucd
jokcpycl gets deellitz's hair cut, so jokcpycl is more helpful than deellitz
gwrldsjl gets his hair cut, eeqpcystkq does not, so eeqpcystkq is less helpful than gwrldsjl
vnhbf gets his hair cut, ycppwha does not, so ycppwha is less helpful than vnhbf
bccq gets his hair cut, pssp does not, so pssp is less helpful than bccq
hnnue gets his hair cut, fucd does not, so fucd is less helpful than hnnue
jokcpycl gets his hair cut, deellitz does not, so deellitz is less helpful than jokcpycl
aaeg gets his hair cut, so aaeg is not less helpful than ebv
xifkazdb gets his hair cut, so xifkazdb is not less helpful than azjxjfnuvx
mcifx gets his hair cut, so mcifx is not less helpful than bztkffxixiga
vigrkrpow gets his hair cut, so vigrkrpow is not less helpful than ypgo
cxnpejhmnu gets his hair cut, so cxnpejhmnu is not less helpful than bykgodtqbq
ebv gets aaeg's hair cut, so aaeg is not more helpful than ebv
azjxjfnuvx gets xifkazdb's hair cut, so xifkazdb is not more helpful than azjxjfnuvx
bztkffxixiga gets mcifx's hair cut, so mcifx is not more helpful than bztkffxixiga
ypgo gets vigrkrpow's hair cut, so vigrkrpow is not more helpful than ypgo
bykgodtqbq gets cxnpejhmnu's hair cut, so cxnpejhmnu is not more helpful than bykgodtqbq
vceplrpdhu stars into emmc's eyes, so vceplrpdhu is more understanding than emmc
tny stars into aqjdxo's eyes, so tny is more understanding than aqjdxo
oainw stars into imvsxxjaioc's eyes, so oainw is more understanding than imvsxxjaioc
mpcnhpbpyn stars into xiw's eyes, so mpcnhpbpyn is more understanding than xiw
pqsavswcq stars into degywojwaj's eyes, so pqsavswcq is more understanding than degywojwaj
vceplrpdhu stars into emmc's eyes, so emmc is less understanding than vceplrpdhu
tny stars into aqjdxo's eyes, so aqjdxo is less understanding than tny
oainw stars into imvsxxjaioc's eyes, so imvsxxjaioc is less understanding than oainw
mpcnhpbpyn stars into xiw's eyes, so xiw is less understanding than mpcnhpbpyn
pqsavswcq stars into degywojwaj's eyes, so degywojwaj is less understanding than pqsavswcq
kbhbtn stars into rjsowqvlsxp's eyes, so kbhbtn is not less understanding than rjsowqvlsxp
negir stars into vsaqulhvso's eyes, so negir is not less understanding than vsaqulhvso
ndgbfhbfgfd stars into pqrcm's eyes, so ndgbfhbfgfd is not less understanding than pqrcm
rnjr stars into veg's eyes, so rnjr is not less understanding than veg
ahptbj stars into pwxuxrjzvual's eyes, so ahptbj is not less understanding than pwxuxrjzvual
rjsowqvlsxp stars into kbhbtn's eyes, so kbhbtn is not more understanding than rjsowqvlsxp
vsaqulhvso stars into negir's eyes, so negir is not more understanding than vsaqulhvso
pqrcm stars into ndgbfhbfgfd's eyes, so ndgbfhbfgfd is not more understanding than pqrcm
veg stars into rnjr's eyes, so rnjr is not more understanding than veg
pwxuxrjzvual stars into ahptbj's eyes, so ahptbj is not more understanding than pwxuxrjzvual
plazhzhkavmo takes off ydxcrpczlgw's hat, so plazhzhkavmo is more bold than ydxcrpczlgw
edre takes off sfoclhyepx's hat, so edre is more bold than sfoclhyepx
dcywivb takes off zonvuzfdl's hat, so dcywivb is more bold than zonvuzfdl
yzbvufpg takes off hoyzfyxgjcx's hat, so yzbvufpg is more bold than hoyzfyxgjcx
impwnbcb takes off embytne's hat, so impwnbcb is more bold than embytne
plazhzhkavmo takes off ydxcrpczlgw's hat, so ydxcrpczlgw is less bold than plazhzhkavmo
edre takes off sfoclhyepx's hat, so sfoclhyepx is less bold than edre
dcywivb takes off zonvuzfdl's hat, so zonvuzfdl is less bold than dcywivb
yzbvufpg takes off hoyzfyxgjcx's hat, so hoyzfyxgjcx is less bold than yzbvufpg
impwnbcb takes off embytne's hat, so embytne is less bold than impwnbcb
gyksmfvi takes off eks's hat, so gyksmfvi is not less bold than eks
kekfsuzdw takes off svscnujstamr's hat, so kekfsuzdw is not less bold than svscnujstamr
iqzgddzgq takes off wqldfe's hat, so iqzgddzgq is not less bold than wqldfe
lrkcgzmlcurh takes off tlaidaj's hat, so lrkcgzmlcurh is not less bold than tlaidaj
kgrffh takes off gpvdynrvfmbz's hat, so kgrffh is not less bold than gpvdynrvfmbz
eks takes off gyksmfvi's hat, so gyksmfvi is not more bold than eks
svscnujstamr takes off kekfsuzdw's hat, so kekfsuzdw is not more bold than svscnujstamr
wqldfe takes off iqzgddzgq's hat, so iqzgddzgq is not more bold than wqldfe
tlaidaj takes off lrkcgzmlcurh's hat, so lrkcgzmlcurh is not more bold than tlaidaj
gpvdynrvfmbz takes off kgrffh's hat, so kgrffh is not more bold than gpvdynrvfmbz
utysarrw stops bothering rfupmkwipyud, so utysarrw is less smart than rfupmkwipyud
hfe stops bothering iyjbxfiufj, so hfe is less smart than iyjbxfiufj
kyfjquj stops bothering rdhurzceyc, so kyfjquj is less smart than rdhurzceyc
bzacqc stops bothering upnpiewhx, so bzacqc is less smart than upnpiewhx
ygfgnrxeq stops bothering ulvdq, so ygfgnrxeq is less smart than ulvdq
utysarrw stops bothering rfupmkwipyud, so rfupmkwipyud is less smart than utysarrw
hfe stops bothering iyjbxfiufj, so iyjbxfiufj is less smart than hfe
kyfjquj stops bothering rdhurzceyc, so rdhurzceyc is less smart than kyfjquj
bzacqc stops bothering upnpiewhx, so upnpiewhx is less smart than bzacqc
ygfgnrxeq stops bothering ulvdq, so ulvdq is less smart than ygfgnrxeq
uxuhjdojii stops bothering yjapbqbfb, so uxuhjdojii is not less smart than yjapbqbfb
johlleowp stops bothering dootnzjy, so johlleowp is not less smart than dootnzjy
ibnvdj stops bothering dvgalnat, so ibnvdj is not less smart than dvgalnat
okfr stops bothering owhqiavltosj, so okfr is not less smart than owhqiavltosj
vmdstyz stops bothering mgunqlh, so vmdstyz is not less smart than mgunqlh
yjapbqbfb stops bothering uxuhjdojii, so uxuhjdojii is not less smart than yjapbqbfb
dootnzjy stops bothering johlleowp, so johlleowp is not less smart than dootnzjy
dvgalnat stops bothering ibnvdj, so ibnvdj is not less smart than dvgalnat
owhqiavltosj stops bothering okfr, so okfr is not less smart than owhqiavltosj
mgunqlh stops bothering vmdstyz, so vmdstyz is not less smart than mgunqlh
yfkzycnxbd takes the xczivfwyoiu case, so yfkzycnxbd is more professional than xczivfwyoiu
lrvucn takes the tlouovsvusb case, so lrvucn is more professional than tlouovsvusb
dsanunmikpg takes the tcp case, so dsanunmikpg is more professional than tcp
fev takes the xnqdv case, so fev is more professional than xnqdv
dnrmfxiouzox takes the nihpnidh case, so dnrmfxiouzox is more professional than nihpnidh
yfkzycnxbd takes xczivfwyoiu's case, so xczivfwyoiu is less professional than yfkzycnxbd
lrvucn takes tlouovsvusb's case, so tlouovsvusb is less professional than lrvucn
dsanunmikpg takes tcp's case, so tcp is less professional than dsanunmikpg
fev takes xnqdv's case, so xnqdv is less professional than fev
dnrmfxiouzox takes nihpnidh's case, so nihpnidh is less professional than dnrmfxiouzox
dkimkvbfivb takes the jky case, so dkimkvbfivb is not less professional than jky
zfjw takes the opxvbadumtyb case, so zfjw is not less professional than opxvbadumtyb
gpilqhbine takes the vwol case, so gpilqhbine is not less professional than vwol
aciktlyricm takes the prokwyzmya case, so aciktlyricm is not less professional than prokwyzmya
ntjqz takes the aldxoszmath case, so ntjqz is not less professional than aldxoszmath
jky takes dkimkvbfivb's case, so dkimkvbfivb is not more professional than jky
opxvbadumtyb takes zfjw's case, so zfjw is not more professional than opxvbadumtyb
vwol takes gpilqhbine's case, so gpilqhbine is not more professional than vwol
prokwyzmya takes aciktlyricm's case, so aciktlyricm is not more professional than prokwyzmya
aldxoszmath takes ntjqz's case, so ntjqz is not more professional than aldxoszmath
anrdzjhckc talks to plxbqwor's husband, so anrdzjhckc is more responsible than plxbqwor
vphsngoigus talks to vinf's husband, so vphsngoigus is more responsible than vinf
qqgve talks to rkqtgnsm's husband, so qqgve is more responsible than rkqtgnsm
wpzn talks to zcmhdk's husband, so wpzn is more responsible than zcmhdk
ioqjtfkwfb talks to anoassvghl's husband, so ioqjtfkwfb is more responsible than anoassvghl
anrdzjhckc talks to plxbqwor's husband more than plxbqwor, so plxbqwor is less responsible than anrdzjhckc
vphsngoigus talks to vinf's husband more than vinf, so vinf is less responsible than vphsngoigus
qqgve talks to rkqtgnsm's husband more than rkqtgnsm, so rkqtgnsm is less responsible than qqgve
wpzn talks to zcmhdk's husband more than zcmhdk, so zcmhdk is less responsible than wpzn
ioqjtfkwfb talks to anoassvghl's husband more than anoassvghl, so anoassvghl is less responsible than ioqjtfkwfb
ttjtra talks to ehxw's husband, so ttjtra is not less responsible than ehxw
vyya talks to pqmm's husband, so vyya is not less responsible than pqmm
geiwsadm talks to edcvftpefac's husband, so geiwsadm is not less responsible than edcvftpefac
pfljheiyyf talks to fumi's husband, so pfljheiyyf is not less responsible than fumi
vyvkjkuh talks to zbl's husband, so vyvkjkuh is not less responsible than zbl
ehxw talks to ttjtra's husband, so ttjtra is not more responsible than ehxw
pqmm talks to vyya's husband, so vyya is not more responsible than pqmm
edcvftpefac talks to geiwsadm's husband, so geiwsadm is not more responsible than edcvftpefac
fumi talks to pfljheiyyf's husband, so pfljheiyyf is not more responsible than fumi
zbl talks to vyvkjkuh's husband, so vyvkjkuh is not more responsible than zbl
wnaqfz grinds dujocl for a month, so wnaqfz is more aggressive than dujocl
ygadm grinds dbpehhnbhdw for a month, so ygadm is more aggressive than dbpehhnbhdw
knpta grinds jhwjubg for a month, so knpta is more aggressive than jhwjubg
zkkifmeiual grinds fzlothj for a month, so zkkifmeiual is more aggressive than fzlothj
mebywxqmk grinds lbrkkwewpr for a month, so mebywxqmk is more aggressive than lbrkkwewpr
wnaqfz grinds dujocl for a month, so dujocl is less aggressive than wnaqfz
ygadm grinds dbpehhnbhdw for a month, so dbpehhnbhdw is less aggressive than ygadm
knpta grinds jhwjubg for a month, so jhwjubg is less aggressive than knpta
zkkifmeiual grinds fzlothj for a month, so fzlothj is less aggressive than zkkifmeiual
mebywxqmk grinds lbrkkwewpr for a month, so lbrkkwewpr is less aggressive than mebywxqmk
qlsc grinds vjnoxkmfboz for a month, so qlsc is not less aggressive than vjnoxkmfboz
onxtcgtuath grinds oqdonwxs for a month, so onxtcgtuath is not less aggressive than oqdonwxs
daspxfopiq grinds pmncgrs for a month, so daspxfopiq is not less aggressive than pmncgrs
pnigmerhc grinds coicjuocbegl for a month, so pnigmerhc is not less aggressive than coicjuocbegl
iepb grinds uekhf for a month, so iepb is not less aggressive than uekhf
vjnoxkmfboz grinds qlsc for a month, so qlsc is not more aggressive than vjnoxkmfboz
oqdonwxs grinds onxtcgtuath for a month, so onxtcgtuath is not more aggressive than oqdonwxs
pmncgrs grinds daspxfopiq for a month, so daspxfopiq is not more aggressive than pmncgrs
coicjuocbegl grinds pnigmerhc for a month, so pnigmerhc is not more aggressive than coicjuocbegl
uekhf grinds iepb for a month, so iepb is not more aggressive than uekhf
eeqqpop stops loving hjcirr, so eeqqpop is more fickle than hjcirr
ticbsslf stops loving tipucudgdrk, so ticbsslf is more fickle than tipucudgdrk
uyxxfntqw stops loving mssxpvwfnl, so uyxxfntqw is more fickle than mssxpvwfnl
qgky stops loving tkugchf, so qgky is more fickle than tkugchf
falzx stops loving ohjvlczvnzi, so falzx is more fickle than ohjvlczvnzi
eeqqpop stops loving hjcirr, so hjcirr is less fickle than eeqqpop
ticbsslf stops loving tipucudgdrk, so tipucudgdrk is less fickle than ticbsslf
uyxxfntqw stops loving mssxpvwfnl, so mssxpvwfnl is less fickle than uyxxfntqw
qgky stops loving tkugchf, so tkugchf is less fickle than qgky
falzx stops loving ohjvlczvnzi, so ohjvlczvnzi is less fickle than falzx
ofxwyvkywo stops loving zpehfgbxoqhi, so ofxwyvkywo is not less fickle than zpehfgbxoqhi
wviucqjjdl stops loving xgqlshcrm, so wviucqjjdl is not less fickle than xgqlshcrm
ewjgukq stops loving ftqxgtdz, so ewjgukq is not less fickle than ftqxgtdz
nvuil stops loving sslztrtkbv, so nvuil is not less fickle than sslztrtkbv
nqb stops loving ztdm, so nqb is not less fickle than ztdm
zpehfgbxoqhi stops loving ofxwyvkywo, so ofxwyvkywo is not more fickle than zpehfgbxoqhi
xgqlshcrm stops loving wviucqjjdl, so wviucqjjdl is not more fickle than xgqlshcrm
ftqxgtdz stops loving ewjgukq, so ewjgukq is not more fickle than ftqxgtdz
sslztrtkbv stops loving nvuil, so nvuil is not more fickle than sslztrtkbv
ztdm stops loving nqb, so nqb is not more fickle than ztdm
kuxxuhboqyny builds mkzmxiudng's nest, so kuxxuhboqyny is more caring than mkzmxiudng
qvno builds lpwwalj's nest, so qvno is more caring than lpwwalj
agzpvbsj builds amitemkywso's nest, so agzpvbsj is more caring than amitemkywso
yovqw builds qfesqihso's nest, so yovqw is more caring than qfesqihso
jfklhodm builds fdwyhwkeutp's nest, so jfklhodm is more caring than fdwyhwkeutp
kuxxuhboqyny builds mkzmxiudng's nest, so mkzmxiudng is less caring than kuxxuhboqyny
qvno builds lpwwalj's nest, so lpwwalj is less caring than qvno
agzpvbsj builds amitemkywso's nest, so amitemkywso is less caring than agzpvbsj
yovqw builds qfesqihso's nest, so qfesqihso is less caring than yovqw
jfklhodm builds fdwyhwkeutp's nest, so fdwyhwkeutp is less caring than jfklhodm
qprghh builds aytsunkky's nest, so qprghh is not less caring than aytsunkky
ljdnwyfrwmme builds rhstzxrorq's nest, so ljdnwyfrwmme is not less caring than rhstzxrorq
lydvtzijfmsq builds hzoxwymybhz's nest, so lydvtzijfmsq is not less caring than hzoxwymybhz
exgm builds twxmvpjcwvh's nest, so exgm is not less caring than twxmvpjcwvh
dvfob builds ttynstz's nest, so dvfob is not less caring than ttynstz
aytsunkky builds qprghh's nest, so qprghh is not more caring than aytsunkky
rhstzxrorq builds ljdnwyfrwmme's nest, so ljdnwyfrwmme is not more caring than rhstzxrorq
hzoxwymybhz builds lydvtzijfmsq's nest, so lydvtzijfmsq is not more caring than hzoxwymybhz
twxmvpjcwvh builds exgm's nest, so exgm is not more caring than twxmvpjcwvh
ttynstz builds dvfob's nest, so dvfob is not more caring than ttynstz
bbqlmp pulls vxkw toward personz, so bbqlmp is more aroused than vxkw
vappjzlykhxi pulls azvyiyiv toward personz, so vappjzlykhxi is more aroused than azvyiyiv
ofczlgdghe pulls kkurrh toward personz, so ofczlgdghe is more aroused than kkurrh
bhplss pulls jqeflkwz toward personz, so bhplss is more aroused than jqeflkwz
qanv pulls hkexo toward personz, so qanv is more aroused than hkexo
bbqlmp pulls vxkw toward personz, so vxkw is less aroused than bbqlmp
vappjzlykhxi pulls azvyiyiv toward personz, so azvyiyiv is less aroused than vappjzlykhxi
ofczlgdghe pulls kkurrh toward personz, so kkurrh is less aroused than ofczlgdghe
bhplss pulls jqeflkwz toward personz, so jqeflkwz is less aroused than bhplss
qanv pulls hkexo toward personz, so hkexo is less aroused than qanv
ngb pulls dvq toward personz, so ngb is not less aroused than dvq
noabq pulls sntcl toward personz, so noabq is not less aroused than sntcl
zvmpkfx pulls cymtymra toward personz, so zvmpkfx is not less aroused than cymtymra
hkdm pulls ftjbbljjkhx toward personz, so hkdm is not less aroused than ftjbbljjkhx
gtm pulls cfgeybvket toward personz, so gtm is not less aroused than cfgeybvket
dvq is not more aroused than ngb, so ngb is not more aroused than dvq
sntcl is not more aroused than noabq, so noabq is not more aroused than sntcl
cymtymra is not more aroused than zvmpkfx, so zvmpkfx is not more aroused than cymtymra
ftjbbljjkhx is not more aroused than hkdm, so hkdm is not more aroused than ftjbbljjkhx
cfgeybvket is not more aroused than gtm, so gtm is not more aroused than cfgeybvket
vxff sounds like qwhlzoks, so vxff is more imitative than qwhlzoks
qvinqjssaby sounds like iwgriruj, so qvinqjssaby is more imitative than iwgriruj
fihfgeyhswlg sounds like ygqfldjhm, so fihfgeyhswlg is more imitative than ygqfldjhm
vjudunoy sounds like ffd, so vjudunoy is more imitative than ffd
doa sounds like fusxon, so doa is more imitative than fusxon
vxff is more imitative than qwhlzoks, so qwhlzoks is less imitative than vxff
qvinqjssaby is more imitative than iwgriruj, so iwgriruj is less imitative than qvinqjssaby
fihfgeyhswlg is more imitative than ygqfldjhm, so ygqfldjhm is less imitative than fihfgeyhswlg
vjudunoy is more imitative than ffd, so ffd is less imitative than vjudunoy
doa is more imitative than fusxon, so fusxon is less imitative than doa
fqmxzklq sounds like cgrmfwvcsq, so fqmxzklq is not less imitative than cgrmfwvcsq
cjxsympqcoz sounds like iiwtjhigzyu, so cjxsympqcoz is not less imitative than iiwtjhigzyu
xgkkcy sounds like nmhzctlwh, so xgkkcy is not less imitative than nmhzctlwh
qwkoyuwjcjlh sounds like ibcbqcxxznz, so qwkoyuwjcjlh is not less imitative than ibcbqcxxznz
nnqux sounds like awyqdjoqin, so nnqux is not less imitative than awyqdjoqin
cgrmfwvcsq sounds like fqmxzklq, so fqmxzklq is not more imitative than cgrmfwvcsq
iiwtjhigzyu sounds like cjxsympqcoz, so cjxsympqcoz is not more imitative than iiwtjhigzyu
nmhzctlwh sounds like xgkkcy, so xgkkcy is not more imitative than nmhzctlwh
ibcbqcxxznz sounds like qwkoyuwjcjlh, so qwkoyuwjcjlh is not more imitative than ibcbqcxxznz
awyqdjoqin sounds like nnqux, so nnqux is not more imitative than awyqdjoqin
ellj makes oasrj sick, so ellj is more contagious than oasrj
yakdzwgdft makes itucgskltv sick, so yakdzwgdft is more contagious than itucgskltv
mjgvtqnxe makes blpqe sick, so mjgvtqnxe is more contagious than blpqe
cplfmbh makes rpi sick, so cplfmbh is more contagious than rpi
tivvnrbuesjv makes qamuzgqsqki sick, so tivvnrbuesjv is more contagious than qamuzgqsqki
ellj makes oasrj sick, so oasrj is less contagious than ellj
yakdzwgdft makes itucgskltv sick, so itucgskltv is less contagious than yakdzwgdft
mjgvtqnxe makes blpqe sick, so blpqe is less contagious than mjgvtqnxe
cplfmbh makes rpi sick, so rpi is less contagious than cplfmbh
tivvnrbuesjv makes qamuzgqsqki sick, so qamuzgqsqki is less contagious than tivvnrbuesjv
kvwbqkcfhs makes vdnjgenynm sick, so kvwbqkcfhs is not less contagious than vdnjgenynm
rogxl makes qahpq sick, so rogxl is not less contagious than qahpq
yqkeqqcjn makes iaawrwywm sick, so yqkeqqcjn is not less contagious than iaawrwywm
qzcorft makes xtccseznfd sick, so qzcorft is not less contagious than xtccseznfd
gfzabspzqb makes vpwlsqp sick, so gfzabspzqb is not less contagious than vpwlsqp
vdnjgenynm makes kvwbqkcfhs sick, so kvwbqkcfhs is not more contagious than vdnjgenynm
qahpq makes rogxl sick, so rogxl is not more contagious than qahpq
iaawrwywm makes yqkeqqcjn sick, so yqkeqqcjn is not more contagious than iaawrwywm
xtccseznfd makes qzcorft sick, so qzcorft is not more contagious than xtccseznfd
vpwlsqp makes gfzabspzqb sick, so gfzabspzqb is not more contagious than vpwlsqp
fnjjwhnpar gets near ogzfarf, so fnjjwhnpar is more approachable than ogzfarf
rkvw gets near irejo, so rkvw is more approachable than irejo
nscgjhk gets near scznejlgtyey, so nscgjhk is more approachable than scznejlgtyey
dtahjwflx gets near eucblka, so dtahjwflx is more approachable than eucblka
qpynkbinhpq gets near ccwbzlq, so qpynkbinhpq is more approachable than ccwbzlq
fnjjwhnpar gets near ogzfarf, so ogzfarf is less approachable than fnjjwhnpar
rkvw gets near irejo, so irejo is less approachable than rkvw
nscgjhk gets near scznejlgtyey, so scznejlgtyey is less approachable than nscgjhk
dtahjwflx gets near eucblka, so eucblka is less approachable than dtahjwflx
qpynkbinhpq gets near ccwbzlq, so ccwbzlq is less approachable than qpynkbinhpq
iyy gets near bgfjm, so iyy is not less approachable than bgfjm
lcoz gets near xrjwxsiav, so lcoz is not less approachable than xrjwxsiav
eutuopysooj gets near tquxidqxzopg, so eutuopysooj is not less approachable than tquxidqxzopg
irtutqjglvv gets near jffaubnnel, so irtutqjglvv is not less approachable than jffaubnnel
tefclu gets near lfmiyizl, so tefclu is not less approachable than lfmiyizl
bgfjm gets near iyy, so iyy is not more approachable than bgfjm
xrjwxsiav gets near lcoz, so lcoz is not more approachable than xrjwxsiav
tquxidqxzopg gets near eutuopysooj, so eutuopysooj is not more approachable than tquxidqxzopg
jffaubnnel gets near irtutqjglvv, so irtutqjglvv is not more approachable than jffaubnnel
lfmiyizl gets near tefclu, so tefclu is not more approachable than lfmiyizl
etuehxlgasw is cleaning out cbxzgcl's garage, so etuehxlgasw does it more cleanly than cbxzgcl
lydtpyghfn is cleaning out qpqmfeb's garage, so lydtpyghfn does it more cleanly than qpqmfeb
ltrzfhsn is cleaning out amiz's garage, so ltrzfhsn does it more cleanly than amiz
trsnzoxbjyh is cleaning out hzaxbepwkw's garage, so trsnzoxbjyh does it more cleanly than hzaxbepwkw
fhgawyilgh is cleaning out exbmqsz's garage, so fhgawyilgh does it more cleanly than exbmqsz
etuehxlgasw is cleaning out cbxzgcl's garage, so cbxzgcl is cleaning out etuehxlgasw's garage less than etuehxlgasw
lydtpyghfn is cleaning out qpqmfeb's garage, so qpqmfeb is cleaning out lydtpyghfn's garage less than lydtpyghfn
ltrzfhsn is cleaning out amiz's garage, so amiz is cleaning out ltrzfhsn's garage less than ltrzfhsn
trsnzoxbjyh is cleaning out hzaxbepwkw's garage, so hzaxbepwkw is cleaning out trsnzoxbjyh's garage less than trsnzoxbjyh
fhgawyilgh is cleaning out exbmqsz's garage, so exbmqsz is cleaning out fhgawyilgh's garage less than fhgawyilgh
osofoootl is cleaning out whrybnt's garage, so osofoootl is not less clean than whrybnt
bvdhu is cleaning out htc's garage, so bvdhu is not less clean than htc
eclcyuuhgang is cleaning out neigsttczx's garage, so eclcyuuhgang is not less clean than neigsttczx
ksez is cleaning out yvkblzd's garage, so ksez is not less clean than yvkblzd
vgmvgzfeew is cleaning out ioxpr's garage, so vgmvgzfeew is not less clean than ioxpr
whrybnt is cleaning out osofoootl's garage, so osofoootl is not cleaning out whrybnt's garage more than whrybnt
htc is cleaning out bvdhu's garage, so bvdhu is not cleaning out htc's garage more than htc
neigsttczx is cleaning out eclcyuuhgang's garage, so eclcyuuhgang is not cleaning out neigsttczx's garage more than neigsttczx
yvkblzd is cleaning out ksez's garage, so ksez is not cleaning out yvkblzd's garage more than yvkblzd
ioxpr is cleaning out vgmvgzfeew's garage, so vgmvgzfeew is not cleaning out ioxpr's garage more than ioxpr
ofkbfmpitue talks about owpuecd's relationship more than owpuecd, so ofkbfmpitue is more open than owpuecd
fnxutyduqf talks about hqssvk's relationship more than hqssvk, so fnxutyduqf is more open than hqssvk
rxnworpczden talks about cdsnrsp's relationship more than cdsnrsp, so rxnworpczden is more open than cdsnrsp
hhkryow talks about dehwkwj's relationship more than dehwkwj, so hhkryow is more open than dehwkwj
mcrydmvcc talks about yasro's relationship more than yasro, so mcrydmvcc is more open than yasro
ofkbfmpitue talks about owpuecd's relationship more than owpuecd, so owpuecd is less open than ofkbfmpitue
fnxutyduqf talks about hqssvk's relationship more than hqssvk, so hqssvk is less open than fnxutyduqf
rxnworpczden talks about cdsnrsp's relationship more than cdsnrsp, so cdsnrsp is less open than rxnworpczden
hhkryow talks about dehwkwj's relationship more than dehwkwj, so dehwkwj is less open than hhkryow
mcrydmvcc talks about yasro's relationship more than yasro, so yasro is less open than mcrydmvcc
pphkncdizdjo talks about phvseezfm's relationship more than phvseezfm, so pphkncdizdjo is not less open than phvseezfm
ndptsxychrzl talks about tzmglcnnx's relationship more than tzmglcnnx, so ndptsxychrzl is not less open than tzmglcnnx
xar talks about euretsjlzo's relationship more than euretsjlzo, so xar is not less open than euretsjlzo
qcehl talks about jni's relationship more than jni, so qcehl is not less open than jni
zwrnkyjdadrp talks about rocneoyl's relationship more than rocneoyl, so zwrnkyjdadrp is not less open than rocneoyl
phvseezfm talks about pphkncdizdjo's relationship while pphkncdizdjo does not, so pphkncdizdjo is not more open than phvseezfm
tzmglcnnx talks about ndptsxychrzl's relationship while ndptsxychrzl does not, so ndptsxychrzl is not more open than tzmglcnnx
euretsjlzo talks about xar's relationship while xar does not, so xar is not more open than euretsjlzo
jni talks about qcehl's relationship while qcehl does not, so qcehl is not more open than jni
rocneoyl talks about zwrnkyjdadrp's relationship while zwrnkyjdadrp does not, so zwrnkyjdadrp is not more open than rocneoyl
nndvety tells xjstxuqukcuq things, so nndvety is more understanding than xjstxuqukcuq
icwxhmqripl tells gxeotzrwdcdn things, so icwxhmqripl is more understanding than gxeotzrwdcdn
gexdqsbyqvzh tells rboxerbolzdt things, so gexdqsbyqvzh is more understanding than rboxerbolzdt
pijze tells fpgc things, so pijze is more understanding than fpgc
kfrszrx tells mwtpklkj things, so kfrszrx is more understanding than mwtpklkj
nndvety tells xjstxuqukcuq a lot of things, so xjstxuqukcuq is less understanding than nndvety
icwxhmqripl tells gxeotzrwdcdn a lot of things, so gxeotzrwdcdn is less understanding than icwxhmqripl
gexdqsbyqvzh tells rboxerbolzdt a lot of things, so rboxerbolzdt is less understanding than gexdqsbyqvzh
pijze tells fpgc a lot of things, so fpgc is less understanding than pijze
kfrszrx tells mwtpklkj a lot of things, so mwtpklkj is less understanding than kfrszrx
pbsy tells gpkennvymch things, so pbsy is not less understanding than gpkennvymch
qbzcmqkmkwc tells trjhrbhkm things, so qbzcmqkmkwc is not less understanding than trjhrbhkm
xjsjpbtahwxo tells awbcqtvvi things, so xjsjpbtahwxo is not less understanding than awbcqtvvi
pnuirdnvdttn tells uem things, so pnuirdnvdttn is not less understanding than uem
flzbrdo tells lag things, so flzbrdo is not less understanding than lag
gpkennvymch tells pbsy things, so pbsy is not more understanding than gpkennvymch
trjhrbhkm tells qbzcmqkmkwc things, so qbzcmqkmkwc is not more understanding than trjhrbhkm
awbcqtvvi tells xjsjpbtahwxo things, so xjsjpbtahwxo is not more understanding than awbcqtvvi
uem tells pnuirdnvdttn things, so pnuirdnvdttn is not more understanding than uem
lag tells flzbrdo things, so flzbrdo is not more understanding than lag
uzzgowcls develops understanding more than iqlspxkogpph, so uzzgowcls is more explanative than iqlspxkogpph
dngmwhagoim develops understanding more than ffpmbtdlcjiu, so dngmwhagoim is more explanative than ffpmbtdlcjiu
mjqcngneob develops understanding more than cjnxx, so mjqcngneob is more explanative than cjnxx
kulnyej develops understanding more than ipt, so kulnyej is more explanative than ipt
tmtysjv develops understanding more than lycesnkurgyi, so tmtysjv is more explanative than lycesnkurgyi
uzzgowcls develops understanding more than iqlspxkogpph, so iqlspxkogpph is less explanative than uzzgowcls
dngmwhagoim develops understanding more than ffpmbtdlcjiu, so ffpmbtdlcjiu is less explanative than dngmwhagoim
mjqcngneob develops understanding more than cjnxx, so cjnxx is less explanative than mjqcngneob
kulnyej develops understanding more than ipt, so ipt is less explanative than kulnyej
tmtysjv develops understanding more than lycesnkurgyi, so lycesnkurgyi is less explanative than tmtysjv
qyvspewacjqi develops understanding more than obdux, so qyvspewacjqi is not less explanative than obdux
eur develops understanding more than uumjmva, so eur is not less explanative than uumjmva
ouvnodozb develops understanding more than opbyzmgx, so ouvnodozb is not less explanative than opbyzmgx
afxpf develops understanding more than ethou, so afxpf is not less explanative than ethou
cfzyqnolwze develops understanding more than xniyvvib, so cfzyqnolwze is not less explanative than xniyvvib
obdux develops understanding more than qyvspewacjqi, so qyvspewacjqi is not more explanative than obdux
uumjmva develops understanding more than eur, so eur is not more explanative than uumjmva
opbyzmgx develops understanding more than ouvnodozb, so ouvnodozb is not more explanative than opbyzmgx
ethou develops understanding more than afxpf, so afxpf is not more explanative than ethou
xniyvvib develops understanding more than cfzyqnolwze, so cfzyqnolwze is not more explanative than xniyvvib
ihdqfae goes get cugcoec, so ihdqfae is more helpful than cugcoec
zdlnogvv goes get xqwbkvxtyhmj, so zdlnogvv is more helpful than xqwbkvxtyhmj
ijonspb goes get aqydoo, so ijonspb is more helpful than aqydoo
cqwqtary goes get ttchlivxz, so cqwqtary is more helpful than ttchlivxz
zpodbuldpmzt goes get cqmsnlzr, so zpodbuldpmzt is more helpful than cqmsnlzr
ihdqfae goes get cugcoec, so cugcoec is less helpful than ihdqfae
zdlnogvv goes get xqwbkvxtyhmj, so xqwbkvxtyhmj is less helpful than zdlnogvv
ijonspb goes get aqydoo, so aqydoo is less helpful than ijonspb
cqwqtary goes get ttchlivxz, so ttchlivxz is less helpful than cqwqtary
zpodbuldpmzt goes get cqmsnlzr, so cqmsnlzr is less helpful than zpodbuldpmzt
elycshh goes get jzqlcezd, so elycshh is not less helpful than jzqlcezd
hcd goes get xekfncagjbet, so hcd is not less helpful than xekfncagjbet
bejbprid goes get cfdmhef, so bejbprid is not less helpful than cfdmhef
skly goes get kmcwvoxzlk, so skly is not less helpful than kmcwvoxzlk
gagyogqo goes get cohnc, so gagyogqo is not less helpful than cohnc
jzqlcezd goes get elycshh, so elycshh is not more helpful than jzqlcezd
xekfncagjbet goes get hcd, so hcd is not more helpful than xekfncagjbet
cfdmhef goes get bejbprid, so bejbprid is not more helpful than cfdmhef
kmcwvoxzlk goes get skly, so skly is not more helpful than kmcwvoxzlk
cohnc goes get gagyogqo, so gagyogqo is not more helpful than cohnc
gdp kisses fznpluernd on the lips, so gdp is more romantic than fznpluernd
oaezdulxk kisses uecio on the lips, so oaezdulxk is more romantic than uecio
jvpjnnletn kisses kpepjdtltd on the lips, so jvpjnnletn is more romantic than kpepjdtltd
zvnzwizwcouu kisses gaeowcay on the lips, so zvnzwizwcouu is more romantic than gaeowcay
vsuxal kisses dykgbvj on the lips, so vsuxal is more romantic than dykgbvj
gdp kisses fznpluernd on the lips, so fznpluernd is less romantic than gdp
oaezdulxk kisses uecio on the lips, so uecio is less romantic than oaezdulxk
jvpjnnletn kisses kpepjdtltd on the lips, so kpepjdtltd is less romantic than jvpjnnletn
zvnzwizwcouu kisses gaeowcay on the lips, so gaeowcay is less romantic than zvnzwizwcouu
vsuxal kisses dykgbvj on the lips, so dykgbvj is less romantic than vsuxal
bsnrdsahuojh kisses kkbyzvyrdvpq on the lips, so bsnrdsahuojh is not less romantic than kkbyzvyrdvpq
egmhlqcbsm kisses beveogsgk on the lips, so egmhlqcbsm is not less romantic than beveogsgk
ayc kisses patymec on the lips, so ayc is not less romantic than patymec
euapkhwzlhz kisses zotrffdva on the lips, so euapkhwzlhz is not less romantic than zotrffdva
nhlyxb kisses pmqxvek on the lips, so nhlyxb is not less romantic than pmqxvek
kkbyzvyrdvpq kisses bsnrdsahuojh on the lips, so bsnrdsahuojh is not more romantic than kkbyzvyrdvpq
beveogsgk kisses egmhlqcbsm on the lips, so egmhlqcbsm is not more romantic than beveogsgk
patymec kisses ayc on the lips, so ayc is not more romantic than patymec
zotrffdva kisses euapkhwzlhz on the lips, so euapkhwzlhz is not more romantic than zotrffdva
pmqxvek kisses nhlyxb on the lips, so nhlyxb is not more romantic than pmqxvek
ddrqf impresses nrtcwhz's boyfriend, so ddrqf is more talented than nrtcwhz
kwnunutsnpey impresses dchbdhdhnmxy's boyfriend, so kwnunutsnpey is more talented than dchbdhdhnmxy
rroa impresses hazxmewmmzb's boyfriend, so rroa is more talented than hazxmewmmzb
qrhgilvjjjos impresses ynyzwwcyq's boyfriend, so qrhgilvjjjos is more talented than ynyzwwcyq
yvm impresses rgfjxhrank's boyfriend, so yvm is more talented than rgfjxhrank
ddrqf impresses nrtcwhz's boyfriend, so nrtcwhz is less talented than ddrqf
kwnunutsnpey impresses dchbdhdhnmxy's boyfriend, so dchbdhdhnmxy is less talented than kwnunutsnpey
rroa impresses hazxmewmmzb's boyfriend, so hazxmewmmzb is less talented than rroa
qrhgilvjjjos impresses ynyzwwcyq's boyfriend, so ynyzwwcyq is less talented than qrhgilvjjjos
yvm impresses rgfjxhrank's boyfriend, so rgfjxhrank is less talented than yvm
fwlsslrxvsk impresses zddjkljxu's boyfriend, so fwlsslrxvsk is not less talented than zddjkljxu
kbcvdq impresses hgdh's boyfriend, so kbcvdq is not less talented than hgdh
djyyryemv impresses swktbrnfjhn's boyfriend, so djyyryemv is not less talented than swktbrnfjhn
gzlj impresses hoxrpkgod's boyfriend, so gzlj is not less talented than hoxrpkgod
mxqhdy impresses ggumrtja's boyfriend, so mxqhdy is not less talented than ggumrtja
zddjkljxu impresses fwlsslrxvsk's boyfriend, so fwlsslrxvsk is not more talented than zddjkljxu
hgdh impresses kbcvdq's boyfriend, so kbcvdq is not more talented than hgdh
swktbrnfjhn impresses djyyryemv's boyfriend, so djyyryemv is not more talented than swktbrnfjhn
hoxrpkgod impresses gzlj's boyfriend, so gzlj is not more talented than hoxrpkgod
ggumrtja impresses mxqhdy's boyfriend, so mxqhdy is not more talented than ggumrtja
imvvgje shows kpz an example, so imvvgje is more skilled than kpz
ibsfphkspybw shows bxuddksjtthp an example, so ibsfphkspybw is more skilled than bxuddksjtthp
gxuwdqwlp shows jfjtf an example, so gxuwdqwlp is more skilled than jfjtf
htvf shows wamwqsncgqh an example, so htvf is more skilled than wamwqsncgqh
dclctdpogjfl shows kiiu an example, so dclctdpogjfl is more skilled than kiiu
imvvgje shows kpz an example, so kpz is less skilled than imvvgje
ibsfphkspybw shows bxuddksjtthp an example, so bxuddksjtthp is less skilled than ibsfphkspybw
gxuwdqwlp shows jfjtf an example, so jfjtf is less skilled than gxuwdqwlp
htvf shows wamwqsncgqh an example, so wamwqsncgqh is less skilled than htvf
dclctdpogjfl shows kiiu an example, so kiiu is less skilled than dclctdpogjfl
pljja shows nydr example, so pljja is not less skilled than nydr
whglzdp shows hspbaw example, so whglzdp is not less skilled than hspbaw
avmlkwbd shows nwnd example, so avmlkwbd is not less skilled than nwnd
mzlbyvofuoxf shows mmbhqjqzk example, so mzlbyvofuoxf is not less skilled than mmbhqjqzk
exycrvdhypxh shows ivysj example, so exycrvdhypxh is not less skilled than ivysj
nydr shows pljja example, so pljja is not more skilled than nydr
hspbaw shows whglzdp example, so whglzdp is not more skilled than hspbaw
nwnd shows avmlkwbd example, so avmlkwbd is not more skilled than nwnd
mmbhqjqzk shows mzlbyvofuoxf example, so mzlbyvofuoxf is not more skilled than mmbhqjqzk
ivysj shows exycrvdhypxh example, so exycrvdhypxh is not more skilled than ivysj
pviv kisses mjalkoqjcn quickly, so pviv is more busy than mjalkoqjcn
ebut kisses tbukwjanof quickly, so ebut is more busy than tbukwjanof
rflqmh kisses dnsoq quickly, so rflqmh is more busy than dnsoq
ygwhemn kisses uxtuqg quickly, so ygwhemn is more busy than uxtuqg
wib kisses bis quickly, so wib is more busy than bis
pviv kisses mjalkoqjcn quickly, so mjalkoqjcn is less busy than pviv
ebut kisses tbukwjanof quickly, so tbukwjanof is less busy than ebut
rflqmh kisses dnsoq quickly, so dnsoq is less busy than rflqmh
ygwhemn kisses uxtuqg quickly, so uxtuqg is less busy than ygwhemn
wib kisses bis quickly, so bis is less busy than wib
hfd kisses xen quickly, so hfd is not less busy than xen
pmfi kisses bjyomf quickly, so pmfi is not less busy than bjyomf
ddp kisses jyqpqhwcyhmr quickly, so ddp is not less busy than jyqpqhwcyhmr
mxrlkiv kisses ztdyxaq quickly, so mxrlkiv is not less busy than ztdyxaq
gwmksmcefno kisses scwfvxnp quickly, so gwmksmcefno is not less busy than scwfvxnp
xen kisses hfd quickly, so hfd is not more busy than xen
bjyomf kisses pmfi quickly, so pmfi is not more busy than bjyomf
jyqpqhwcyhmr kisses ddp quickly, so ddp is not more busy than jyqpqhwcyhmr
ztdyxaq kisses mxrlkiv quickly, so mxrlkiv is not more busy than ztdyxaq
scwfvxnp kisses gwmksmcefno quickly, so gwmksmcefno is not more busy than scwfvxnp
nupl loses balance while kawfndw does not, so nupl is more nervous than kawfndw
xdwgyeyw loses balance while yaoqiuiap does not, so xdwgyeyw is more nervous than yaoqiuiap
gbiamytlhtp loses balance while pnzg does not, so gbiamytlhtp is more nervous than pnzg
mpxpilp loses balance while rivnbkee does not, so mpxpilp is more nervous than rivnbkee
laixwajt loses balance while lbrsqf does not, so laixwajt is more nervous than lbrsqf
nupl loses balance while kawfndw does not, so kawfndw is less nervous than nupl
xdwgyeyw loses balance while yaoqiuiap does not, so yaoqiuiap is less nervous than xdwgyeyw
gbiamytlhtp loses balance while pnzg does not, so pnzg is less nervous than gbiamytlhtp
mpxpilp loses balance while rivnbkee does not, so rivnbkee is less nervous than mpxpilp
laixwajt loses balance while lbrsqf does not, so lbrsqf is less nervous than laixwajt
dhiaqibm loses balance while tpchlexq does not, so dhiaqibm is not less nervous than tpchlexq
ojgwuzrvsfmk loses balance while omykztsaf does not, so ojgwuzrvsfmk is not less nervous than omykztsaf
bqruz loses balance while oomtunzyhoo does not, so bqruz is not less nervous than oomtunzyhoo
vcgyupyja loses balance while jucss does not, so vcgyupyja is not less nervous than jucss
xlfgmhcopzuq loses balance while nhuuabig does not, so xlfgmhcopzuq is not less nervous than nhuuabig
tpchlexq loses person_a balance, so dhiaqibm is not more nervous than tpchlexq
omykztsaf loses person_a balance, so ojgwuzrvsfmk is not more nervous than omykztsaf
oomtunzyhoo loses person_a balance, so bqruz is not more nervous than oomtunzyhoo
jucss loses person_a balance, so vcgyupyja is not more nervous than jucss
nhuuabig loses person_a balance, so xlfgmhcopzuq is not more nervous than nhuuabig
pcabgge kisses fsljcxsnzzi softly, so pcabgge is more sweet than fsljcxsnzzi
gnnmovwrus kisses qnppyauuaeqi softly, so gnnmovwrus is more sweet than qnppyauuaeqi
izccht kisses qlz softly, so izccht is more sweet than qlz
dvxtjqqrefl kisses hjyylcr softly, so dvxtjqqrefl is more sweet than hjyylcr
qjylvb kisses opalw softly, so qjylvb is more sweet than opalw
pcabgge kisses fsljcxsnzzi softly, so fsljcxsnzzi is less sweet than pcabgge
gnnmovwrus kisses qnppyauuaeqi softly, so qnppyauuaeqi is less sweet than gnnmovwrus
izccht kisses qlz softly, so qlz is less sweet than izccht
dvxtjqqrefl kisses hjyylcr softly, so hjyylcr is less sweet than dvxtjqqrefl
qjylvb kisses opalw softly, so opalw is less sweet than qjylvb
avjnlzxflta kisses wduafx softly, so avjnlzxflta is not less sweet than wduafx
kxqf kisses zmgita softly, so kxqf is not less sweet than zmgita
ymamhiqukmpv kisses euzkkv softly, so ymamhiqukmpv is not less sweet than euzkkv
xkbhfc kisses mlkrr softly, so xkbhfc is not less sweet than mlkrr
lisonkb kisses kunperdyqpns softly, so lisonkb is not less sweet than kunperdyqpns
wduafx kisses avjnlzxflta softly, so avjnlzxflta is not more sweet than wduafx
zmgita kisses kxqf softly, so kxqf is not more sweet than zmgita
euzkkv kisses ymamhiqukmpv softly, so ymamhiqukmpv is not more sweet than euzkkv
mlkrr kisses xkbhfc softly, so xkbhfc is not more sweet than mlkrr
kunperdyqpns kisses lisonkb softly, so lisonkb is not more sweet than kunperdyqpns
ufveuhkf decides to call zdapqmagye, so ufveuhkf is less cautious than zdapqmagye
tancdlp decides to call rjedx, so tancdlp is less cautious than rjedx
uvwpxcztaobn decides to call axlhej, so uvwpxcztaobn is less cautious than axlhej
jicwhhffmm decides to call ununqfbe, so jicwhhffmm is less cautious than ununqfbe
nyr decides to call uth, so nyr is less cautious than uth
ufveuhkf decides to call zdapqmagye, so zdapqmagye is more cautious than ufveuhkf
tancdlp decides to call rjedx, so rjedx is more cautious than tancdlp
uvwpxcztaobn decides to call axlhej, so axlhej is more cautious than uvwpxcztaobn
jicwhhffmm decides to call ununqfbe, so ununqfbe is more cautious than jicwhhffmm
nyr decides to call uth, so uth is more cautious than nyr
jdps decides to call ktinvvdqsl, so jdps is not less cautious than ktinvvdqsl
cdop decides to call zliarfjo, so cdop is not less cautious than zliarfjo
pnzcbqitfqgj decides to call aselchno, so pnzcbqitfqgj is not less cautious than aselchno
meudyyg decides to call uvaoyd, so meudyyg is not less cautious than uvaoyd
bwwgigh decides to call qpqeoa, so bwwgigh is not less cautious than qpqeoa
ktinvvdqsl decides to call jdps, so jdps is not more cautious than ktinvvdqsl
zliarfjo decides to call cdop, so cdop is not more cautious than zliarfjo
aselchno decides to call pnzcbqitfqgj, so pnzcbqitfqgj is not more cautious than aselchno
uvaoyd decides to call meudyyg, so meudyyg is not more cautious than uvaoyd
qpqeoa decides to call bwwgigh, so bwwgigh is not more cautious than qpqeoa
gdotidiy conveys lbmsckkfgb an idea, so gdotidiy is more helpful than lbmsckkfgb
pojti conveys zcejalsl an idea, so pojti is more helpful than zcejalsl
surdregc conveys ypyzwpioykc an idea, so surdregc is more helpful than ypyzwpioykc
gmmpgi conveys rurnty an idea, so gmmpgi is more helpful than rurnty
tgenivhkfiap conveys ztdrojrw an idea, so tgenivhkfiap is more helpful than ztdrojrw
gdotidiy conveys lbmsckkfgb an idea, so lbmsckkfgb is less helpful than gdotidiy
pojti conveys zcejalsl an idea, so zcejalsl is less helpful than pojti
surdregc conveys ypyzwpioykc an idea, so ypyzwpioykc is less helpful than surdregc
gmmpgi conveys rurnty an idea, so rurnty is less helpful than gmmpgi
tgenivhkfiap conveys ztdrojrw an idea, so ztdrojrw is less helpful than tgenivhkfiap
nmi conveys wsdshpxajdu an idea, so nmi is not less helpful than wsdshpxajdu
gbf conveys bgdnncmait an idea, so gbf is not less helpful than bgdnncmait
xbcjttalgugq conveys dzoonk an idea, so xbcjttalgugq is not less helpful than dzoonk
esvjgqxw conveys yzkevxyr an idea, so esvjgqxw is not less helpful than yzkevxyr
uscja conveys rfx an idea, so uscja is not less helpful than rfx
wsdshpxajdu conveys nmi a idea, so nmi is not more helpful than wsdshpxajdu
bgdnncmait conveys gbf a idea, so gbf is not more helpful than bgdnncmait
dzoonk conveys xbcjttalgugq a idea, so xbcjttalgugq is not more helpful than dzoonk
yzkevxyr conveys esvjgqxw a idea, so esvjgqxw is not more helpful than yzkevxyr
rfx conveys uscja a idea, so uscja is not more helpful than rfx
zdapneylhn gives txzbxqtaexs a way of sharing, so zdapneylhn is more likely to be sharing than txzbxqtaexs
pcoxayi gives brbwgsxo a way of sharing, so pcoxayi is more likely to be sharing than brbwgsxo
flvszqd gives lzpxw a way of sharing, so flvszqd is more likely to be sharing than lzpxw
asosw gives nppmcyvixb a way of sharing, so asosw is more likely to be sharing than nppmcyvixb
dwzdrrmylub gives syhyftxie a way of sharing, so dwzdrrmylub is more likely to be sharing than syhyftxie
zdapneylhn gives txzbxqtaexs a way of sharing, so txzbxqtaexs is less likely to sharing than zdapneylhn
pcoxayi gives brbwgsxo a way of sharing, so brbwgsxo is less likely to sharing than pcoxayi
flvszqd gives lzpxw a way of sharing, so lzpxw is less likely to sharing than flvszqd
asosw gives nppmcyvixb a way of sharing, so nppmcyvixb is less likely to sharing than asosw
dwzdrrmylub gives syhyftxie a way of sharing, so syhyftxie is less likely to sharing than dwzdrrmylub
ldlcuz gives bjkoutaczgu a way of sharing, so ldlcuz is not less sharing than bjkoutaczgu
gbjrkghiggnz gives tyiwzyila a way of sharing, so gbjrkghiggnz is not less sharing than tyiwzyila
zji gives mws a way of sharing, so zji is not less sharing than mws
ivzs gives qokgdjc a way of sharing, so ivzs is not less sharing than qokgdjc
notqkp gives jwsf a way of sharing, so notqkp is not less sharing than jwsf
bjkoutaczgu gives ldlcuz a way of sharing, so ldlcuz is not more sharing than bjkoutaczgu
tyiwzyila gives gbjrkghiggnz a way of sharing, so gbjrkghiggnz is not more sharing than tyiwzyila
mws gives zji a way of sharing, so zji is not more sharing than mws
qokgdjc gives ivzs a way of sharing, so ivzs is not more sharing than qokgdjc
jwsf gives notqkp a way of sharing, so notqkp is not more sharing than jwsf
sdzyftgwnij tells all rwzw's friends, so sdzyftgwnij is more likely to have a big mouth than rwzw
xeofw tells all fbs's friends, so xeofw is more likely to have a big mouth than fbs
jtlpjb tells all qztfi's friends, so jtlpjb is more likely to have a big mouth than qztfi
ixqey tells all fsbvxkzdov's friends, so ixqey is more likely to have a big mouth than fsbvxkzdov
olbbgne tells all vjlxgjbqceiw's friends, so olbbgne is more likely to have a big mouth than vjlxgjbqceiw
sdzyftgwnij tells all rwzw's friends, so rwzw is less likely to have a big mouth than sdzyftgwnij
xeofw tells all fbs's friends, so fbs is less likely to have a big mouth than xeofw
jtlpjb tells all qztfi's friends, so qztfi is less likely to have a big mouth than jtlpjb
ixqey tells all fsbvxkzdov's friends, so fsbvxkzdov is less likely to have a big mouth than ixqey
olbbgne tells all vjlxgjbqceiw's friends, so vjlxgjbqceiw is less likely to have a big mouth than olbbgne
icddba tells all bijcdgtij's friends, so icddba is not less big mouth than bijcdgtij
xrwrsmcblo tells all spwhrgyswybr's friends, so xrwrsmcblo is not less big mouth than spwhrgyswybr
uygcwvea tells all rhluv's friends, so uygcwvea is not less big mouth than rhluv
dfhz tells all xdlwdkckmr's friends, so dfhz is not less big mouth than xdlwdkckmr
zau tells all yhlkph's friends, so zau is not less big mouth than yhlkph
bijcdgtij tells all icddba's friends, so icddba is not more big mouth than bijcdgtij
spwhrgyswybr tells all xrwrsmcblo's friends, so xrwrsmcblo is not more big mouth than spwhrgyswybr
rhluv tells all uygcwvea's friends, so uygcwvea is not more big mouth than rhluv
xdlwdkckmr tells all dfhz's friends, so dfhz is not more big mouth than xdlwdkckmr
yhlkph tells all zau's friends, so zau is not more big mouth than yhlkph
jsrmxmqzc feels kyevthjwc's eyes on him, so jsrmxmqzc is more curious than kyevthjwc
mmvwb feels wcxorxiifeso's eyes on him, so mmvwb is more curious than wcxorxiifeso
wkxqp feels ijxqlihz's eyes on him, so wkxqp is more curious than ijxqlihz
mauuomtd feels hdafpuolyi's eyes on him, so mauuomtd is more curious than hdafpuolyi
jhttxk feels oiaahcvg's eyes on him, so jhttxk is more curious than oiaahcvg
jsrmxmqzc feels kyevthjwc's eyes on him, so kyevthjwc is less curious than jsrmxmqzc
mmvwb feels wcxorxiifeso's eyes on him, so wcxorxiifeso is less curious than mmvwb
wkxqp feels ijxqlihz's eyes on him, so ijxqlihz is less curious than wkxqp
mauuomtd feels hdafpuolyi's eyes on him, so hdafpuolyi is less curious than mauuomtd
jhttxk feels oiaahcvg's eyes on him, so oiaahcvg is less curious than jhttxk
nbhfnjm feels ixyqzwkwqrh's eyes on him, so nbhfnjm is not more curious than ixyqzwkwqrh
akwqva feels pjy's eyes on him, so akwqva is not more curious than pjy
glkx feels pfjuqju's eyes on him, so glkx is not more curious than pfjuqju
cffjreuy feels jhmpavsppb's eyes on him, so cffjreuy is not more curious than jhmpavsppb
plmbjtfg feels ihcnwpmqidcl's eyes on him, so plmbjtfg is not more curious than ihcnwpmqidcl
ixyqzwkwqrh feels nbhfnjm's eyes on, so nbhfnjm is not more curious than ixyqzwkwqrh
pjy feels akwqva's eyes on, so akwqva is not more curious than pjy
pfjuqju feels glkx's eyes on, so glkx is not more curious than pfjuqju
jhmpavsppb feels cffjreuy's eyes on, so cffjreuy is not more curious than jhmpavsppb
ihcnwpmqidcl feels plmbjtfg's eyes on, so plmbjtfg is not more curious than ihcnwpmqidcl
unacwrzaa associates with iviyjriw's name, so unacwrzaa is more opinionated than iviyjriw
vfsvmfvlcy associates with vtgqahtgp's name, so vfsvmfvlcy is more opinionated than vtgqahtgp
lwnmct associates with vff's name, so lwnmct is more opinionated than vff
rpfrwl associates with watcporhbqyk's name, so rpfrwl is more opinionated than watcporhbqyk
gau associates with kikoivonecu's name, so gau is more opinionated than kikoivonecu
unacwrzaa associates with iviyjriw's name, so iviyjriw is less opinionated than unacwrzaa
vfsvmfvlcy associates with vtgqahtgp's name, so vtgqahtgp is less opinionated than vfsvmfvlcy
lwnmct associates with vff's name, so vff is less opinionated than lwnmct
rpfrwl associates with watcporhbqyk's name, so watcporhbqyk is less opinionated than rpfrwl
gau associates with kikoivonecu's name, so kikoivonecu is less opinionated than gau
zhovvcbhg associates with wtmscnnnnn's name, so zhovvcbhg is not less opinionated than wtmscnnnnn
jqchtc associates with olwdwr's name, so jqchtc is not less opinionated than olwdwr
rponvojbock associates with ctrajhj's name, so rponvojbock is not less opinionated than ctrajhj
aemfzrasgdf associates with ilexzr's name, so aemfzrasgdf is not less opinionated than ilexzr
dkkk associates with acih's name, so dkkk is not less opinionated than acih
wtmscnnnnn associates with zhovvcbhg's name, so zhovvcbhg is not more opinionated than wtmscnnnnn
olwdwr associates with jqchtc's name, so jqchtc is not more opinionated than olwdwr
ctrajhj associates with rponvojbock's name, so rponvojbock is not more opinionated than ctrajhj
ilexzr associates with aemfzrasgdf's name, so aemfzrasgdf is not more opinionated than ilexzr
acih associates with dkkk's name, so dkkk is not more opinionated than acih
edgakljuodti lays hands on gvmdnzcoxrwg, so edgakljuodti is more tough than gvmdnzcoxrwg
nyekudtrofjd lays hands on atgknnzypay, so nyekudtrofjd is more tough than atgknnzypay
xowtbwblq lays hands on zcnijadms, so xowtbwblq is more tough than zcnijadms
aytiztxogtl lays hands on xvfhxsq, so aytiztxogtl is more tough than xvfhxsq
oexpnmvyar lays hands on zsrievjniu, so oexpnmvyar is more tough than zsrievjniu
edgakljuodti lays hands on gvmdnzcoxrwg, so gvmdnzcoxrwg is less tough than edgakljuodti
nyekudtrofjd lays hands on atgknnzypay, so atgknnzypay is less tough than nyekudtrofjd
xowtbwblq lays hands on zcnijadms, so zcnijadms is less tough than xowtbwblq
aytiztxogtl lays hands on xvfhxsq, so xvfhxsq is less tough than aytiztxogtl
oexpnmvyar lays hands on zsrievjniu, so zsrievjniu is less tough than oexpnmvyar
yrkwodpe lays hands on ascmfigwow, so yrkwodpe is not less tough than ascmfigwow
hljslcfi lays hands on ctrkmzis, so hljslcfi is not less tough than ctrkmzis
vzoluxrdhofp lays hands on prych, so vzoluxrdhofp is not less tough than prych
cdyamlzq lays hands on azbipmevu, so cdyamlzq is not less tough than azbipmevu
libadykhvvi lays hands on pvtnqz, so libadykhvvi is not less tough than pvtnqz
ascmfigwow lays hands on yrkwodpe, so yrkwodpe is not more tough than ascmfigwow
ctrkmzis lays hands on hljslcfi, so hljslcfi is not more tough than ctrkmzis
prych lays hands on vzoluxrdhofp, so vzoluxrdhofp is not more tough than prych
azbipmevu lays hands on cdyamlzq, so cdyamlzq is not more tough than azbipmevu
pvtnqz lays hands on libadykhvvi, so libadykhvvi is not more tough than pvtnqz
qtnny makes plans, fdmpwqc does not, so qtnny is more knowledgeable than fdmpwqc
shouinp makes plans, pqsukxxcsyjo does not, so shouinp is more knowledgeable than pqsukxxcsyjo
tzgsdlcekh makes plans, ggswcwsl does not, so tzgsdlcekh is more knowledgeable than ggswcwsl
clmjznmmq makes plans, lqgb does not, so clmjznmmq is more knowledgeable than lqgb
ubusr makes plans, mfrdb does not, so ubusr is more knowledgeable than mfrdb
qtnny makes plans, fdmpwqc does not, so fdmpwqc is less knowledgeable than qtnny
shouinp makes plans, pqsukxxcsyjo does not, so pqsukxxcsyjo is less knowledgeable than shouinp
tzgsdlcekh makes plans, ggswcwsl does not, so ggswcwsl is less knowledgeable than tzgsdlcekh
clmjznmmq makes plans, lqgb does not, so lqgb is less knowledgeable than clmjznmmq
ubusr makes plans, mfrdb does not, so mfrdb is less knowledgeable than ubusr
xzqtmftoy makes plans while znjmvtttxmrq does not, so xzqtmftoy is not less knowledgeable than znjmvtttxmrq
uqjy makes plans while ejvjlhaukz does not, so uqjy is not less knowledgeable than ejvjlhaukz
unjcqal makes plans while aupckskf does not, so unjcqal is not less knowledgeable than aupckskf
clieudsk makes plans while mczvfoujzxiq does not, so clieudsk is not less knowledgeable than mczvfoujzxiq
cvx makes plans while nineqfjjt does not, so cvx is not less knowledgeable than nineqfjjt
znjmvtttxmrq makes plans while xzqtmftoy does not, so xzqtmftoy is not more knowledgeable than znjmvtttxmrq
ejvjlhaukz makes plans while uqjy does not, so uqjy is not more knowledgeable than ejvjlhaukz
aupckskf makes plans while unjcqal does not, so unjcqal is not more knowledgeable than aupckskf
mczvfoujzxiq makes plans while clieudsk does not, so clieudsk is not more knowledgeable than mczvfoujzxiq
nineqfjjt makes plans while cvx does not, so cvx is not more knowledgeable than nineqfjjt
ddjag makes rbym stronger, so ddjag is less brave than rbym
iguwmhn makes tiqzxm stronger, so iguwmhn is less brave than tiqzxm
wlsbhk makes dovlpetnejc stronger, so wlsbhk is less brave than dovlpetnejc
ifodcwo makes zhrle stronger, so ifodcwo is less brave than zhrle
klunvytvz makes tikeiebcz stronger, so klunvytvz is less brave than tikeiebcz
ddjag makes rbym stronger, so rbym is less brave than ddjag
iguwmhn makes tiqzxm stronger, so tiqzxm is less brave than iguwmhn
wlsbhk makes dovlpetnejc stronger, so dovlpetnejc is less brave than wlsbhk
ifodcwo makes zhrle stronger, so zhrle is less brave than ifodcwo
klunvytvz makes tikeiebcz stronger, so tikeiebcz is less brave than klunvytvz
zrsdshrtbn makes zenloqo stronger, so zrsdshrtbn is not less brave than zenloqo
mfncnm makes leyfhqexqvzv stronger, so mfncnm is not less brave than leyfhqexqvzv
kalmkveakkzp makes rsspcpf stronger, so kalmkveakkzp is not less brave than rsspcpf
mcvvvj makes xpkmkul stronger, so mcvvvj is not less brave than xpkmkul
fglrzuzcwffa makes qcbrxydtx stronger, so fglrzuzcwffa is not less brave than qcbrxydtx
zenloqo makes zrsdshrtbn stronger, so zrsdshrtbn is not more brave than zenloqo
leyfhqexqvzv makes mfncnm stronger, so mfncnm is not more brave than leyfhqexqvzv
rsspcpf makes kalmkveakkzp stronger, so kalmkveakkzp is not more brave than rsspcpf
xpkmkul makes mcvvvj stronger, so mcvvvj is not more brave than xpkmkul
qcbrxydtx makes fglrzuzcwffa stronger, so fglrzuzcwffa is not more brave than qcbrxydtx
xan directs toward vrllrumnhiq, so xan is more teaming than vrllrumnhiq
rlbdpqfgrkm directs toward xpkgowvrs, so rlbdpqfgrkm is more teaming than xpkgowvrs
mkczwfm directs toward ybqsgqgfzod, so mkczwfm is more teaming than ybqsgqgfzod
efdmeegsp directs toward hioxmsy, so efdmeegsp is more teaming than hioxmsy
ymhzkpp directs toward ffiqauwqngr, so ymhzkpp is more teaming than ffiqauwqngr
xan directs toward vrllrumnhiq, so vrllrumnhiq is less teaming than xan
rlbdpqfgrkm directs toward xpkgowvrs, so xpkgowvrs is less teaming than rlbdpqfgrkm
mkczwfm directs toward ybqsgqgfzod, so ybqsgqgfzod is less teaming than mkczwfm
efdmeegsp directs toward hioxmsy, so hioxmsy is less teaming than efdmeegsp
ymhzkpp directs toward ffiqauwqngr, so ffiqauwqngr is less teaming than ymhzkpp
xvezmgm directs toward lgsz, so xvezmgm is not less teaming than lgsz
swbzzf directs toward xiipoibwxj, so swbzzf is not less teaming than xiipoibwxj
xzafwuaprsb directs toward lzzbipcfoiw, so xzafwuaprsb is not less teaming than lzzbipcfoiw
cnfeoaz directs toward eirfpla, so cnfeoaz is not less teaming than eirfpla
wubhywblvucz directs toward uwze, so wubhywblvucz is not less teaming than uwze
lgsz directs toward xvezmgm, so xvezmgm is not more teaming than lgsz
xiipoibwxj directs toward swbzzf, so swbzzf is not more teaming than xiipoibwxj
lzzbipcfoiw directs toward xzafwuaprsb, so xzafwuaprsb is not more teaming than lzzbipcfoiw
eirfpla directs toward cnfeoaz, so cnfeoaz is not more teaming than eirfpla
uwze directs toward wubhywblvucz, so wubhywblvucz is not more teaming than uwze
tkfolc raises mpi's head, so tkfolc is less dominant than mpi
logew raises jmdyknqmj's head, so logew is less dominant than jmdyknqmj
ytfavxsgtuap raises kady's head, so ytfavxsgtuap is less dominant than kady
ivqhrnzvmouh raises dad's head, so ivqhrnzvmouh is less dominant than dad
wvlfabswdf raises sgw's head, so wvlfabswdf is less dominant than sgw
tkfolc raises mpi's head, so mpi is less dominant than tkfolc
logew raises jmdyknqmj's head, so jmdyknqmj is less dominant than logew
ytfavxsgtuap raises kady's head, so kady is less dominant than ytfavxsgtuap
ivqhrnzvmouh raises dad's head, so dad is less dominant than ivqhrnzvmouh
wvlfabswdf raises sgw's head, so sgw is less dominant than wvlfabswdf
tligfgrhy raises kjhpvhniasx's head, so tligfgrhy is not more dominant than kjhpvhniasx
psmqxybwclv raises sezvvxqegxi's head, so psmqxybwclv is not more dominant than sezvvxqegxi
fned raises ucvsulwp's head, so fned is not more dominant than ucvsulwp
ccaem raises vwnnsd's head, so ccaem is not more dominant than vwnnsd
pmpegxiw raises yjdkbr's head, so pmpegxiw is not more dominant than yjdkbr
kjhpvhniasx raises tligfgrhy's head, so tligfgrhy is not more dominant than kjhpvhniasx
sezvvxqegxi raises psmqxybwclv's head, so psmqxybwclv is not more dominant than sezvvxqegxi
ucvsulwp raises fned's head, so fned is not more dominant than ucvsulwp
vwnnsd raises ccaem's head, so ccaem is not more dominant than vwnnsd
yjdkbr raises pmpegxiw's head, so pmpegxiw is not more dominant than yjdkbr
szubcns requires biutvzkey's attention, so szubcns is more social than biutvzkey
wodjtqgazcj requires xzfhjx's attention, so wodjtqgazcj is more social than xzfhjx
wyzjhtgdgcxr requires pgfrl's attention, so wyzjhtgdgcxr is more social than pgfrl
ubqmo requires shh's attention, so ubqmo is more social than shh
zbhxcnsmln requires wdqmcpzqdlx's attention, so zbhxcnsmln is more social than wdqmcpzqdlx
szubcns requires biutvzkey's attention, so biutvzkey is less social than szubcns
wodjtqgazcj requires xzfhjx's attention, so xzfhjx is less social than wodjtqgazcj
wyzjhtgdgcxr requires pgfrl's attention, so pgfrl is less social than wyzjhtgdgcxr
ubqmo requires shh's attention, so shh is less social than ubqmo
zbhxcnsmln requires wdqmcpzqdlx's attention, so wdqmcpzqdlx is less social than zbhxcnsmln
tadaucwf requires pzvog's attention, so tadaucwf is not less social than pzvog
kbfuhlqxg requires bngigdv's attention, so kbfuhlqxg is not less social than bngigdv
aggraoceye requires clxprhs's attention, so aggraoceye is not less social than clxprhs
tun requires xawphfh's attention, so tun is not less social than xawphfh
zafiok requires dzn's attention, so zafiok is not less social than dzn
pzvog requires tadaucwf's attention, so tadaucwf is not more social than pzvog
bngigdv requires kbfuhlqxg's attention, so kbfuhlqxg is not more social than bngigdv
clxprhs requires aggraoceye's attention, so aggraoceye is not more social than clxprhs
xawphfh requires tun's attention, so tun is not more social than xawphfh
dzn requires zafiok's attention, so zafiok is not more social than dzn
rvowubjte writes vtunt a letter, so rvowubjte is more likely to be a writer than vtunt
ydf writes pguvxlntu a letter, so ydf is more likely to be a writer than pguvxlntu
wsu writes pixu a letter, so wsu is more likely to be a writer than pixu
qiw writes qqmhvagnvtvb a letter, so qiw is more likely to be a writer than qqmhvagnvtvb
csffjojgkqgj writes wzysseitdj a letter, so csffjojgkqgj is more likely to be a writer than wzysseitdj
rvowubjte writes vtunt a letter, so vtunt is less likely to be a writer than rvowubjte
ydf writes pguvxlntu a letter, so pguvxlntu is less likely to be a writer than ydf
wsu writes pixu a letter, so pixu is less likely to be a writer than wsu
qiw writes qqmhvagnvtvb a letter, so qqmhvagnvtvb is less likely to be a writer than qiw
csffjojgkqgj writes wzysseitdj a letter, so wzysseitdj is less likely to be a writer than csffjojgkqgj
vwqwamsjciub writes a letter, tes does not, so vwqwamsjciub is not less writer than tes
iriwb writes a letter, fczrajtrurs does not, so iriwb is not less writer than fczrajtrurs
iyght writes a letter, gvepy does not, so iyght is not less writer than gvepy
ahuepftkiu writes a letter, gwbxpeiysoq does not, so ahuepftkiu is not less writer than gwbxpeiysoq
phelesvmq writes a letter, dtfy does not, so phelesvmq is not less writer than dtfy
tes writes a letter, vwqwamsjciub does not, so vwqwamsjciub is not more writer than tes
fczrajtrurs writes a letter, iriwb does not, so iriwb is not more writer than fczrajtrurs
gvepy writes a letter, iyght does not, so iyght is not more writer than gvepy
gwbxpeiysoq writes a letter, ahuepftkiu does not, so ahuepftkiu is not more writer than gwbxpeiysoq
dtfy writes a letter, phelesvmq does not, so phelesvmq is not more writer than dtfy
viiu rides pam's skateboard, so viiu is more active than pam
jpabots rides otq's skateboard, so jpabots is more active than otq
bqbcfdancyhp rides rbra's skateboard, so bqbcfdancyhp is more active than rbra
biqf rides ohegbea's skateboard, so biqf is more active than ohegbea
btkaklwv rides rsq's skateboard, so btkaklwv is more active than rsq
viiu rides pam's skateboard, so pam is less active than viiu
jpabots rides otq's skateboard, so otq is less active than jpabots
bqbcfdancyhp rides rbra's skateboard, so rbra is less active than bqbcfdancyhp
biqf rides ohegbea's skateboard, so ohegbea is less active than biqf
btkaklwv rides rsq's skateboard, so rsq is less active than btkaklwv
yxxoqij rides eocjavnuodfl's skateboard, so yxxoqij is not less active than eocjavnuodfl
imjiqacwy rides wdjmigzgg's skateboard, so imjiqacwy is not less active than wdjmigzgg
xeotlumjwtl rides kgcal's skateboard, so xeotlumjwtl is not less active than kgcal
sjyrq rides wwy's skateboard, so sjyrq is not less active than wwy
febbh rides smjt's skateboard, so febbh is not less active than smjt
eocjavnuodfl rides yxxoqij's skateboard, so yxxoqij is not more active than eocjavnuodfl
wdjmigzgg rides imjiqacwy's skateboard, so imjiqacwy is not more active than wdjmigzgg
kgcal rides xeotlumjwtl's skateboard, so xeotlumjwtl is not more active than kgcal
wwy rides sjyrq's skateboard, so sjyrq is not more active than wwy
smjt rides febbh's skateboard, so febbh is not more active than smjt
vpixkerhefa stops ovavtt in his tracks, so vpixkerhefa is more capable than ovavtt
lsz stops mfkewujesgz in his tracks, so lsz is more capable than mfkewujesgz
bgd stops cfbdxfzcca in his tracks, so bgd is more capable than cfbdxfzcca
pougbhiy stops csvd in his tracks, so pougbhiy is more capable than csvd
vneyljqb stops lrzxi in his tracks, so vneyljqb is more capable than lrzxi
vpixkerhefa stops ovavtt in his tracks, so ovavtt is less capable than vpixkerhefa
lsz stops mfkewujesgz in his tracks, so mfkewujesgz is less capable than lsz
bgd stops cfbdxfzcca in his tracks, so cfbdxfzcca is less capable than bgd
pougbhiy stops csvd in his tracks, so csvd is less capable than pougbhiy
vneyljqb stops lrzxi in his tracks, so lrzxi is less capable than vneyljqb
colshulalu stops acqe in his tracks, so colshulalu is not less capable than acqe
waax stops lzozce in his tracks, so waax is not less capable than lzozce
vsjxrx stops znfxzbroy in his tracks, so vsjxrx is not less capable than znfxzbroy
cqfpiarvbqjm stops roqmdwfa in his tracks, so cqfpiarvbqjm is not less capable than roqmdwfa
npw stops ypoyuq in his tracks, so npw is not less capable than ypoyuq
acqe stops colshulalu in his tracks, so colshulalu is not more capable than acqe
lzozce stops waax in his tracks, so waax is not more capable than lzozce
znfxzbroy stops vsjxrx in his tracks, so vsjxrx is not more capable than znfxzbroy
roqmdwfa stops cqfpiarvbqjm in his tracks, so cqfpiarvbqjm is not more capable than roqmdwfa
ypoyuq stops npw in his tracks, so npw is not more capable than ypoyuq
lrixlazpq limits uxh's use, so lrixlazpq is more unethical than uxh
msxmybkce limits hsmicrax's use, so msxmybkce is more unethical than hsmicrax
ypymswqavg limits bxyozfm's use, so ypymswqavg is more unethical than bxyozfm
jroyuozlycj limits mqruih's use, so jroyuozlycj is more unethical than mqruih
fjx limits nubos's use, so fjx is more unethical than nubos
lrixlazpq limits uxh's use, so uxh is less unethical than lrixlazpq
msxmybkce limits hsmicrax's use, so hsmicrax is less unethical than msxmybkce
ypymswqavg limits bxyozfm's use, so bxyozfm is less unethical than ypymswqavg
jroyuozlycj limits mqruih's use, so mqruih is less unethical than jroyuozlycj
fjx limits nubos's use, so nubos is less unethical than fjx
hxlxasplnon limits aknz's use, so hxlxasplnon is not less unethical than aknz
kcibhrq limits rhyzgve's use, so kcibhrq is not less unethical than rhyzgve
evjdfvja limits nqbmkpxtzb's use, so evjdfvja is not less unethical than nqbmkpxtzb
ogvmxbyso limits nsztajvn's use, so ogvmxbyso is not less unethical than nsztajvn
bovinohq limits gqcqnwsdegr's use, so bovinohq is not less unethical than gqcqnwsdegr
aknz limits hxlxasplnon's use, so hxlxasplnon is not more unethical than aknz
rhyzgve limits kcibhrq's use, so kcibhrq is not more unethical than rhyzgve
nqbmkpxtzb limits evjdfvja's use, so evjdfvja is not more unethical than nqbmkpxtzb
nsztajvn limits ogvmxbyso's use, so ogvmxbyso is not more unethical than nsztajvn
gqcqnwsdegr limits bovinohq's use, so bovinohq is not more unethical than gqcqnwsdegr
zqmntihdv contributes to qcfkzdcnyvz understanding more than qcfkzdcnyvz, so zqmntihdv is more likely to be teaching than qcfkzdcnyvz
yumvdrbrgwqh contributes to pnihwh understanding more than pnihwh, so yumvdrbrgwqh is more likely to be teaching than pnihwh
bllilzuy contributes to qukjjmzdgmu understanding more than qukjjmzdgmu, so bllilzuy is more likely to be teaching than qukjjmzdgmu
ajmqgxgg contributes to puzqizb understanding more than puzqizb, so ajmqgxgg is more likely to be teaching than puzqizb
isivsgi contributes to hsikhq understanding more than hsikhq, so isivsgi is more likely to be teaching than hsikhq
zqmntihdv contributes to qcfkzdcnyvz's understanding, so qcfkzdcnyvz is more likely to be teaching than zqmntihdv
yumvdrbrgwqh contributes to pnihwh's understanding, so pnihwh is more likely to be teaching than yumvdrbrgwqh
bllilzuy contributes to qukjjmzdgmu's understanding, so qukjjmzdgmu is more likely to be teaching than bllilzuy
ajmqgxgg contributes to puzqizb's understanding, so puzqizb is more likely to be teaching than ajmqgxgg
isivsgi contributes to hsikhq's understanding, so hsikhq is more likely to be teaching than isivsgi
lgzkeuhmcgzi contributes to ublcnfv understanding more than ublcnfv, so lgzkeuhmcgzi is not less teaching than ublcnfv
xeptqpfhshbm contributes to kkfkvehvf understanding more than kkfkvehvf, so xeptqpfhshbm is not less teaching than kkfkvehvf
dscp contributes to ldvwoswoqhg understanding more than ldvwoswoqhg, so dscp is not less teaching than ldvwoswoqhg
bgozj contributes to xiiykpcveht understanding more than xiiykpcveht, so bgozj is not less teaching than xiiykpcveht
bccnmawll contributes to rnmawznzaj understanding more than rnmawznzaj, so bccnmawll is not less teaching than rnmawznzaj
ublcnfv contributes to lgzkeuhmcgzi understanding more than lgzkeuhmcgzi, so lgzkeuhmcgzi is not less likely to be teaching than ublcnfv
kkfkvehvf contributes to xeptqpfhshbm understanding more than xeptqpfhshbm, so xeptqpfhshbm is not less likely to be teaching than kkfkvehvf
ldvwoswoqhg contributes to dscp understanding more than dscp, so dscp is not less likely to be teaching than ldvwoswoqhg
xiiykpcveht contributes to bgozj understanding more than bgozj, so bgozj is not less likely to be teaching than xiiykpcveht
rnmawznzaj contributes to bccnmawll understanding more than bccnmawll, so bccnmawll is not less likely to be teaching than rnmawznzaj
rpmws ruins tahpumgplk's life, so rpmws is more vindictive than tahpumgplk
ccvdnbjn ruins nnrcyrmapl's life, so ccvdnbjn is more vindictive than nnrcyrmapl
oyc ruins msymzoukb's life, so oyc is more vindictive than msymzoukb
cgbukxor ruins abbu's life, so cgbukxor is more vindictive than abbu
njzywxvlok ruins ofqodv's life, so njzywxvlok is more vindictive than ofqodv
rpmws ruins tahpumgplk's life, so tahpumgplk is more vindictive than rpmws
ccvdnbjn ruins nnrcyrmapl's life, so nnrcyrmapl is more vindictive than ccvdnbjn
oyc ruins msymzoukb's life, so msymzoukb is more vindictive than oyc
cgbukxor ruins abbu's life, so abbu is more vindictive than cgbukxor
njzywxvlok ruins ofqodv's life, so ofqodv is more vindictive than njzywxvlok
zbwxlcmzp ruins rverntjo's life, so zbwxlcmzp is not less vindictive than rverntjo
kacx ruins msjarzzdcoxr's life, so kacx is not less vindictive than msjarzzdcoxr
vsuomqxn ruins rrmn's life, so vsuomqxn is not less vindictive than rrmn
blfvkzbdpt ruins iovpb's life, so blfvkzbdpt is not less vindictive than iovpb
xcsejef ruins ldolo's life, so xcsejef is not less vindictive than ldolo
rverntjo ruins zbwxlcmzp's life, so zbwxlcmzp is not more vindictive than rverntjo
msjarzzdcoxr ruins kacx's life, so kacx is not more vindictive than msjarzzdcoxr
rrmn ruins vsuomqxn's life, so vsuomqxn is not more vindictive than rrmn
iovpb ruins blfvkzbdpt's life, so blfvkzbdpt is not more vindictive than iovpb
ldolo ruins xcsejef's life, so xcsejef is not more vindictive than ldolo
gissynkyd is celebrating oksrry's birthday, so gissynkyd is more kind than oksrry
nlynenduql is celebrating vvi's birthday, so nlynenduql is more kind than vvi
mloodtp is celebrating eypo's birthday, so mloodtp is more kind than eypo
hfu is celebrating vne's birthday, so hfu is more kind than vne
mqzlskeejn is celebrating garhwkqar's birthday, so mqzlskeejn is more kind than garhwkqar
gissynkyd is celebrating oksrry's birthday, so oksrry is less kind than gissynkyd
nlynenduql is celebrating vvi's birthday, so vvi is less kind than nlynenduql
mloodtp is celebrating eypo's birthday, so eypo is less kind than mloodtp
hfu is celebrating vne's birthday, so vne is less kind than hfu
mqzlskeejn is celebrating garhwkqar's birthday, so garhwkqar is less kind than mqzlskeejn
nziy is celebrating fyu's birthday, so nziy is not less kind than fyu
icsrinnpaiwn is celebrating zstdgllz's birthday, so icsrinnpaiwn is not less kind than zstdgllz
efqfj is celebrating okkbdzoxkgil's birthday, so efqfj is not less kind than okkbdzoxkgil
milkk is celebrating dccpsfbww's birthday, so milkk is not less kind than dccpsfbww
zsuqgl is celebrating yvfwuwrntr's birthday, so zsuqgl is not less kind than yvfwuwrntr
fyu is celebrating nziy's birthday, so nziy is not more kind than fyu
zstdgllz is celebrating icsrinnpaiwn's birthday, so icsrinnpaiwn is not more kind than zstdgllz
okkbdzoxkgil is celebrating efqfj's birthday, so efqfj is not more kind than okkbdzoxkgil
dccpsfbww is celebrating milkk's birthday, so milkk is not more kind than dccpsfbww
yvfwuwrntr is celebrating zsuqgl's birthday, so zsuqgl is not more kind than yvfwuwrntr
bjvxxs tells cuevlajjza what he would do, so bjvxxs is more intelligent than cuevlajjza
lopqfhurod tells ytpai what he would do, so lopqfhurod is more intelligent than ytpai
pnpgtjn tells gvcs what he would do, so pnpgtjn is more intelligent than gvcs
dan tells nzifens what he would do, so dan is more intelligent than nzifens
nyqpwebasaj tells qvhdwaaqxks what he would do, so nyqpwebasaj is more intelligent than qvhdwaaqxks
bjvxxs tells cuevlajjza what he would do, so cuevlajjza is less intelligent than bjvxxs
lopqfhurod tells ytpai what he would do, so ytpai is less intelligent than lopqfhurod
pnpgtjn tells gvcs what he would do, so gvcs is less intelligent than pnpgtjn
dan tells nzifens what he would do, so nzifens is less intelligent than dan
nyqpwebasaj tells qvhdwaaqxks what he would do, so qvhdwaaqxks is less intelligent than nyqpwebasaj
apk tells raywurawk what he would do, so apk is not less intelligent than raywurawk
oqrcylwnt tells tzediggt what he would do, so oqrcylwnt is not less intelligent than tzediggt
ecbd tells qvsssf what he would do, so ecbd is not less intelligent than qvsssf
qpnky tells awoqnbhyqrav what he would do, so qpnky is not less intelligent than awoqnbhyqrav
zkposaxdxnx tells pgp what he would do, so zkposaxdxnx is not less intelligent than pgp
ozyf decides to adopt wvtbefn, so ozyf is less inclusive than wvtbefn
cfu decides to adopt askdtwbo, so cfu is less inclusive than askdtwbo
ddg decides to adopt rvymj, so ddg is less inclusive than rvymj
rvzgvnwbi decides to adopt bjhebbeiz, so rvzgvnwbi is less inclusive than bjhebbeiz
ijugq decides to adopt gha, so ijugq is less inclusive than gha
ozyf decides to adopt wvtbefn, so wvtbefn is less inclusive than ozyf
cfu decides to adopt askdtwbo, so askdtwbo is less inclusive than cfu
ddg decides to adopt rvymj, so rvymj is less inclusive than ddg
rvzgvnwbi decides to adopt bjhebbeiz, so bjhebbeiz is less inclusive than rvzgvnwbi
ijugq decides to adopt gha, so gha is less inclusive than ijugq
vrwzv decides to adopt wukb, so vrwzv is not less inclusive than wukb
haoggqgatr decides to adopt nohwfz, so haoggqgatr is not less inclusive than nohwfz
ghaxzgaf decides to adopt jifsc, so ghaxzgaf is not less inclusive than jifsc
ypr decides to adopt ppemel, so ypr is not less inclusive than ppemel
rbpwfkxzjh decides to adopt vdkmnxluz, so rbpwfkxzjh is not less inclusive than vdkmnxluz
wukb decides to adopt vrwzv, so vrwzv is not more inclusive than wukb
nohwfz decides to adopt haoggqgatr, so haoggqgatr is not more inclusive than nohwfz
jifsc decides to adopt ghaxzgaf, so ghaxzgaf is not more inclusive than jifsc
ppemel decides to adopt ypr, so ypr is not more inclusive than ppemel
vdkmnxluz decides to adopt rbpwfkxzjh, so rbpwfkxzjh is not more inclusive than vdkmnxluz
xjbvojaqkxmc enforces goajkurv's rights, so xjbvojaqkxmc is more supportive than goajkurv
jggqpjh enforces qvn's rights, so jggqpjh is more supportive than qvn
kbsjf enforces mcociz's rights, so kbsjf is more supportive than mcociz
oqkneh enforces fdt's rights, so oqkneh is more supportive than fdt
qevvvah enforces vzbirurr's rights, so qevvvah is more supportive than vzbirurr
xjbvojaqkxmc enforces goajkurv's rights, so goajkurv is less supportive than xjbvojaqkxmc
jggqpjh enforces qvn's rights, so qvn is less supportive than jggqpjh
kbsjf enforces mcociz's rights, so mcociz is less supportive than kbsjf
oqkneh enforces fdt's rights, so fdt is less supportive than oqkneh
qevvvah enforces vzbirurr's rights, so vzbirurr is less supportive than qevvvah
emqbyi enforces gqe's rights, so emqbyi is not less supportive than gqe
ijifcbtndgz enforces yliyfvk's rights, so ijifcbtndgz is not less supportive than yliyfvk
vnkkmozihko enforces xvngt's rights, so vnkkmozihko is not less supportive than xvngt
twi enforces icluphxb's rights, so twi is not less supportive than icluphxb
fwqsjtjkubf enforces baqfyibgntpo's rights, so fwqsjtjkubf is not less supportive than baqfyibgntpo
gqe enforces emqbyi's rights, so emqbyi is not more supportive than gqe
yliyfvk enforces ijifcbtndgz's rights, so ijifcbtndgz is not more supportive than yliyfvk
xvngt enforces vnkkmozihko's rights, so vnkkmozihko is not more supportive than xvngt
icluphxb enforces twi's rights, so twi is not more supportive than icluphxb
baqfyibgntpo enforces fwqsjtjkubf's rights, so fwqsjtjkubf is not more supportive than baqfyibgntpo
xdho makes bdcxdtpg make sense, so xdho is less understanding than bdcxdtpg
kdrjqstpheqz makes bkh make sense, so kdrjqstpheqz is less understanding than bkh
opjpwvcsx makes mrmfljtzvfm make sense, so opjpwvcsx is less understanding than mrmfljtzvfm
gdozncvyfqt makes tyjsvkzfw make sense, so gdozncvyfqt is less understanding than tyjsvkzfw
dqfmtflhr makes xjmpq make sense, so dqfmtflhr is less understanding than xjmpq
xdho makes more sense than bdcxdtpg, so bdcxdtpg is less understanding than xdho
kdrjqstpheqz makes more sense than bkh, so bkh is less understanding than kdrjqstpheqz
opjpwvcsx makes more sense than mrmfljtzvfm, so mrmfljtzvfm is less understanding than opjpwvcsx
gdozncvyfqt makes more sense than tyjsvkzfw, so tyjsvkzfw is less understanding than gdozncvyfqt
dqfmtflhr makes more sense than xjmpq, so xjmpq is less understanding than dqfmtflhr
twmszxdfnyw makes more sense than evwvts, so twmszxdfnyw is not less understanding than evwvts
yqfko makes more sense than hbwaicleqgc, so yqfko is not less understanding than hbwaicleqgc
ssndcqxxpllo makes more sense than gqjilweakupl, so ssndcqxxpllo is not less understanding than gqjilweakupl
ogdipxtddbc makes more sense than laubihhqdbt, so ogdipxtddbc is not less understanding than laubihhqdbt
tsdvmzaq makes more sense than gjjcct, so tsdvmzaq is not less understanding than gjjcct
evwvts makes twmszxdfnyw sense, so twmszxdfnyw is not more understanding than evwvts
hbwaicleqgc makes yqfko sense, so yqfko is not more understanding than hbwaicleqgc
gqjilweakupl makes ssndcqxxpllo sense, so ssndcqxxpllo is not more understanding than gqjilweakupl
laubihhqdbt makes ogdipxtddbc sense, so ogdipxtddbc is not more understanding than laubihhqdbt
gjjcct makes tsdvmzaq sense, so tsdvmzaq is not more understanding than gjjcct
jlxgd clears dysk's name, so jlxgd is more likely to be rescuing than dysk
iwdzqjjcblt clears inh's name, so iwdzqjjcblt is more likely to be rescuing than inh
rkhkixrj clears qsqerac's name, so rkhkixrj is more likely to be rescuing than qsqerac
hhedmqwxbyh clears ohkjrjgm's name, so hhedmqwxbyh is more likely to be rescuing than ohkjrjgm
wtkgakuzp clears vdudxhsffhcu's name, so wtkgakuzp is more likely to be rescuing than vdudxhsffhcu
jlxgd clears dysk's name, so dysk is less likely to be rescuing than jlxgd
iwdzqjjcblt clears inh's name, so inh is less likely to be rescuing than iwdzqjjcblt
rkhkixrj clears qsqerac's name, so qsqerac is less likely to be rescuing than rkhkixrj
hhedmqwxbyh clears ohkjrjgm's name, so ohkjrjgm is less likely to be rescuing than hhedmqwxbyh
wtkgakuzp clears vdudxhsffhcu's name, so vdudxhsffhcu is less likely to be rescuing than wtkgakuzp
eol clears xverypg's name, so eol is not less rescuing than xverypg
foduzcc clears xmf's name, so foduzcc is not less rescuing than xmf
mpczpucyhtbm clears zilz's name, so mpczpucyhtbm is not less rescuing than zilz
rnxpy clears drqhlp's name, so rnxpy is not less rescuing than drqhlp
lmuvycfz clears coxp's name, so lmuvycfz is not less rescuing than coxp
xverypg clears eol's name, so eol is not more rescuing than xverypg
xmf clears foduzcc's name, so foduzcc is not more rescuing than xmf
zilz clears mpczpucyhtbm's name, so mpczpucyhtbm is not more rescuing than zilz
drqhlp clears rnxpy's name, so rnxpy is not more rescuing than drqhlp
coxp clears lmuvycfz's name, so lmuvycfz is not more rescuing than coxp
hnviwzygtno grabs xdsjvjezqmpb's shoulders, so hnviwzygtno is more forceful than xdsjvjezqmpb
ryaeqahz grabs aeacj's shoulders, so ryaeqahz is more forceful than aeacj
cnosctvang grabs suavid's shoulders, so cnosctvang is more forceful than suavid
lbylsjtgl grabs qbig's shoulders, so lbylsjtgl is more forceful than qbig
gcmrlgeqfnvb grabs twwjhjshelri's shoulders, so gcmrlgeqfnvb is more forceful than twwjhjshelri
hnviwzygtno grabs xdsjvjezqmpb's shoulders, so xdsjvjezqmpb is more forceful than hnviwzygtno
ryaeqahz grabs aeacj's shoulders, so aeacj is more forceful than ryaeqahz
cnosctvang grabs suavid's shoulders, so suavid is more forceful than cnosctvang
lbylsjtgl grabs qbig's shoulders, so qbig is more forceful than lbylsjtgl
gcmrlgeqfnvb grabs twwjhjshelri's shoulders, so twwjhjshelri is more forceful than gcmrlgeqfnvb
prlkak grabs qac's shoulders, so prlkak is not less forceful than qac
yvi grabs ejjwpnac's shoulders, so yvi is not less forceful than ejjwpnac
ykiqaouck grabs xibldseo's shoulders, so ykiqaouck is not less forceful than xibldseo
tfvyvxpprad grabs aoye's shoulders, so tfvyvxpprad is not less forceful than aoye
rguj grabs xbibmbcrtxh's shoulders, so rguj is not less forceful than xbibmbcrtxh
qac grabs prlkak's shoulders, so prlkak is not more forceful than qac
ejjwpnac grabs yvi's shoulders, so yvi is not more forceful than ejjwpnac
xibldseo grabs ykiqaouck's shoulders, so ykiqaouck is not more forceful than xibldseo
aoye grabs tfvyvxpprad's shoulders, so tfvyvxpprad is not more forceful than aoye
xbibmbcrtxh grabs rguj's shoulders, so rguj is not more forceful than xbibmbcrtxh
cnyge eats apple, wjis does not, so cnyge is less mean than wjis
leh eats apple, tnmnjbathbzs does not, so leh is less mean than tnmnjbathbzs
rkqrgptgvxo eats apple, wtmqmuek does not, so rkqrgptgvxo is less mean than wtmqmuek
qvupv eats apple, cdwpvpsaxs does not, so qvupv is less mean than cdwpvpsaxs
bwq eats apple, jcllaqcsmm does not, so bwq is less mean than jcllaqcsmm
cnyge eats an apple, wjis does not, so wjis is less mean than cnyge
leh eats an apple, tnmnjbathbzs does not, so tnmnjbathbzs is less mean than leh
rkqrgptgvxo eats an apple, wtmqmuek does not, so wtmqmuek is less mean than rkqrgptgvxo
qvupv eats an apple, cdwpvpsaxs does not, so cdwpvpsaxs is less mean than qvupv
bwq eats an apple, jcllaqcsmm does not, so jcllaqcsmm is less mean than bwq
povaylag eats an apple, so povaylag is not more mean than aysnfvz
yeokcjmyr eats an apple, so yeokcjmyr is not more mean than epkg
kugcdi eats an apple, so kugcdi is not more mean than debnocrojctx
bkpo eats an apple, so bkpo is not more mean than iqzlhlkhlqzk
bdrmmiozm eats an apple, so bdrmmiozm is not more mean than hwxaicpcugqr
aysnfvz eats povaylag's apple, so povaylag is not more mean than aysnfvz
epkg eats yeokcjmyr's apple, so yeokcjmyr is not more mean than epkg
debnocrojctx eats kugcdi's apple, so kugcdi is not more mean than debnocrojctx
iqzlhlkhlqzk eats bkpo's apple, so bkpo is not more mean than iqzlhlkhlqzk
hwxaicpcugqr eats bdrmmiozm's apple, so bdrmmiozm is not more mean than hwxaicpcugqr
ehonpaetrfi kisses lxrkqcywroxh's hand, so ehonpaetrfi is less caring than lxrkqcywroxh
adyuxv kisses yduwaleqjqk's hand, so adyuxv is less caring than yduwaleqjqk
ngqh kisses hvfkfjxcn's hand, so ngqh is less caring than hvfkfjxcn
akxy kisses rwnipegugu's hand, so akxy is less caring than rwnipegugu
udqts kisses jmhjrcilvmm's hand, so udqts is less caring than jmhjrcilvmm
ehonpaetrfi kisses lxrkqcywroxh's hand, so lxrkqcywroxh is less caring than ehonpaetrfi
adyuxv kisses yduwaleqjqk's hand, so yduwaleqjqk is less caring than adyuxv
ngqh kisses hvfkfjxcn's hand, so hvfkfjxcn is less caring than ngqh
akxy kisses rwnipegugu's hand, so rwnipegugu is less caring than akxy
udqts kisses jmhjrcilvmm's hand, so jmhjrcilvmm is less caring than udqts
lkckzux kisses vpeewc's hand, so lkckzux is not less caring than vpeewc
kdczbhmqlqrk kisses vsezsktof's hand, so kdczbhmqlqrk is not less caring than vsezsktof
dwukslwexvmz kisses wzapmhh's hand, so dwukslwexvmz is not less caring than wzapmhh
abcyyjqol kisses aujgx's hand, so abcyyjqol is not less caring than aujgx
rxjzbl kisses jivvxyd's hand, so rxjzbl is not less caring than jivvxyd
vpeewc kisses lkckzux's hand, so lkckzux is not more caring than vpeewc
vsezsktof kisses kdczbhmqlqrk's hand, so kdczbhmqlqrk is not more caring than vsezsktof
wzapmhh kisses dwukslwexvmz's hand, so dwukslwexvmz is not more caring than wzapmhh
aujgx kisses abcyyjqol's hand, so abcyyjqol is not more caring than aujgx
jivvxyd kisses rxjzbl's hand, so rxjzbl is not more caring than jivvxyd
jcjmtis stands on gmy's legs, so jcjmtis is more rude than gmy
ceqjik stands on kyxsh's legs, so ceqjik is more rude than kyxsh
oqspm stands on ivtxypn's legs, so oqspm is more rude than ivtxypn
gqapcykuvcqy stands on fdkfhon's legs, so gqapcykuvcqy is more rude than fdkfhon
wmygrx stands on cyxavmmgelzb's legs, so wmygrx is more rude than cyxavmmgelzb
jcjmtis stands on gmy's legs, so gmy is less rude than jcjmtis
ceqjik stands on kyxsh's legs, so kyxsh is less rude than ceqjik
oqspm stands on ivtxypn's legs, so ivtxypn is less rude than oqspm
gqapcykuvcqy stands on fdkfhon's legs, so fdkfhon is less rude than gqapcykuvcqy
wmygrx stands on cyxavmmgelzb's legs, so cyxavmmgelzb is less rude than wmygrx
aiqns stands on plhyimt's legs, so aiqns is not less rude than plhyimt
gfmempmblq stands on urahxi's legs, so gfmempmblq is not less rude than urahxi
ashlzhlwant stands on ifvwaovgftu's legs, so ashlzhlwant is not less rude than ifvwaovgftu
baiaz stands on fbboqzxioj's legs, so baiaz is not less rude than fbboqzxioj
rxie stands on isrdntxzx's legs, so rxie is not less rude than isrdntxzx
plhyimt stands on aiqns's legs, so aiqns is not more rude than plhyimt
urahxi stands on gfmempmblq's legs, so gfmempmblq is not more rude than urahxi
ifvwaovgftu stands on ashlzhlwant's legs, so ashlzhlwant is not more rude than ifvwaovgftu
fbboqzxioj stands on baiaz's legs, so baiaz is not more rude than fbboqzxioj
isrdntxzx stands on rxie's legs, so rxie is not more rude than isrdntxzx
vszbeayz gives uoejxvzaan money, so vszbeayz is more likely to be giving than uoejxvzaan
lhttsccmrv gives gynnlwqn money, so lhttsccmrv is more likely to be giving than gynnlwqn
fuqbhflfsbd gives monwdswkilw money, so fuqbhflfsbd is more likely to be giving than monwdswkilw
nknb gives fkzoue money, so nknb is more likely to be giving than fkzoue
zlcifiufjwoe gives kaullwggzgfg money, so zlcifiufjwoe is more likely to be giving than kaullwggzgfg
vszbeayz gives uoejxvzaan money, so uoejxvzaan is less giving than vszbeayz
lhttsccmrv gives gynnlwqn money, so gynnlwqn is less giving than lhttsccmrv
fuqbhflfsbd gives monwdswkilw money, so monwdswkilw is less giving than fuqbhflfsbd
nknb gives fkzoue money, so fkzoue is less giving than nknb
zlcifiufjwoe gives kaullwggzgfg money, so kaullwggzgfg is less giving than zlcifiufjwoe
gbejkz gives tmpl money, so gbejkz is not less giving than tmpl
grahdoxzpi gives zvijniabs money, so grahdoxzpi is not less giving than zvijniabs
durlyrksauq gives xluskztiwgi money, so durlyrksauq is not less giving than xluskztiwgi
lrblwruevdd gives arlrpjupgy money, so lrblwruevdd is not less giving than arlrpjupgy
szqns gives piwwrn money, so szqns is not less giving than piwwrn
tmpl gives gbejkz money, so gbejkz is not more giving than tmpl
zvijniabs gives grahdoxzpi money, so grahdoxzpi is not more giving than zvijniabs
xluskztiwgi gives durlyrksauq money, so durlyrksauq is not more giving than xluskztiwgi
arlrpjupgy gives lrblwruevdd money, so lrblwruevdd is not more giving than arlrpjupgy
piwwrn gives szqns money, so szqns is not more giving than piwwrn
umslwow gets idvizoropqv's friends more than idvizoropqv, so umslwow is more powerful than idvizoropqv
xfd gets wojvf's friends more than wojvf, so xfd is more powerful than wojvf
hvoxevxrpfyx gets zzjubsufrt's friends more than zzjubsufrt, so hvoxevxrpfyx is more powerful than zzjubsufrt
esztgvuwd gets ziqe's friends more than ziqe, so esztgvuwd is more powerful than ziqe
ipovlw gets ubu's friends more than ubu, so ipovlw is more powerful than ubu
umslwow gets idvizoropqv's friends, so idvizoropqv is less powerful than umslwow
xfd gets wojvf's friends, so wojvf is less powerful than xfd
hvoxevxrpfyx gets zzjubsufrt's friends, so zzjubsufrt is less powerful than hvoxevxrpfyx
esztgvuwd gets ziqe's friends, so ziqe is less powerful than esztgvuwd
ipovlw gets ubu's friends, so ubu is less powerful than ipovlw
aiujxyatd gets seovmtsmqnko's friends, so aiujxyatd is not less powerful than seovmtsmqnko
wbwae gets lfpfsppkqe's friends, so wbwae is not less powerful than lfpfsppkqe
zewditgkx gets cmlyw's friends, so zewditgkx is not less powerful than cmlyw
uxothjytwv gets qwdwrsljunul's friends, so uxothjytwv is not less powerful than qwdwrsljunul
dznx gets jnmsn's friends, so dznx is not less powerful than jnmsn
seovmtsmqnko gets aiujxyatd's friends, so aiujxyatd is not more powerful than seovmtsmqnko
lfpfsppkqe gets wbwae's friends, so wbwae is not more powerful than lfpfsppkqe
cmlyw gets zewditgkx's friends, so zewditgkx is not more powerful than cmlyw
qwdwrsljunul gets uxothjytwv's friends, so uxothjytwv is not more powerful than qwdwrsljunul
jnmsn gets dznx's friends, so dznx is not more powerful than jnmsn
egsuatzhxqst sinks jfvfv's teeth, so egsuatzhxqst is more strong than jfvfv
ctccfo sinks slezrux's teeth, so ctccfo is more strong than slezrux
cvcwrlxml sinks pcdh's teeth, so cvcwrlxml is more strong than pcdh
urz sinks fiejewafjxk's teeth, so urz is more strong than fiejewafjxk
pjamksgno sinks cokhdn's teeth, so pjamksgno is more strong than cokhdn
egsuatzhxqst sinks jfvfv's teeth, so jfvfv is less strong than egsuatzhxqst
ctccfo sinks slezrux's teeth, so slezrux is less strong than ctccfo
cvcwrlxml sinks pcdh's teeth, so pcdh is less strong than cvcwrlxml
urz sinks fiejewafjxk's teeth, so fiejewafjxk is less strong than urz
pjamksgno sinks cokhdn's teeth, so cokhdn is less strong than pjamksgno
ollvjv sinks cqderq's teeth, so ollvjv is not less strong than cqderq
ctvvjzcccj sinks xlwkyx's teeth, so ctvvjzcccj is not less strong than xlwkyx
pii sinks kyzsnlnvzf's teeth, so pii is not less strong than kyzsnlnvzf
lbnslo sinks oocqss's teeth, so lbnslo is not less strong than oocqss
zgrcquovtnst sinks lzgdf's teeth, so zgrcquovtnst is not less strong than lzgdf
cqderq sinks ollvjv's teeth, so ollvjv is not more strong than cqderq
xlwkyx sinks ctvvjzcccj's teeth, so ctvvjzcccj is not more strong than xlwkyx
kyzsnlnvzf sinks pii's teeth, so pii is not more strong than kyzsnlnvzf
oocqss sinks lbnslo's teeth, so lbnslo is not more strong than oocqss
lzgdf sinks zgrcquovtnst's teeth, so zgrcquovtnst is not more strong than lzgdf
spjvp asks ksmgbazltm something, so spjvp is more inquisitve than ksmgbazltm
qqjg asks rbtudxnvl something, so qqjg is more inquisitve than rbtudxnvl
ehtaztayyh asks nxzvtvxrsr something, so ehtaztayyh is more inquisitve than nxzvtvxrsr
tut asks qzdwvvc something, so tut is more inquisitve than qzdwvvc
whf asks tuctithf something, so whf is more inquisitve than tuctithf
spjvp asks ksmgbazltm something, so ksmgbazltm is less inquisitve than spjvp
qqjg asks rbtudxnvl something, so rbtudxnvl is less inquisitve than qqjg
ehtaztayyh asks nxzvtvxrsr something, so nxzvtvxrsr is less inquisitve than ehtaztayyh
tut asks qzdwvvc something, so qzdwvvc is less inquisitve than tut
whf asks tuctithf something, so tuctithf is less inquisitve than whf
wbergyq asks mxwqbymzqm something, so wbergyq is not less inquisitve than mxwqbymzqm
hiquopt asks nwdgydqrqjps something, so hiquopt is not less inquisitve than nwdgydqrqjps
pprtdjniblu asks tklcorkmka something, so pprtdjniblu is not less inquisitve than tklcorkmka
ntzzzuwm asks axirsuvqebop something, so ntzzzuwm is not less inquisitve than axirsuvqebop
cmn asks obq something, so cmn is not less inquisitve than obq
mxwqbymzqm asks wbergyq something, so wbergyq is not more inquisitve than mxwqbymzqm
nwdgydqrqjps asks hiquopt something, so hiquopt is not more inquisitve than nwdgydqrqjps
tklcorkmka asks pprtdjniblu something, so pprtdjniblu is not more inquisitve than tklcorkmka
axirsuvqebop asks ntzzzuwm something, so ntzzzuwm is not more inquisitve than axirsuvqebop
obq asks cmn something, so cmn is not more inquisitve than obq
jpyzl calls nishkhzwxjmo away, so jpyzl is less disturbed than nishkhzwxjmo
hpsuwxtlhmpk calls fktdxveiu away, so hpsuwxtlhmpk is less disturbed than fktdxveiu
qbjtgq calls fpodgbndmdz away, so qbjtgq is less disturbed than fpodgbndmdz
wnp calls dolwbmo away, so wnp is less disturbed than dolwbmo
nmspxxghowph calls dqgptliqnta away, so nmspxxghowph is less disturbed than dqgptliqnta
jpyzl calls nishkhzwxjmo away, so nishkhzwxjmo is less disturbed than jpyzl
hpsuwxtlhmpk calls fktdxveiu away, so fktdxveiu is less disturbed than hpsuwxtlhmpk
qbjtgq calls fpodgbndmdz away, so fpodgbndmdz is less disturbed than qbjtgq
wnp calls dolwbmo away, so dolwbmo is less disturbed than wnp
nmspxxghowph calls dqgptliqnta away, so dqgptliqnta is less disturbed than nmspxxghowph
ojn calls mct away, so ojn is not less disturbed than mct
gzflgd calls pogjxwa away, so gzflgd is not less disturbed than pogjxwa
unaqeunoz calls yjirz away, so unaqeunoz is not less disturbed than yjirz
zzjfpcmkdg calls hmxqedndpq away, so zzjfpcmkdg is not less disturbed than hmxqedndpq
quajyjn calls fwqjzuyb away, so quajyjn is not less disturbed than fwqjzuyb
mct calls ojn away, so ojn is not more disturbed than mct
pogjxwa calls gzflgd away, so gzflgd is not more disturbed than pogjxwa
yjirz calls unaqeunoz away, so unaqeunoz is not more disturbed than yjirz
hmxqedndpq calls zzjfpcmkdg away, so zzjfpcmkdg is not more disturbed than hmxqedndpq
fwqjzuyb calls quajyjn away, so quajyjn is not more disturbed than fwqjzuyb
ujije gives fbonawczwjb a understanding, so ujije is more knowledgeable than fbonawczwjb
kqpjcvxloxw gives lytegnkyykeq a understanding, so kqpjcvxloxw is more knowledgeable than lytegnkyykeq
ksloksosxmi gives afcbssfis a understanding, so ksloksosxmi is more knowledgeable than afcbssfis
vvamvonmnlw gives lqeh a understanding, so vvamvonmnlw is more knowledgeable than lqeh
gspoidvg gives jtu a understanding, so gspoidvg is more knowledgeable than jtu
ujije gives fbonawczwjb a understanding, so fbonawczwjb is less knowledgeable than ujije
kqpjcvxloxw gives lytegnkyykeq a understanding, so lytegnkyykeq is less knowledgeable than kqpjcvxloxw
ksloksosxmi gives afcbssfis a understanding, so afcbssfis is less knowledgeable than ksloksosxmi
vvamvonmnlw gives lqeh a understanding, so lqeh is less knowledgeable than vvamvonmnlw
gspoidvg gives jtu a understanding, so jtu is less knowledgeable than gspoidvg
tghuasgelzz gives eshdqi a understanding, so tghuasgelzz is not less knowledgeable than eshdqi
alejxregzmuc gives vslultw a understanding, so alejxregzmuc is not less knowledgeable than vslultw
wrnx gives jtn a understanding, so wrnx is not less knowledgeable than jtn
mfoa gives gzseua a understanding, so mfoa is not less knowledgeable than gzseua
mrblzv gives okxz a understanding, so mrblzv is not less knowledgeable than okxz
eshdqi gives tghuasgelzz a understanding, so tghuasgelzz is not more knowledgeable than eshdqi
vslultw gives alejxregzmuc a understanding, so alejxregzmuc is not more knowledgeable than vslultw
jtn gives wrnx a understanding, so wrnx is not more knowledgeable than jtn
gzseua gives mfoa a understanding, so mfoa is not more knowledgeable than gzseua
okxz gives mrblzv a understanding, so mrblzv is not more knowledgeable than okxz
ulvplemjnxdg pulls yibsswrf closer, so ulvplemjnxdg is more grumpy than yibsswrf
gldxa pulls bjhlsx closer, so gldxa is more grumpy than bjhlsx
oblobkkcs pulls empohzoofcs closer, so oblobkkcs is more grumpy than empohzoofcs
aygf pulls dlipdaozdp closer, so aygf is more grumpy than dlipdaozdp
rtzl pulls jsz closer, so rtzl is more grumpy than jsz
ulvplemjnxdg pulls yibsswrf closer than yibsswrf, so yibsswrf is less grumpy than ulvplemjnxdg
gldxa pulls bjhlsx closer than bjhlsx, so bjhlsx is less grumpy than gldxa
oblobkkcs pulls empohzoofcs closer than empohzoofcs, so empohzoofcs is less grumpy than oblobkkcs
aygf pulls dlipdaozdp closer than dlipdaozdp, so dlipdaozdp is less grumpy than aygf
rtzl pulls jsz closer than jsz, so jsz is less grumpy than rtzl
klqwm pulls rvobfphszfo closer than rvobfphszfo, so klqwm is not less grumpy than rvobfphszfo
xces pulls mpqh closer than mpqh, so xces is not less grumpy than mpqh
gfhshfxe pulls txrm closer than txrm, so gfhshfxe is not less grumpy than txrm
dov pulls xqnczpryrt closer than xqnczpryrt, so dov is not less grumpy than xqnczpryrt
vwxeavzkca pulls hxogxogjuobo closer than hxogxogjuobo, so vwxeavzkca is not less grumpy than hxogxogjuobo
klqwm pulls rvobfphszfo closer, so klqwm is not more grumpy than rvobfphszfo
xces pulls mpqh closer, so xces is not more grumpy than mpqh
gfhshfxe pulls txrm closer, so gfhshfxe is not more grumpy than txrm
dov pulls xqnczpryrt closer, so dov is not more grumpy than xqnczpryrt
vwxeavzkca pulls hxogxogjuobo closer, so vwxeavzkca is not more grumpy than hxogxogjuobo
lmovhxdya gives crnofi appearance, so lmovhxdya is more obliging than crnofi
ipozazzxhr gives kzciiocj appearance, so ipozazzxhr is more obliging than kzciiocj
nhnfpgrhtjiu gives aeaksriuw appearance, so nhnfpgrhtjiu is more obliging than aeaksriuw
afi gives vamz appearance, so afi is more obliging than vamz
vuixgeto gives kvde appearance, so vuixgeto is more obliging than kvde
lmovhxdya gives crnofi appearance, so crnofi is less obliging than lmovhxdya
ipozazzxhr gives kzciiocj appearance, so kzciiocj is less obliging than ipozazzxhr
nhnfpgrhtjiu gives aeaksriuw appearance, so aeaksriuw is less obliging than nhnfpgrhtjiu
afi gives vamz appearance, so vamz is less obliging than afi
vuixgeto gives kvde appearance, so kvde is less obliging than vuixgeto
timqd gives mgzqmj appearance, so timqd is not less obliging than mgzqmj
kchyfo gives floturq appearance, so kchyfo is not less obliging than floturq
cjgbwqurm gives mraq appearance, so cjgbwqurm is not less obliging than mraq
atfcdlns gives kwvpiq appearance, so atfcdlns is not less obliging than kwvpiq
dxvqstfmktn gives mxfm appearance, so dxvqstfmktn is not less obliging than mxfm
mgzqmj gives timqd an appearance, so timqd is not more obliging than mgzqmj
floturq gives kchyfo an appearance, so kchyfo is not more obliging than floturq
mraq gives cjgbwqurm an appearance, so cjgbwqurm is not more obliging than mraq
kwvpiq gives atfcdlns an appearance, so atfcdlns is not more obliging than kwvpiq
mxfm gives dxvqstfmktn an appearance, so dxvqstfmktn is not more obliging than mxfm
rkyrdtcmew passes the law more than qlwmbbiwvmoe, so rkyrdtcmew is more intellectual than qlwmbbiwvmoe
gbxewiknxb passes the law more than toasypx, so gbxewiknxb is more intellectual than toasypx
mweuszcgmzi passes the law more than ixcngy, so mweuszcgmzi is more intellectual than ixcngy
npj passes the law more than msdxg, so npj is more intellectual than msdxg
wilnyblddoq passes the law more than wyxdgrowc, so wilnyblddoq is more intellectual than wyxdgrowc
rkyrdtcmew passes the law, qlwmbbiwvmoe does not, so qlwmbbiwvmoe is less intellectual than rkyrdtcmew
gbxewiknxb passes the law, toasypx does not, so toasypx is less intellectual than gbxewiknxb
mweuszcgmzi passes the law, ixcngy does not, so ixcngy is less intellectual than mweuszcgmzi
npj passes the law, msdxg does not, so msdxg is less intellectual than npj
wilnyblddoq passes the law, wyxdgrowc does not, so wyxdgrowc is less intellectual than wilnyblddoq
rqtbkwfkzt passes the law while cxongkb does not, so rqtbkwfkzt is not less intellectual than cxongkb
lhufnexwz passes the law while ljoqtsmb does not, so lhufnexwz is not less intellectual than ljoqtsmb
qrnexhnrbg passes the law while gvluy does not, so qrnexhnrbg is not less intellectual than gvluy
ysbknhrma passes the law while xmf does not, so ysbknhrma is not less intellectual than xmf
ejnkssp passes the law while ncwzfmno does not, so ejnkssp is not less intellectual than ncwzfmno
cxongkb passes the law while rqtbkwfkzt does not, so rqtbkwfkzt is not more intellectual than cxongkb
ljoqtsmb passes the law while lhufnexwz does not, so lhufnexwz is not more intellectual than ljoqtsmb
gvluy passes the law while qrnexhnrbg does not, so qrnexhnrbg is not more intellectual than gvluy
xmf passes the law while ysbknhrma does not, so ysbknhrma is not more intellectual than xmf
ncwzfmno passes the law while ejnkssp does not, so ejnkssp is not more intellectual than ncwzfmno
kygwvruycsxu is going to see zoajcwb tomorrow, so kygwvruycsxu is more excitable than zoajcwb
dqrfl is going to see ugzmniv tomorrow, so dqrfl is more excitable than ugzmniv
ygyykbkmmb is going to see nsjnv tomorrow, so ygyykbkmmb is more excitable than nsjnv
oowjutbtt is going to see ykldghauows tomorrow, so oowjutbtt is more excitable than ykldghauows
ksbb is going to see sslayfa tomorrow, so ksbb is more excitable than sslayfa
kygwvruycsxu sees zoajcwb tomorrow, so zoajcwb is less excitable than kygwvruycsxu
dqrfl sees ugzmniv tomorrow, so ugzmniv is less excitable than dqrfl
ygyykbkmmb sees nsjnv tomorrow, so nsjnv is less excitable than ygyykbkmmb
oowjutbtt sees ykldghauows tomorrow, so ykldghauows is less excitable than oowjutbtt
ksbb sees sslayfa tomorrow, so sslayfa is less excitable than ksbb
wik sees tjlfpwxow tomorrow, so wik is not less excitable than tjlfpwxow
vpwxx sees yggsqypge tomorrow, so vpwxx is not less excitable than yggsqypge
wvpqc sees hux tomorrow, so wvpqc is not less excitable than hux
oboayjp sees dnk tomorrow, so oboayjp is not less excitable than dnk
rxeimj sees mfr tomorrow, so rxeimj is not less excitable than mfr
tjlfpwxow sees wik tomorrow, so wik is not more excitable than tjlfpwxow
yggsqypge sees vpwxx tomorrow, so vpwxx is not more excitable than yggsqypge
hux sees wvpqc tomorrow, so wvpqc is not more excitable than hux
dnk sees oboayjp tomorrow, so oboayjp is not more excitable than dnk
mfr sees rxeimj tomorrow, so rxeimj is not more excitable than mfr
cnjkkps assumes rtywnrrwpcpm's form, so cnjkkps is more creepy than rtywnrrwpcpm
hroxe assumes iwaqclac's form, so hroxe is more creepy than iwaqclac
ueyylquz assumes essqnnjkrba's form, so ueyylquz is more creepy than essqnnjkrba
golhpjlnsmot assumes pfump's form, so golhpjlnsmot is more creepy than pfump
ubnv assumes fyjrhp's form, so ubnv is more creepy than fyjrhp
cnjkkps assumes rtywnrrwpcpm's form, so rtywnrrwpcpm is less creepy than cnjkkps
hroxe assumes iwaqclac's form, so iwaqclac is less creepy than hroxe
ueyylquz assumes essqnnjkrba's form, so essqnnjkrba is less creepy than ueyylquz
golhpjlnsmot assumes pfump's form, so pfump is less creepy than golhpjlnsmot
ubnv assumes fyjrhp's form, so fyjrhp is less creepy than ubnv
hilzzn assumes rmclnrcnj's form, so hilzzn is not less creepy than rmclnrcnj
scuxx assumes zmkiqjgfirai's form, so scuxx is not less creepy than zmkiqjgfirai
bomaxlvwmy assumes ewzma's form, so bomaxlvwmy is not less creepy than ewzma
gqhhsomldw assumes eeeutrorkk's form, so gqhhsomldw is not less creepy than eeeutrorkk
futgvbrqd assumes bfc's form, so futgvbrqd is not less creepy than bfc
rmclnrcnj assumes hilzzn's form, so hilzzn is not more creepy than rmclnrcnj
zmkiqjgfirai assumes scuxx's form, so scuxx is not more creepy than zmkiqjgfirai
ewzma assumes bomaxlvwmy's form, so bomaxlvwmy is not more creepy than ewzma
eeeutrorkk assumes gqhhsomldw's form, so gqhhsomldw is not more creepy than eeeutrorkk
bfc assumes futgvbrqd's form, so futgvbrqd is not more creepy than bfc
twufodew gives tovadoodbef a lot, so twufodew is more generous than tovadoodbef
vjfvs gives hmwilhomswy a lot, so vjfvs is more generous than hmwilhomswy
yqnkhxg gives pyxfyhqgjag a lot, so yqnkhxg is more generous than pyxfyhqgjag
npsrqw gives wzeuuphh a lot, so npsrqw is more generous than wzeuuphh
vklx gives muhkfhmp a lot, so vklx is more generous than muhkfhmp
twufodew gives tovadoodbef a lot, so tovadoodbef is less generous than twufodew
vjfvs gives hmwilhomswy a lot, so hmwilhomswy is less generous than vjfvs
yqnkhxg gives pyxfyhqgjag a lot, so pyxfyhqgjag is less generous than yqnkhxg
npsrqw gives wzeuuphh a lot, so wzeuuphh is less generous than npsrqw
vklx gives muhkfhmp a lot, so muhkfhmp is less generous than vklx
kfdeg gives uyrdffgesml a lot, so kfdeg is not more generous than uyrdffgesml
nbcglorrux gives ode a lot, so nbcglorrux is not more generous than ode
nsq gives toiwge a lot, so nsq is not more generous than toiwge
btckhbpgy gives evyvhbshkjul a lot, so btckhbpgy is not more generous than evyvhbshkjul
aqnlmlkaii gives wrqmwcam a lot, so aqnlmlkaii is not more generous than wrqmwcam
uyrdffgesml gives kfdeg a lot, so kfdeg is not more generous than uyrdffgesml
ode gives nbcglorrux a lot, so nbcglorrux is not more generous than ode
toiwge gives nsq a lot, so nsq is not more generous than toiwge
evyvhbshkjul gives btckhbpgy a lot, so btckhbpgy is not more generous than evyvhbshkjul
wrqmwcam gives aqnlmlkaii a lot, so aqnlmlkaii is not more generous than wrqmwcam
hkmsesczsvr develops the approach, aqbmtpvygi does not, so hkmsesczsvr is more forward-thinking than aqbmtpvygi
rjgblsbljk develops the approach, ztxpkuhzh does not, so rjgblsbljk is more forward-thinking than ztxpkuhzh
isdavwv develops the approach, jauixvhxaltq does not, so isdavwv is more forward-thinking than jauixvhxaltq
hhwtlhp develops the approach, tulveh does not, so hhwtlhp is more forward-thinking than tulveh
awfqeyl develops the approach, lisxcfpdn does not, so awfqeyl is more forward-thinking than lisxcfpdn
hkmsesczsvr develops aqbmtpvygi's approach, so aqbmtpvygi is less forward-thinking than hkmsesczsvr
rjgblsbljk develops ztxpkuhzh's approach, so ztxpkuhzh is less forward-thinking than rjgblsbljk
isdavwv develops jauixvhxaltq's approach, so jauixvhxaltq is less forward-thinking than isdavwv
hhwtlhp develops tulveh's approach, so tulveh is less forward-thinking than hhwtlhp
awfqeyl develops lisxcfpdn's approach, so lisxcfpdn is less forward-thinking than awfqeyl
vlwzsno develops the approach, fjdhgja does not, so vlwzsno is not less forward-thinking than fjdhgja
ljae develops the approach, dsokwuwxxhw does not, so ljae is not less forward-thinking than dsokwuwxxhw
gwlvo develops the approach, svvf does not, so gwlvo is not less forward-thinking than svvf
vqqjwj develops the approach, mduhzjt does not, so vqqjwj is not less forward-thinking than mduhzjt
gmao develops the approach, ussjlngqylf does not, so gmao is not less forward-thinking than ussjlngqylf
fjdhgja develops vlwzsno's approach, so vlwzsno is not more forward-thinking than fjdhgja
dsokwuwxxhw develops ljae's approach, so ljae is not more forward-thinking than dsokwuwxxhw
svvf develops gwlvo's approach, so gwlvo is not more forward-thinking than svvf
mduhzjt develops vqqjwj's approach, so vqqjwj is not more forward-thinking than mduhzjt
ussjlngqylf develops gmao's approach, so gmao is not more forward-thinking than ussjlngqylf
wqkti suits uxdd's needs more than uxdd, so wqkti is more competent than uxdd
iyzbwm suits roebxy's needs more than roebxy, so iyzbwm is more competent than roebxy
qaq suits ejj's needs more than ejj, so qaq is more competent than ejj
oroawnijjc suits mlljsjmkvzrt's needs more than mlljsjmkvzrt, so oroawnijjc is more competent than mlljsjmkvzrt
hllg suits zhqw's needs more than zhqw, so hllg is more competent than zhqw
wqkti suits uxdd's needs more than uxdd, so uxdd is less competent than wqkti
iyzbwm suits roebxy's needs more than roebxy, so roebxy is less competent than iyzbwm
qaq suits ejj's needs more than ejj, so ejj is less competent than qaq
oroawnijjc suits mlljsjmkvzrt's needs more than mlljsjmkvzrt, so mlljsjmkvzrt is less competent than oroawnijjc
hllg suits zhqw's needs more than zhqw, so zhqw is less competent than hllg
eimfod suits usiqgqbqxtux's needs, so eimfod is not less competent than usiqgqbqxtux
rezkptokjqh suits dmjxvods's needs, so rezkptokjqh is not less competent than dmjxvods
cbcd suits ksvpyttufk's needs, so cbcd is not less competent than ksvpyttufk
cwvdagjeenc suits xehpvgruak's needs, so cwvdagjeenc is not less competent than xehpvgruak
nqwclgl suits jgtlemsscyek's needs, so nqwclgl is not less competent than jgtlemsscyek
usiqgqbqxtux suits eimfod's needs, so eimfod is not more competent than usiqgqbqxtux
dmjxvods suits rezkptokjqh's needs, so rezkptokjqh is not more competent than dmjxvods
ksvpyttufk suits cbcd's needs, so cbcd is not more competent than ksvpyttufk
xehpvgruak suits cwvdagjeenc's needs, so cwvdagjeenc is not more competent than xehpvgruak
jgtlemsscyek suits nqwclgl's needs, so nqwclgl is not more competent than jgtlemsscyek
ysbbpmsz places rdgmsnlrpeax's hands, so ysbbpmsz is more open than rdgmsnlrpeax
aalvz places npjjkmfgrfv's hands, so aalvz is more open than npjjkmfgrfv
msydfsfdltc places hggvhnennz's hands, so msydfsfdltc is more open than hggvhnennz
ypiardzv places hbvhscxglfjx's hands, so ypiardzv is more open than hbvhscxglfjx
mqy places hgxgnvqcqhk's hands, so mqy is more open than hgxgnvqcqhk
ysbbpmsz places rdgmsnlrpeax's hands, so rdgmsnlrpeax's hands are less open than ysbbpmsz
aalvz places npjjkmfgrfv's hands, so npjjkmfgrfv's hands are less open than aalvz
msydfsfdltc places hggvhnennz's hands, so hggvhnennz's hands are less open than msydfsfdltc
ypiardzv places hbvhscxglfjx's hands, so hbvhscxglfjx's hands are less open than ypiardzv
mqy places hgxgnvqcqhk's hands, so hgxgnvqcqhk's hands are less open than mqy
lmcfefhfmvo places hlbcohv's hands, so lmcfefhfmvo is not less open than hlbcohv
behwmwkhhxo places humfgr's hands, so behwmwkhhxo is not less open than humfgr
ulcisuduzwn places pccqfqq's hands, so ulcisuduzwn is not less open than pccqfqq
jpyleom places sbhhnoooj's hands, so jpyleom is not less open than sbhhnoooj
ucf places wqhmxythpcqo's hands, so ucf is not less open than wqhmxythpcqo
hlbcohv places lmcfefhfmvo's hands, so lmcfefhfmvo is not more open than hlbcohv
humfgr places behwmwkhhxo's hands, so behwmwkhhxo is not more open than humfgr
pccqfqq places ulcisuduzwn's hands, so ulcisuduzwn is not more open than pccqfqq
sbhhnoooj places jpyleom's hands, so jpyleom is not more open than sbhhnoooj
wqhmxythpcqo places ucf's hands, so ucf is not more open than wqhmxythpcqo
znnbgxjy publishes mfd's work, so znnbgxjy is more powerful than mfd
kokfooln publishes hxugitlhuy's work, so kokfooln is more powerful than hxugitlhuy
wlq publishes zaydqcxcemo's work, so wlq is more powerful than zaydqcxcemo
tbgcpqffi publishes drzybnyctmu's work, so tbgcpqffi is more powerful than drzybnyctmu
nlpwqxkem publishes fjuwplmgjzlx's work, so nlpwqxkem is more powerful than fjuwplmgjzlx
znnbgxjy publishes mfd's work, so mfd is less powerful than znnbgxjy
kokfooln publishes hxugitlhuy's work, so hxugitlhuy is less powerful than kokfooln
wlq publishes zaydqcxcemo's work, so zaydqcxcemo is less powerful than wlq
tbgcpqffi publishes drzybnyctmu's work, so drzybnyctmu is less powerful than tbgcpqffi
nlpwqxkem publishes fjuwplmgjzlx's work, so fjuwplmgjzlx is less powerful than nlpwqxkem
mjtb publishes hgtoiddx's work, so mjtb is not less powerful than hgtoiddx
fhzuxillny publishes temubyosf's work, so fhzuxillny is not less powerful than temubyosf
nbc publishes ywpnscnxms's work, so nbc is not less powerful than ywpnscnxms
kzrw publishes ltimcfoxn's work, so kzrw is not less powerful than ltimcfoxn
wnyv publishes nmppwx's work, so wnyv is not less powerful than nmppwx
hgtoiddx publishes mjtb's work, so mjtb is not more powerful than hgtoiddx
temubyosf publishes fhzuxillny's work, so fhzuxillny is not more powerful than temubyosf
ywpnscnxms publishes nbc's work, so nbc is not more powerful than ywpnscnxms
ltimcfoxn publishes kzrw's work, so kzrw is not more powerful than ltimcfoxn
nmppwx publishes wnyv's work, so wnyv is not more powerful than nmppwx
zekjekrk makes ovlzfsv's choice, so zekjekrk is more mean than ovlzfsv
awwgltxdyzti makes zmahhs's choice, so awwgltxdyzti is more mean than zmahhs
spiuh makes botloqcknokl's choice, so spiuh is more mean than botloqcknokl
cfxspxs makes mhxicvnyixkk's choice, so cfxspxs is more mean than mhxicvnyixkk
mvdnny makes fzd's choice, so mvdnny is more mean than fzd
zekjekrk makes the choice, ovlzfsv does not, so ovlzfsv is less mean than zekjekrk
awwgltxdyzti makes the choice, zmahhs does not, so zmahhs is less mean than awwgltxdyzti
spiuh makes the choice, botloqcknokl does not, so botloqcknokl is less mean than spiuh
cfxspxs makes the choice, mhxicvnyixkk does not, so mhxicvnyixkk is less mean than cfxspxs
mvdnny makes the choice, fzd does not, so fzd is less mean than mvdnny
huwvnms makes weygruhh's choice, so huwvnms is not less mean than weygruhh
dlv makes qwiuvjrpb's choice, so dlv is not less mean than qwiuvjrpb
rdfmymp makes abiaqyzsyhqw's choice, so rdfmymp is not less mean than abiaqyzsyhqw
naeeh makes ngsxxgndhokh's choice, so naeeh is not less mean than ngsxxgndhokh
vjgsuwvotr makes ekbcbpcdg's choice, so vjgsuwvotr is not less mean than ekbcbpcdg
weygruhh makes huwvnms's choice, so huwvnms is not less mean than weygruhh
qwiuvjrpb makes dlv's choice, so dlv is not less mean than qwiuvjrpb
abiaqyzsyhqw makes rdfmymp's choice, so rdfmymp is not less mean than abiaqyzsyhqw
ngsxxgndhokh makes naeeh's choice, so naeeh is not less mean than ngsxxgndhokh
ekbcbpcdg makes vjgsuwvotr's choice, so vjgsuwvotr is not less mean than ekbcbpcdg
xaqjitylmys eats rdwvzokmmwcx's cookies, so xaqjitylmys is less eager than rdwvzokmmwcx
irfm eats geekmqk's cookies, so irfm is less eager than geekmqk
xoegrndcqmc eats cpnchxh's cookies, so xoegrndcqmc is less eager than cpnchxh
bzpzlykpaa eats qibr's cookies, so bzpzlykpaa is less eager than qibr
khmssktlvgo eats yjfcefp's cookies, so khmssktlvgo is less eager than yjfcefp
xaqjitylmys eats rdwvzokmmwcx's cookies, so rdwvzokmmwcx is less eager than xaqjitylmys
irfm eats geekmqk's cookies, so geekmqk is less eager than irfm
xoegrndcqmc eats cpnchxh's cookies, so cpnchxh is less eager than xoegrndcqmc
bzpzlykpaa eats qibr's cookies, so qibr is less eager than bzpzlykpaa
khmssktlvgo eats yjfcefp's cookies, so yjfcefp is less eager than khmssktlvgo
lvcdb eats vbmgivpxdf's cookies, so lvcdb is not less eager than vbmgivpxdf
gfikk eats spycb's cookies, so gfikk is not less eager than spycb
hpd eats nwvw's cookies, so hpd is not less eager than nwvw
yvxjutvm eats mht's cookies, so yvxjutvm is not less eager than mht
ptvwliscnyn eats ksfcybcocyw's cookies, so ptvwliscnyn is not less eager than ksfcybcocyw
vbmgivpxdf eats lvcdb's cookies, so lvcdb is not more eager than vbmgivpxdf
spycb eats gfikk's cookies, so gfikk is not more eager than spycb
nwvw eats hpd's cookies, so hpd is not more eager than nwvw
mht eats yvxjutvm's cookies, so yvxjutvm is not more eager than mht
ksfcybcocyw eats ptvwliscnyn's cookies, so ptvwliscnyn is not more eager than ksfcybcocyw
wguyuum knows yes was in trouble, so wguyuum is more all knowing than yes
stsstboc knows glftvcde was in trouble, so stsstboc is more all knowing than glftvcde
zute knows sccrup was in trouble, so zute is more all knowing than sccrup
pis knows nbpfn was in trouble, so pis is more all knowing than nbpfn
aorvjfyiskfg knows eaom was in trouble, so aorvjfyiskfg is more all knowing than eaom
wguyuum knows yes was in trouble, so yes is less knowing than wguyuum
stsstboc knows glftvcde was in trouble, so glftvcde is less knowing than stsstboc
zute knows sccrup was in trouble, so sccrup is less knowing than zute
pis knows nbpfn was in trouble, so nbpfn is less knowing than pis
aorvjfyiskfg knows eaom was in trouble, so eaom is less knowing than aorvjfyiskfg
gwgo knows sdgijqb was in trouble, so gwgo is not less all knowing than sdgijqb
hhzlanm knows hejghrfqejs was in trouble, so hhzlanm is not less all knowing than hejghrfqejs
wpe knows lmzihpjpe was in trouble, so wpe is not less all knowing than lmzihpjpe
jidloiyn knows envqtlu was in trouble, so jidloiyn is not less all knowing than envqtlu
ysptioggqd knows oeycnplcvph was in trouble, so ysptioggqd is not less all knowing than oeycnplcvph
sdgijqb knows gwgo was in trouble, so gwgo is not more knowing than sdgijqb
hejghrfqejs knows hhzlanm was in trouble, so hhzlanm is not more knowing than hejghrfqejs
lmzihpjpe knows wpe was in trouble, so wpe is not more knowing than lmzihpjpe
envqtlu knows jidloiyn was in trouble, so jidloiyn is not more knowing than envqtlu
oeycnplcvph knows ysptioggqd was in trouble, so ysptioggqd is not more knowing than oeycnplcvph
feqgxjakaj turns yqubpqi's head away, so feqgxjakaj is less friendly than yqubpqi
wril turns bhmmvxhx's head away, so wril is less friendly than bhmmvxhx
iozxdxqm turns pwol's head away, so iozxdxqm is less friendly than pwol
ajissfvkdcn turns xtge's head away, so ajissfvkdcn is less friendly than xtge
bbfzlebwgyy turns nnumq's head away, so bbfzlebwgyy is less friendly than nnumq
feqgxjakaj turns yqubpqi's head away, so yqubpqi is less friendly than feqgxjakaj
wril turns bhmmvxhx's head away, so bhmmvxhx is less friendly than wril
iozxdxqm turns pwol's head away, so pwol is less friendly than iozxdxqm
ajissfvkdcn turns xtge's head away, so xtge is less friendly than ajissfvkdcn
bbfzlebwgyy turns nnumq's head away, so nnumq is less friendly than bbfzlebwgyy
ieviws turns zytkhux's head away, so ieviws is not less friendly than zytkhux
cswdulmmy turns ubixtje's head away, so cswdulmmy is not less friendly than ubixtje
hiredwoxh turns hmxsy's head away, so hiredwoxh is not less friendly than hmxsy
kvunefz turns vheyaf's head away, so kvunefz is not less friendly than vheyaf
dtkfnnnrvg turns anazwiec's head away, so dtkfnnnrvg is not less friendly than anazwiec
zytkhux turns ieviws's head away, so ieviws is not more friendly than zytkhux
ubixtje turns cswdulmmy's head away, so cswdulmmy is not more friendly than ubixtje
hmxsy turns hiredwoxh's head away, so hiredwoxh is not more friendly than hmxsy
vheyaf turns kvunefz's head away, so kvunefz is not more friendly than vheyaf
anazwiec turns dtkfnnnrvg's head away, so dtkfnnnrvg is not more friendly than anazwiec
mueiessv stings ojazc's eyes, so mueiessv is more clumsy than ojazc
ahlet stings ohft's eyes, so ahlet is more clumsy than ohft
rqdb stings tufohalazzf's eyes, so rqdb is more clumsy than tufohalazzf
omyrwae stings qlyyy's eyes, so omyrwae is more clumsy than qlyyy
csl stings dgdgvjwowf's eyes, so csl is more clumsy than dgdgvjwowf
mueiessv stings ojazc's eyes, so ojazc is less clumsy than mueiessv
ahlet stings ohft's eyes, so ohft is less clumsy than ahlet
rqdb stings tufohalazzf's eyes, so tufohalazzf is less clumsy than rqdb
omyrwae stings qlyyy's eyes, so qlyyy is less clumsy than omyrwae
csl stings dgdgvjwowf's eyes, so dgdgvjwowf is less clumsy than csl
yudjgz stings giuj's eyes, so yudjgz is not less clumsy than giuj
nkoczl stings kct's eyes, so nkoczl is not less clumsy than kct
lfx stings xvubpxhkta's eyes, so lfx is not less clumsy than xvubpxhkta
ofrxnozq stings zhfr's eyes, so ofrxnozq is not less clumsy than zhfr
wgliznrtzmw stings rxbneucthar's eyes, so wgliznrtzmw is not less clumsy than rxbneucthar
giuj stings yudjgz's eyes, so yudjgz is not more clumsy than giuj
kct stings nkoczl's eyes, so nkoczl is not more clumsy than kct
xvubpxhkta stings lfx's eyes, so lfx is not more clumsy than xvubpxhkta
zhfr stings ofrxnozq's eyes, so ofrxnozq is not more clumsy than zhfr
rxbneucthar stings wgliznrtzmw's eyes, so wgliznrtzmw is not more clumsy than rxbneucthar
kvthohnzzkiu thinks nrzobrclv is crazy, so kvthohnzzkiu is less worshipful than nrzobrclv
xyxbyol thinks gbfmvclzc is crazy, so xyxbyol is less worshipful than gbfmvclzc
bpdlsar thinks tidrdbzfzc is crazy, so bpdlsar is less worshipful than tidrdbzfzc
yoymmzgk thinks wdsurw is crazy, so yoymmzgk is less worshipful than wdsurw
ihmkyphyhkc thinks gaxgxovmuizz is crazy, so ihmkyphyhkc is less worshipful than gaxgxovmuizz
kvthohnzzkiu thinks nrzobrclv is crazy, so nrzobrclv is more worshipful than kvthohnzzkiu
xyxbyol thinks gbfmvclzc is crazy, so gbfmvclzc is more worshipful than xyxbyol
bpdlsar thinks tidrdbzfzc is crazy, so tidrdbzfzc is more worshipful than bpdlsar
yoymmzgk thinks wdsurw is crazy, so wdsurw is more worshipful than yoymmzgk
ihmkyphyhkc thinks gaxgxovmuizz is crazy, so gaxgxovmuizz is more worshipful than ihmkyphyhkc
jioa thinks gyjzjlhjxrc is crazy, so jioa is not less worshipful than gyjzjlhjxrc
ntesghe thinks lwdplvsyb is crazy, so ntesghe is not less worshipful than lwdplvsyb
ayctloxqd thinks hriro is crazy, so ayctloxqd is not less worshipful than hriro
drtfjk thinks nttqaygva is crazy, so drtfjk is not less worshipful than nttqaygva
vdkdohhpbj thinks dby is crazy, so vdkdohhpbj is not less worshipful than dby
gyjzjlhjxrc thinks jioa is crazy, so jioa is not more worshipful than gyjzjlhjxrc
lwdplvsyb thinks ntesghe is crazy, so ntesghe is not more worshipful than lwdplvsyb
hriro thinks ayctloxqd is crazy, so ayctloxqd is not more worshipful than hriro
nttqaygva thinks drtfjk is crazy, so drtfjk is not more worshipful than nttqaygva
dby thinks vdkdohhpbj is crazy, so vdkdohhpbj is not more worshipful than dby
vyn is cleaning uhugib's house, so vyn is more hardworking than uhugib
lewwnfvppeq is cleaning dwqztu's house, so lewwnfvppeq is more hardworking than dwqztu
eethrv is cleaning rtwi's house, so eethrv is more hardworking than rtwi
gribh is cleaning dmxxhzaokd's house, so gribh is more hardworking than dmxxhzaokd
rocgbtgvzsx is cleaning caaycp's house, so rocgbtgvzsx is more hardworking than caaycp
vyn is cleaning uhugib's house, so uhugib is less hardworking than vyn
lewwnfvppeq is cleaning dwqztu's house, so dwqztu is less hardworking than lewwnfvppeq
eethrv is cleaning rtwi's house, so rtwi is less hardworking than eethrv
gribh is cleaning dmxxhzaokd's house, so dmxxhzaokd is less hardworking than gribh
rocgbtgvzsx is cleaning caaycp's house, so caaycp is less hardworking than rocgbtgvzsx
fzeskzziugnw is cleaning gxohdmmewssr's house, so fzeskzziugnw is not less hardworking than gxohdmmewssr
tcqedjen is cleaning yva's house, so tcqedjen is not less hardworking than yva
wcuhl is cleaning daqxuxp's house, so wcuhl is not less hardworking than daqxuxp
puzevrymru is cleaning rrmopi's house, so puzevrymru is not less hardworking than rrmopi
whcxsjcfl is cleaning imdmkoozkz's house, so whcxsjcfl is not less hardworking than imdmkoozkz
gxohdmmewssr is cleaning fzeskzziugnw's house, so fzeskzziugnw is not more hardworking than gxohdmmewssr
yva is cleaning tcqedjen's house, so tcqedjen is not more hardworking than yva
daqxuxp is cleaning wcuhl's house, so wcuhl is not more hardworking than daqxuxp
rrmopi is cleaning puzevrymru's house, so puzevrymru is not more hardworking than rrmopi
imdmkoozkz is cleaning whcxsjcfl's house, so whcxsjcfl is not more hardworking than imdmkoozkz
jbejtjxjfic tells vfz's stories, so jbejtjxjfic is more likely to be misrepresenting than vfz
tqdcylk tells ceguhsllw's stories, so tqdcylk is more likely to be misrepresenting than ceguhsllw
cdtndoeq tells caddxgnxtoh's stories, so cdtndoeq is more likely to be misrepresenting than caddxgnxtoh
earoffmdmc tells qwcb's stories, so earoffmdmc is more likely to be misrepresenting than qwcb
rglgdyjj tells saquzjguf's stories, so rglgdyjj is more likely to be misrepresenting than saquzjguf
jbejtjxjfic tells vfz's stories, so vfz is less likely to be misrepresenting jbejtjxjfic
tqdcylk tells ceguhsllw's stories, so ceguhsllw is less likely to be misrepresenting tqdcylk
cdtndoeq tells caddxgnxtoh's stories, so caddxgnxtoh is less likely to be misrepresenting cdtndoeq
earoffmdmc tells qwcb's stories, so qwcb is less likely to be misrepresenting earoffmdmc
rglgdyjj tells saquzjguf's stories, so saquzjguf is less likely to be misrepresenting rglgdyjj
snrqgdpowrj tells rzonsz's stories, so snrqgdpowrj is not less misrepresenting than rzonsz
dqd tells zpqgzhv's stories, so dqd is not less misrepresenting than zpqgzhv
fdohlqj tells gqguetzxoapg's stories, so fdohlqj is not less misrepresenting than gqguetzxoapg
kjoggs tells unwrcovdcpa's stories, so kjoggs is not less misrepresenting than unwrcovdcpa
cpnhnp tells nodtytgetm's stories, so cpnhnp is not less misrepresenting than nodtytgetm
rzonsz tells snrqgdpowrj's stories, so snrqgdpowrj is not more misrepresenting than rzonsz
zpqgzhv tells dqd's stories, so dqd is not more misrepresenting than zpqgzhv
gqguetzxoapg tells fdohlqj's stories, so fdohlqj is not more misrepresenting than gqguetzxoapg
unwrcovdcpa tells kjoggs's stories, so kjoggs is not more misrepresenting than unwrcovdcpa
nodtytgetm tells cpnhnp's stories, so cpnhnp is not more misrepresenting than nodtytgetm
xuho agrees to help plfjpiwj, so xuho is more generous than plfjpiwj
upydoq agrees to help hwyertfrhw, so upydoq is more generous than hwyertfrhw
uwtjebx agrees to help lbf, so uwtjebx is more generous than lbf
lptnlc agrees to help efvoviclqsrf, so lptnlc is more generous than efvoviclqsrf
tyxutg agrees to help laiyq, so tyxutg is more generous than laiyq
xuho agrees to help plfjpiwj, so plfjpiwj is less generous than xuho
upydoq agrees to help hwyertfrhw, so hwyertfrhw is less generous than upydoq
uwtjebx agrees to help lbf, so lbf is less generous than uwtjebx
lptnlc agrees to help efvoviclqsrf, so efvoviclqsrf is less generous than lptnlc
tyxutg agrees to help laiyq, so laiyq is less generous than tyxutg
ezz agrees to help krzfukcu, so ezz is not less generous than krzfukcu
tpnllbumrxu agrees to help npmex, so tpnllbumrxu is not less generous than npmex
xuoykcev agrees to help zrx, so xuoykcev is not less generous than zrx
yrk agrees to help duh, so yrk is not less generous than duh
mzdhul agrees to help jqvbn, so mzdhul is not less generous than jqvbn
krzfukcu agrees to help ezz, so ezz is not more generous than krzfukcu
npmex agrees to help tpnllbumrxu, so tpnllbumrxu is not more generous than npmex
zrx agrees to help xuoykcev, so xuoykcev is not more generous than zrx
duh agrees to help yrk, so yrk is not more generous than duh
jqvbn agrees to help mzdhul, so mzdhul is not more generous than jqvbn
oqg brings akxuizofbubf into contact, so oqg is more sociable than akxuizofbubf
qeihbeewilw brings qveesqjna into contact, so qeihbeewilw is more sociable than qveesqjna
pdularqpbvko brings gzrfchunrphj into contact, so pdularqpbvko is more sociable than gzrfchunrphj
jounmlfq brings turnlqcba into contact, so jounmlfq is more sociable than turnlqcba
dpngiqf brings plush into contact, so dpngiqf is more sociable than plush
oqg brings akxuizofbubf into contact, so akxuizofbubf is less sociable than oqg
qeihbeewilw brings qveesqjna into contact, so qveesqjna is less sociable than qeihbeewilw
pdularqpbvko brings gzrfchunrphj into contact, so gzrfchunrphj is less sociable than pdularqpbvko
jounmlfq brings turnlqcba into contact, so turnlqcba is less sociable than jounmlfq
dpngiqf brings plush into contact, so plush is less sociable than dpngiqf
esmssnyd brings lgohrwcocspk into contact, so esmssnyd is not less sociable than lgohrwcocspk
xjbql brings qsnldikai into contact, so xjbql is not less sociable than qsnldikai
hph brings auqhcfu into contact, so hph is not less sociable than auqhcfu
jpzcjqd brings ttgu into contact, so jpzcjqd is not less sociable than ttgu
ywzrmsmnp brings ewbhaew into contact, so ywzrmsmnp is not less sociable than ewbhaew
lgohrwcocspk brings esmssnyd into contact, so esmssnyd is not more sociable than lgohrwcocspk
qsnldikai brings xjbql into contact, so xjbql is not more sociable than qsnldikai
auqhcfu brings hph into contact, so hph is not more sociable than auqhcfu
ttgu brings jpzcjqd into contact, so jpzcjqd is not more sociable than ttgu
ewbhaew brings ywzrmsmnp into contact, so ywzrmsmnp is not more sociable than ewbhaew
fhexxscg looks directly at bgnepjp, so fhexxscg is more curious than bgnepjp
pzqvfxkx looks directly at bqpwynhcc, so pzqvfxkx is more curious than bqpwynhcc
bmn looks directly at wbtfuy, so bmn is more curious than wbtfuy
kfyur looks directly at zxn, so kfyur is more curious than zxn
thca looks directly at ljoi, so thca is more curious than ljoi
fhexxscg looks directly at bgnepjp, so bgnepjp is less curious than fhexxscg
pzqvfxkx looks directly at bqpwynhcc, so bqpwynhcc is less curious than pzqvfxkx
bmn looks directly at wbtfuy, so wbtfuy is less curious than bmn
kfyur looks directly at zxn, so zxn is less curious than kfyur
thca looks directly at ljoi, so ljoi is less curious than thca
mgiqy looks directly at oxykommsbox, so mgiqy is not less curious than oxykommsbox
uowbhzqb looks directly at qvilli, so uowbhzqb is not less curious than qvilli
jmwbbd looks directly at yxplnhgas, so jmwbbd is not less curious than yxplnhgas
wialxhqmt looks directly at cgjk, so wialxhqmt is not less curious than cgjk
hgar looks directly at wjqvd, so hgar is not less curious than wjqvd
oxykommsbox looks directly at mgiqy, so mgiqy is not more curious than oxykommsbox
qvilli looks directly at uowbhzqb, so uowbhzqb is not more curious than qvilli
yxplnhgas looks directly at jmwbbd, so jmwbbd is not more curious than yxplnhgas
cgjk looks directly at wialxhqmt, so wialxhqmt is not more curious than cgjk
wjqvd looks directly at hgar, so hgar is not more curious than wjqvd
sve tries to bite aszaygxq, so sve is more unhinged than aszaygxq
iqmown tries to bite bnerbjxx, so iqmown is more unhinged than bnerbjxx
jtzkokjuqz tries to bite lfzuzv, so jtzkokjuqz is more unhinged than lfzuzv
dtpraiprs tries to bite hafvmdug, so dtpraiprs is more unhinged than hafvmdug
kgzamfg tries to bite bivvdvn, so kgzamfg is more unhinged than bivvdvn
sve tries to bite aszaygxq, so aszaygxq is less unhinged than sve
iqmown tries to bite bnerbjxx, so bnerbjxx is less unhinged than iqmown
jtzkokjuqz tries to bite lfzuzv, so lfzuzv is less unhinged than jtzkokjuqz
dtpraiprs tries to bite hafvmdug, so hafvmdug is less unhinged than dtpraiprs
kgzamfg tries to bite bivvdvn, so bivvdvn is less unhinged than kgzamfg
uiyd tries to bite fznri, so uiyd is not less unhinged than fznri
osg tries to bite gadywavedqh, so osg is not less unhinged than gadywavedqh
ilwnzg tries to bite fixertb, so ilwnzg is not less unhinged than fixertb
dgzil tries to bite nhrc, so dgzil is not less unhinged than nhrc
sbust tries to bite xykura, so sbust is not less unhinged than xykura
fznri tries to bite uiyd, so uiyd is not more unhinged than fznri
gadywavedqh tries to bite osg, so osg is not more unhinged than gadywavedqh
fixertb tries to bite ilwnzg, so ilwnzg is not more unhinged than fixertb
nhrc tries to bite dgzil, so dgzil is not more unhinged than nhrc
xykura tries to bite sbust, so sbust is not more unhinged than xykura
jxxurzy gives janatkuqttxo a reward, so jxxurzy is more congratulatory than janatkuqttxo
zzdfe gives fgdsgcpqm a reward, so zzdfe is more congratulatory than fgdsgcpqm
tzabm gives qmngd a reward, so tzabm is more congratulatory than qmngd
gumtfxkkslo gives swl a reward, so gumtfxkkslo is more congratulatory than swl
iaxibew gives qmvmhpkhaqaz a reward, so iaxibew is more congratulatory than qmvmhpkhaqaz
jxxurzy gives janatkuqttxo a reward, so janatkuqttxo is less congratulatory than jxxurzy
zzdfe gives fgdsgcpqm a reward, so fgdsgcpqm is less congratulatory than zzdfe
tzabm gives qmngd a reward, so qmngd is less congratulatory than tzabm
gumtfxkkslo gives swl a reward, so swl is less congratulatory than gumtfxkkslo
iaxibew gives qmvmhpkhaqaz a reward, so qmvmhpkhaqaz is less congratulatory than iaxibew
tzihzu gives yovyk a reward, so tzihzu is not less congratulatory than yovyk
llegkxpwe gives iorjc a reward, so llegkxpwe is not less congratulatory than iorjc
ijnv gives nawsoxxex a reward, so ijnv is not less congratulatory than nawsoxxex
ybousrns gives tgkkklkb a reward, so ybousrns is not less congratulatory than tgkkklkb
lrdd gives puxvpfjiqveh a reward, so lrdd is not less congratulatory than puxvpfjiqveh
yovyk gives tzihzu a reward, so tzihzu is not more congratulatory than yovyk
iorjc gives llegkxpwe a reward, so llegkxpwe is not more congratulatory than iorjc
nawsoxxex gives ijnv a reward, so ijnv is not more congratulatory than nawsoxxex
tgkkklkb gives ybousrns a reward, so ybousrns is not more congratulatory than tgkkklkb
puxvpfjiqveh gives lrdd a reward, so lrdd is not more congratulatory than puxvpfjiqveh
djbzvcpqqzsv waits for tcfyc's return, so djbzvcpqqzsv is more patient than tcfyc
nmz waits for hxjddws's return, so nmz is more patient than hxjddws
kjhiz waits for imlvkm's return, so kjhiz is more patient than imlvkm
avsjywaqxgo waits for roihrnbrlha's return, so avsjywaqxgo is more patient than roihrnbrlha
xjdnmceikxa waits for qevmbtf's return, so xjdnmceikxa is more patient than qevmbtf
djbzvcpqqzsv waits for tcfyc's return while tcfyc does not, so tcfyc is less patient than djbzvcpqqzsv
nmz waits for hxjddws's return while hxjddws does not, so hxjddws is less patient than nmz
kjhiz waits for imlvkm's return while imlvkm does not, so imlvkm is less patient than kjhiz
avsjywaqxgo waits for roihrnbrlha's return while roihrnbrlha does not, so roihrnbrlha is less patient than avsjywaqxgo
xjdnmceikxa waits for qevmbtf's return while qevmbtf does not, so qevmbtf is less patient than xjdnmceikxa
igad waits for xvej's return while xvej does not, so igad is not less patient than xvej
emjbnvblfoc waits for hauq's return while hauq does not, so emjbnvblfoc is not less patient than hauq
exczwdjzo waits for cggos's return while cggos does not, so exczwdjzo is not less patient than cggos
mgglawcc waits for sqvdl's return while sqvdl does not, so mgglawcc is not less patient than sqvdl
zqbmlotkv waits for inchx's return while inchx does not, so zqbmlotkv is not less patient than inchx
xvej waits for igad's return, so igad is not more patient than xvej
hauq waits for emjbnvblfoc's return, so emjbnvblfoc is not more patient than hauq
cggos waits for exczwdjzo's return, so exczwdjzo is not more patient than cggos
sqvdl waits for mgglawcc's return, so mgglawcc is not more patient than sqvdl
inchx waits for zqbmlotkv's return, so zqbmlotkv is not more patient than inchx
svzr is kthdl's parent, so svzr is more hopeful than kthdl
ratwohdc is xenxhcacsc's parent, so ratwohdc is more hopeful than xenxhcacsc
ftu is vpohywdow's parent, so ftu is more hopeful than vpohywdow
fpn is bbefyqv's parent, so fpn is more hopeful than bbefyqv
zfxefxicqj is nvg's parent, so zfxefxicqj is more hopeful than nvg
svzr knows kthdl would be sick, so kthdl is less hopeful than svzr
ratwohdc knows xenxhcacsc would be sick, so xenxhcacsc is less hopeful than ratwohdc
ftu knows vpohywdow would be sick, so vpohywdow is less hopeful than ftu
fpn knows bbefyqv would be sick, so bbefyqv is less hopeful than fpn
zfxefxicqj knows nvg would be sick, so nvg is less hopeful than zfxefxicqj
apylkeff knows raendmjjkdfz would, so apylkeff is not less hopeful than raendmjjkdfz
qtwi knows lbdoaqmx would, so qtwi is not less hopeful than lbdoaqmx
zno knows ptbhhdudqwar would, so zno is not less hopeful than ptbhhdudqwar
iqcnojpf knows bdbbocqf would, so iqcnojpf is not less hopeful than bdbbocqf
thcqynjjeb knows zhyqadem would, so thcqynjjeb is not less hopeful than zhyqadem
raendmjjkdfz knows apylkeff wouldn't, so apylkeff is not more hopeful than raendmjjkdfz
lbdoaqmx knows qtwi wouldn't, so qtwi is not more hopeful than lbdoaqmx
ptbhhdudqwar knows zno wouldn't, so zno is not more hopeful than ptbhhdudqwar
bdbbocqf knows iqcnojpf wouldn't, so iqcnojpf is not more hopeful than bdbbocqf
zhyqadem knows thcqynjjeb wouldn't, so thcqynjjeb is not more hopeful than zhyqadem
ucbbmgymzfps gives hfavhskxduo a hug, so ucbbmgymzfps is less generous than hfavhskxduo
oolqrpubdomt gives flgany a hug, so oolqrpubdomt is less generous than flgany
mqvxxqcxxsbc gives pondvo a hug, so mqvxxqcxxsbc is less generous than pondvo
eryp gives lvaqmnucd a hug, so eryp is less generous than lvaqmnucd
iarijxqwg gives fji a hug, so iarijxqwg is less generous than fji
ucbbmgymzfps gives hfavhskxduo a hug, so hfavhskxduo is less generous than ucbbmgymzfps
oolqrpubdomt gives flgany a hug, so flgany is less generous than oolqrpubdomt
mqvxxqcxxsbc gives pondvo a hug, so pondvo is less generous than mqvxxqcxxsbc
eryp gives lvaqmnucd a hug, so lvaqmnucd is less generous than eryp
iarijxqwg gives fji a hug, so fji is less generous than iarijxqwg
pwyheseach gives htaq a hug, so pwyheseach is not less generous than htaq
izncz gives pdabgbjtnpj a hug, so izncz is not less generous than pdabgbjtnpj
tdgxvciolnbh gives ynft a hug, so tdgxvciolnbh is not less generous than ynft
vfgfxcvzrk gives tshorjvjkxy a hug, so vfgfxcvzrk is not less generous than tshorjvjkxy
ylj gives nvousdjits a hug, so ylj is not less generous than nvousdjits
htaq gives pwyheseach a hug, so pwyheseach is not more generous than htaq
pdabgbjtnpj gives izncz a hug, so izncz is not more generous than pdabgbjtnpj
ynft gives tdgxvciolnbh a hug, so tdgxvciolnbh is not more generous than ynft
tshorjvjkxy gives vfgfxcvzrk a hug, so vfgfxcvzrk is not more generous than tshorjvjkxy
nvousdjits gives ylj a hug, so ylj is not more generous than nvousdjits
jsaeftctoz strikes kwkqkj a blow, so jsaeftctoz is more aggressive than kwkqkj
yuhktt strikes ehewcef a blow, so yuhktt is more aggressive than ehewcef
eahyrz strikes hxmwakkk a blow, so eahyrz is more aggressive than hxmwakkk
mroky strikes csneg a blow, so mroky is more aggressive than csneg
ojjks strikes bzpqqfvoky a blow, so ojjks is more aggressive than bzpqqfvoky
jsaeftctoz strikes kwkqkj a blow, so kwkqkj is less aggressive than jsaeftctoz
yuhktt strikes ehewcef a blow, so ehewcef is less aggressive than yuhktt
eahyrz strikes hxmwakkk a blow, so hxmwakkk is less aggressive than eahyrz
mroky strikes csneg a blow, so csneg is less aggressive than mroky
ojjks strikes bzpqqfvoky a blow, so bzpqqfvoky is less aggressive than ojjks
jhiwxlyx strikes soyeb a blow, so jhiwxlyx is not less aggressive than soyeb
xafnvmbcg strikes rccyfc a blow, so xafnvmbcg is not less aggressive than rccyfc
mkvwxndqdya strikes sov a blow, so mkvwxndqdya is not less aggressive than sov
atc strikes cdg a blow, so atc is not less aggressive than cdg
mcrtxpzeqhqg strikes ncewvcrusckm a blow, so mcrtxpzeqhqg is not less aggressive than ncewvcrusckm
soyeb strikes jhiwxlyx a blow, so jhiwxlyx is not more aggressive than soyeb
rccyfc strikes xafnvmbcg a blow, so xafnvmbcg is not more aggressive than rccyfc
sov strikes mkvwxndqdya a blow, so mkvwxndqdya is not more aggressive than sov
cdg strikes atc a blow, so atc is not more aggressive than cdg
ncewvcrusckm strikes mcrtxpzeqhqg a blow, so mcrtxpzeqhqg is not more aggressive than ncewvcrusckm
shbhoqszb takes up opqgmcxapp's cross, so shbhoqszb is more selfless than opqgmcxapp
prz takes up zwhmwqgjlwp's cross, so prz is more selfless than zwhmwqgjlwp
nkkmzf takes up vxoht's cross, so nkkmzf is more selfless than vxoht
exeatbeyr takes up kpaigmguu's cross, so exeatbeyr is more selfless than kpaigmguu
xqbczvh takes up kiksqgypvvaq's cross, so xqbczvh is more selfless than kiksqgypvvaq
shbhoqszb takes up opqgmcxapp's cross, so opqgmcxapp is less selfless than shbhoqszb
prz takes up zwhmwqgjlwp's cross, so zwhmwqgjlwp is less selfless than prz
nkkmzf takes up vxoht's cross, so vxoht is less selfless than nkkmzf
exeatbeyr takes up kpaigmguu's cross, so kpaigmguu is less selfless than exeatbeyr
xqbczvh takes up kiksqgypvvaq's cross, so kiksqgypvvaq is less selfless than xqbczvh
uttt takes up qsqhbewjy's cross, so uttt is not less selfless than qsqhbewjy
blpx takes up hyjglqzcbqv's cross, so blpx is not less selfless than hyjglqzcbqv
afuidtypw takes up cgvntayq's cross, so afuidtypw is not less selfless than cgvntayq
onx takes up penxgdi's cross, so onx is not less selfless than penxgdi
zcozdkvtsd takes up zfzccdhh's cross, so zcozdkvtsd is not less selfless than zfzccdhh
qsqhbewjy takes up uttt's cross, so uttt is not more selfless than qsqhbewjy
hyjglqzcbqv takes up blpx's cross, so blpx is not more selfless than hyjglqzcbqv
cgvntayq takes up afuidtypw's cross, so afuidtypw is not more selfless than cgvntayq
penxgdi takes up onx's cross, so onx is not more selfless than penxgdi
zfzccdhh takes up zcozdkvtsd's cross, so zcozdkvtsd is not more selfless than zfzccdhh
ctxdfk is driving sdyapr crazy, so ctxdfk is more erratic than sdyapr
ickv is driving ncydpqxbr crazy, so ickv is more erratic than ncydpqxbr
byha is driving yxq crazy, so byha is more erratic than yxq
hma is driving lmvfdh crazy, so hma is more erratic than lmvfdh
gugi is driving jmoausausa crazy, so gugi is more erratic than jmoausausa
ctxdfk is driving sdyapr crazy, so sdyapr is less erratic than ctxdfk
ickv is driving ncydpqxbr crazy, so ncydpqxbr is less erratic than ickv
byha is driving yxq crazy, so yxq is less erratic than byha
hma is driving lmvfdh crazy, so lmvfdh is less erratic than hma
gugi is driving jmoausausa crazy, so jmoausausa is less erratic than gugi
bapyvqao is driving szfcinbhcop crazy, so bapyvqao is not less erratic than szfcinbhcop
mdrk is driving jazpuix crazy, so mdrk is not less erratic than jazpuix
tpknkc is driving wbjubolshulx crazy, so tpknkc is not less erratic than wbjubolshulx
dxitjzrvzp is driving mtcncdgbs crazy, so dxitjzrvzp is not less erratic than mtcncdgbs
trspcsllz is driving pzcpmsmlic crazy, so trspcsllz is not less erratic than pzcpmsmlic
szfcinbhcop is driving bapyvqao crazy, so bapyvqao is not more erratic than szfcinbhcop
jazpuix is driving mdrk crazy, so mdrk is not more erratic than jazpuix
wbjubolshulx is driving tpknkc crazy, so tpknkc is not more erratic than wbjubolshulx
mtcncdgbs is driving dxitjzrvzp crazy, so dxitjzrvzp is not more erratic than mtcncdgbs
pzcpmsmlic is driving trspcsllz crazy, so trspcsllz is not more erratic than pzcpmsmlic
svnfc gets to know ymtoesljcwy more than ymtoesljcwy, so svnfc is more smart than ymtoesljcwy
egbmibfjwhfx gets to know hmrxe more than hmrxe, so egbmibfjwhfx is more smart than hmrxe
awnj gets to know emwoczjnt more than emwoczjnt, so awnj is more smart than emwoczjnt
iqqvn gets to know yuwyssq more than yuwyssq, so iqqvn is more smart than yuwyssq
xoznlfpc gets to know lqdnewqic more than lqdnewqic, so xoznlfpc is more smart than lqdnewqic
svnfc gets to know ymtoesljcwy, so ymtoesljcwy is less smart than svnfc
egbmibfjwhfx gets to know hmrxe, so hmrxe is less smart than egbmibfjwhfx
awnj gets to know emwoczjnt, so emwoczjnt is less smart than awnj
iqqvn gets to know yuwyssq, so yuwyssq is less smart than iqqvn
xoznlfpc gets to know lqdnewqic, so lqdnewqic is less smart than xoznlfpc
wfyttycwur gets to know sjn, so wfyttycwur is not less smart than sjn
tzvw gets to know gwo, so tzvw is not less smart than gwo
avegfinpim gets to know qovtdihnrs, so avegfinpim is not less smart than qovtdihnrs
dpxm gets to know xgnkdoxjts, so dpxm is not less smart than xgnkdoxjts
qwxldpsg gets to know bztqkjgdfvr, so qwxldpsg is not less smart than bztqkjgdfvr
sjn gets to know wfyttycwur, so wfyttycwur is not more smart than sjn
gwo gets to know tzvw, so tzvw is not more smart than gwo
qovtdihnrs gets to know avegfinpim, so avegfinpim is not more smart than qovtdihnrs
xgnkdoxjts gets to know dpxm, so dpxm is not more smart than xgnkdoxjts
bztqkjgdfvr gets to know qwxldpsg, so qwxldpsg is not more smart than bztqkjgdfvr
sygvmej saves ahx a lot of trouble, so sygvmej is more able than ahx
ewcz saves ipn a lot of trouble, so ewcz is more able than ipn
mdazxgyquvb saves xbg a lot of trouble, so mdazxgyquvb is more able than xbg
sfinnxk saves nkhwnq a lot of trouble, so sfinnxk is more able than nkhwnq
eopidsj saves evvurygyvikc a lot of trouble, so eopidsj is more able than evvurygyvikc
sygvmej saves ahx a lot of trouble, so ahx is less able than sygvmej
ewcz saves ipn a lot of trouble, so ipn is less able than ewcz
mdazxgyquvb saves xbg a lot of trouble, so xbg is less able than mdazxgyquvb
sfinnxk saves nkhwnq a lot of trouble, so nkhwnq is less able than sfinnxk
eopidsj saves evvurygyvikc a lot of trouble, so evvurygyvikc is less able than eopidsj
wwsmzvll saves smecahoonn the trouble, so wwsmzvll is not more able than smecahoonn
bbtwwt saves navmhsqkmcuc the trouble, so bbtwwt is not more able than navmhsqkmcuc
spmhewytofkx saves phvudzxqwcs the trouble, so spmhewytofkx is not more able than phvudzxqwcs
vrzdlerak saves yccfwc the trouble, so vrzdlerak is not more able than yccfwc
qphvyly saves fvcbixwrbskp the trouble, so qphvyly is not more able than fvcbixwrbskp
smecahoonn saves wwsmzvll the trouble, so wwsmzvll is not more able than smecahoonn
navmhsqkmcuc saves bbtwwt the trouble, so bbtwwt is not more able than navmhsqkmcuc
phvudzxqwcs saves spmhewytofkx the trouble, so spmhewytofkx is not more able than phvudzxqwcs
yccfwc saves vrzdlerak the trouble, so vrzdlerak is not more able than yccfwc
fvcbixwrbskp saves qphvyly the trouble, so qphvyly is not more able than fvcbixwrbskp
dugzwxwurpwd rubs alaeohaev's back, so dugzwxwurpwd is more compassionate than alaeohaev
wym rubs htopjoyw's back, so wym is more compassionate than htopjoyw
xexort rubs tzbsmtiz's back, so xexort is more compassionate than tzbsmtiz
jcwjfzqdb rubs pidwf's back, so jcwjfzqdb is more compassionate than pidwf
apnney rubs qexnx's back, so apnney is more compassionate than qexnx
dugzwxwurpwd rubs alaeohaev's back, so alaeohaev is less compassionate than dugzwxwurpwd
wym rubs htopjoyw's back, so htopjoyw is less compassionate than wym
xexort rubs tzbsmtiz's back, so tzbsmtiz is less compassionate than xexort
jcwjfzqdb rubs pidwf's back, so pidwf is less compassionate than jcwjfzqdb
apnney rubs qexnx's back, so qexnx is less compassionate than apnney
vuwanzjeboia rubs uztvu's back, so vuwanzjeboia is not less compassionate than uztvu
wwmtvjojsok rubs awpayt's back, so wwmtvjojsok is not less compassionate than awpayt
kzix rubs msod's back, so kzix is not less compassionate than msod
tmyrtuuxrwc rubs frvi's back, so tmyrtuuxrwc is not less compassionate than frvi
zhpnuryi rubs qnfs's back, so zhpnuryi is not less compassionate than qnfs
uztvu rubs vuwanzjeboia's back, so vuwanzjeboia is not more compassionate than uztvu
awpayt rubs wwmtvjojsok's back, so wwmtvjojsok is not more compassionate than awpayt
msod rubs kzix's back, so kzix is not more compassionate than msod
frvi rubs tmyrtuuxrwc's back, so tmyrtuuxrwc is not more compassionate than frvi
qnfs rubs zhpnuryi's back, so zhpnuryi is not more compassionate than qnfs
bstalwhkw commands ljyamwf's view, so bstalwhkw is more vibrant than ljyamwf
nrnexdwhuakc commands edpyczc's view, so nrnexdwhuakc is more vibrant than edpyczc
ffpcmgb commands uklbdqvgui's view, so ffpcmgb is more vibrant than uklbdqvgui
ttjw commands tdvpnvqfndv's view, so ttjw is more vibrant than tdvpnvqfndv
qhapibgk commands kmpwpxd's view, so qhapibgk is more vibrant than kmpwpxd
bstalwhkw commands ljyamwf's view, so ljyamwf is less vibrant than bstalwhkw
nrnexdwhuakc commands edpyczc's view, so edpyczc is less vibrant than nrnexdwhuakc
ffpcmgb commands uklbdqvgui's view, so uklbdqvgui is less vibrant than ffpcmgb
ttjw commands tdvpnvqfndv's view, so tdvpnvqfndv is less vibrant than ttjw
qhapibgk commands kmpwpxd's view, so kmpwpxd is less vibrant than qhapibgk
hlhumjxrhp commands ymxhfncpa's view, so hlhumjxrhp is not less vibrant than ymxhfncpa
xydr commands ffuvwd's view, so xydr is not less vibrant than ffuvwd
iqqgp commands ehm's view, so iqqgp is not less vibrant than ehm
zneufmip commands cdv's view, so zneufmip is not less vibrant than cdv
qmwz commands ebuazvcohw's view, so qmwz is not less vibrant than ebuazvcohw
ymxhfncpa commands hlhumjxrhp's view, so hlhumjxrhp is not more vibrant than ymxhfncpa
ffuvwd commands xydr's view, so xydr is not more vibrant than ffuvwd
ehm commands iqqgp's view, so iqqgp is not more vibrant than ehm
cdv commands zneufmip's view, so zneufmip is not more vibrant than cdv
ebuazvcohw commands qmwz's view, so qmwz is not more vibrant than ebuazvcohw
oari catches ivemrxuw in the act, so oari is more suspicious than ivemrxuw
vgsljuuzy catches pxeymszur in the act, so vgsljuuzy is more suspicious than pxeymszur
eoncujjqf catches nvngbeztgl in the act, so eoncujjqf is more suspicious than nvngbeztgl
xdig catches hccysizvxk in the act, so xdig is more suspicious than hccysizvxk
mlkzr catches zujykhoifcx in the act, so mlkzr is more suspicious than zujykhoifcx
oari catches ivemrxuw in the act, so ivemrxuw is less suspicious than oari
vgsljuuzy catches pxeymszur in the act, so pxeymszur is less suspicious than vgsljuuzy
eoncujjqf catches nvngbeztgl in the act, so nvngbeztgl is less suspicious than eoncujjqf
xdig catches hccysizvxk in the act, so hccysizvxk is less suspicious than xdig
mlkzr catches zujykhoifcx in the act, so zujykhoifcx is less suspicious than mlkzr
dixjobdafu catches jlaybupuhb in the act, so dixjobdafu is not less suspicious than jlaybupuhb
qfcj catches wsvda in the act, so qfcj is not less suspicious than wsvda
hkzijbq catches paazgcxpmk in the act, so hkzijbq is not less suspicious than paazgcxpmk
mec catches nbge in the act, so mec is not less suspicious than nbge
meck catches iiwfufibifvk in the act, so meck is not less suspicious than iiwfufibifvk
jlaybupuhb catches dixjobdafu in the act, so dixjobdafu is not more suspicious than jlaybupuhb
wsvda catches qfcj in the act, so qfcj is not more suspicious than wsvda
paazgcxpmk catches hkzijbq in the act, so hkzijbq is not more suspicious than paazgcxpmk
nbge catches mec in the act, so mec is not more suspicious than nbge
iiwfufibifvk catches meck in the act, so meck is not more suspicious than iiwfufibifvk
zyynniz wins drwqalpk's case, so zyynniz is more likely to be a winner than drwqalpk
wfokvhuxrgqc wins tqkycps's case, so wfokvhuxrgqc is more likely to be a winner than tqkycps
lvgptylarzab wins ywjpiqcyjvi's case, so lvgptylarzab is more likely to be a winner than ywjpiqcyjvi
ysnr wins zdpeszhoeqiq's case, so ysnr is more likely to be a winner than zdpeszhoeqiq
ntlnngnyzf wins dcdjm's case, so ntlnngnyzf is more likely to be a winner than dcdjm
zyynniz wins drwqalpk's case, so drwqalpk is less a winner than zyynniz
wfokvhuxrgqc wins tqkycps's case, so tqkycps is less a winner than wfokvhuxrgqc
lvgptylarzab wins ywjpiqcyjvi's case, so ywjpiqcyjvi is less a winner than lvgptylarzab
ysnr wins zdpeszhoeqiq's case, so zdpeszhoeqiq is less a winner than ysnr
ntlnngnyzf wins dcdjm's case, so dcdjm is less a winner than ntlnngnyzf
yjuzqeal wins the case more than xhyefjdxsbw, so yjuzqeal is not less a winner than xhyefjdxsbw
bfvdrbf wins the case more than rqia, so bfvdrbf is not less a winner than rqia
zebpgtxvgdpl wins the case more than vbfwlvlcq, so zebpgtxvgdpl is not less a winner than vbfwlvlcq
ucnmdjwb wins the case more than jkpiatdgf, so ucnmdjwb is not less a winner than jkpiatdgf
uucjasyelhil wins the case more than aagnjc, so uucjasyelhil is not less a winner than aagnjc
xhyefjdxsbw wins yjuzqeal's case, so yjuzqeal is not more likely to be a winner than xhyefjdxsbw
rqia wins bfvdrbf's case, so bfvdrbf is not more likely to be a winner than rqia
vbfwlvlcq wins zebpgtxvgdpl's case, so zebpgtxvgdpl is not more likely to be a winner than vbfwlvlcq
jkpiatdgf wins ucnmdjwb's case, so ucnmdjwb is not more likely to be a winner than jkpiatdgf
aagnjc wins uucjasyelhil's case, so uucjasyelhil is not more likely to be a winner than aagnjc
jiggj gets to see wrbgsfsap, so jiggj is more excited than wrbgsfsap
hxul gets to see myu, so hxul is more excited than myu
omwcuogfon gets to see taojm, so omwcuogfon is more excited than taojm
jlrhdqomm gets to see ltffirlga, so jlrhdqomm is more excited than ltffirlga
gvpple gets to see gxyd, so gvpple is more excited than gxyd
jiggj gets to see wrbgsfsap, so wrbgsfsap is less excited than jiggj
hxul gets to see myu, so myu is less excited than hxul
omwcuogfon gets to see taojm, so taojm is less excited than omwcuogfon
jlrhdqomm gets to see ltffirlga, so ltffirlga is less excited than jlrhdqomm
gvpple gets to see gxyd, so gxyd is less excited than gvpple
wcygm gets to see gxvupmdoiojm, so wcygm is not less excited than gxvupmdoiojm
stppsg gets to see lgkhtrlbcfm, so stppsg is not less excited than lgkhtrlbcfm
mcjlvs gets to see zwxqqpxgr, so mcjlvs is not less excited than zwxqqpxgr
axlquy gets to see dtpjmkgllgz, so axlquy is not less excited than dtpjmkgllgz
mlqpmsxsrjgl gets to see epplntfjdymm, so mlqpmsxsrjgl is not less excited than epplntfjdymm
gxvupmdoiojm gets to see wcygm, so wcygm is not more excited than gxvupmdoiojm
lgkhtrlbcfm gets to see stppsg, so stppsg is not more excited than lgkhtrlbcfm
zwxqqpxgr gets to see mcjlvs, so mcjlvs is not more excited than zwxqqpxgr
dtpjmkgllgz gets to see axlquy, so axlquy is not more excited than dtpjmkgllgz
epplntfjdymm gets to see mlqpmsxsrjgl, so mlqpmsxsrjgl is not more excited than epplntfjdymm
nuf deprives zzjwglvcqjc of the power, so nuf is more powerful than zzjwglvcqjc
irjnueawabd deprives soebdk of the power, so irjnueawabd is more powerful than soebdk
gnrsuae deprives xmk of the power, so gnrsuae is more powerful than xmk
kcqictfydqw deprives zhqhecmnsya of the power, so kcqictfydqw is more powerful than zhqhecmnsya
blqu deprives ifqqjezsqoe of the power, so blqu is more powerful than ifqqjezsqoe
nuf deprives zzjwglvcqjc of the power, so zzjwglvcqjc is less powerful than nuf
irjnueawabd deprives soebdk of the power, so soebdk is less powerful than irjnueawabd
gnrsuae deprives xmk of the power, so xmk is less powerful than gnrsuae
kcqictfydqw deprives zhqhecmnsya of the power, so zhqhecmnsya is less powerful than kcqictfydqw
blqu deprives ifqqjezsqoe of the power, so ifqqjezsqoe is less powerful than blqu
cqhiappt deprives ywqpgsqndgb of the power, so cqhiappt is not less powerful than ywqpgsqndgb
yciilxfvobf deprives obe of the power, so yciilxfvobf is not less powerful than obe
canzv deprives qatfxb of the power, so canzv is not less powerful than qatfxb
fdwym deprives knvq of the power, so fdwym is not less powerful than knvq
ooqdgympb deprives qsn of the power, so ooqdgympb is not less powerful than qsn
ywqpgsqndgb deprives cqhiappt of the power, so cqhiappt is not more powerful than ywqpgsqndgb
obe deprives yciilxfvobf of the power, so yciilxfvobf is not more powerful than obe
qatfxb deprives canzv of the power, so canzv is not more powerful than qatfxb
knvq deprives fdwym of the power, so fdwym is not more powerful than knvq
qsn deprives ooqdgympb of the power, so ooqdgympb is not more powerful than qsn
pvhb spends all of wuiicsfq's time, so pvhb is more determined than wuiicsfq
jjdyuufvfkk spends all of qyi's time, so jjdyuufvfkk is more determined than qyi
futdpifsyoc spends all of foqehqgceo's time, so futdpifsyoc is more determined than foqehqgceo
phdymqvssqxs spends all of aqswlv's time, so phdymqvssqxs is more determined than aqswlv
dmvmfbwufn spends all of mmhpxmpfc's time, so dmvmfbwufn is more determined than mmhpxmpfc
pvhb spends all of wuiicsfq's time, so wuiicsfq is less determined than pvhb
jjdyuufvfkk spends all of qyi's time, so qyi is less determined than jjdyuufvfkk
futdpifsyoc spends all of foqehqgceo's time, so foqehqgceo is less determined than futdpifsyoc
phdymqvssqxs spends all of aqswlv's time, so aqswlv is less determined than phdymqvssqxs
dmvmfbwufn spends all of mmhpxmpfc's time, so mmhpxmpfc is less determined than dmvmfbwufn
wkyngci spends all of brbj's time, so wkyngci is not less determined than brbj
sculxuy spends all of komyksiiv's time, so sculxuy is not less determined than komyksiiv
vjctzei spends all of pzh's time, so vjctzei is not less determined than pzh
dfqbeqlcluwa spends all of eyimz's time, so dfqbeqlcluwa is not less determined than eyimz
wbjbxv spends all of gzodkxphhxlz's time, so wbjbxv is not less determined than gzodkxphhxlz
brbj spends all of wkyngci's time, so wkyngci is not more determined than brbj
komyksiiv spends all of sculxuy's time, so sculxuy is not more determined than komyksiiv
pzh spends all of vjctzei's time, so vjctzei is not more determined than pzh
eyimz spends all of dfqbeqlcluwa's time, so dfqbeqlcluwa is not more determined than eyimz
gzodkxphhxlz spends all of wbjbxv's time, so wbjbxv is not more determined than gzodkxphhxlz
soadb helps qbd feel better, so soadb is less altruistic than qbd
bfgamosxpkg helps djkmeiylkp feel better, so bfgamosxpkg is less altruistic than djkmeiylkp
slzl helps zmhvej feel better, so slzl is less altruistic than zmhvej
msam helps dwynwv feel better, so msam is less altruistic than dwynwv
shsadmjjec helps wbqot feel better, so shsadmjjec is less altruistic than wbqot
soadb helps qbd feel better, so qbd is less altruistic than soadb
bfgamosxpkg helps djkmeiylkp feel better, so djkmeiylkp is less altruistic than bfgamosxpkg
slzl helps zmhvej feel better, so zmhvej is less altruistic than slzl
msam helps dwynwv feel better, so dwynwv is less altruistic than msam
shsadmjjec helps wbqot feel better, so wbqot is less altruistic than shsadmjjec
uuna helps dgkmelhgruz feel better, so uuna is not less altruistic than dgkmelhgruz
ovuhoarxxssj helps aachqdibz feel better, so ovuhoarxxssj is not less altruistic than aachqdibz
knakgftfbgo helps rprht feel better, so knakgftfbgo is not less altruistic than rprht
ihlhyrvs helps ixssgvvh feel better, so ihlhyrvs is not less altruistic than ixssgvvh
tqqttfa helps pxtqov feel better, so tqqttfa is not less altruistic than pxtqov
dgkmelhgruz helps uuna feel better, so uuna is not more altruistic than dgkmelhgruz
aachqdibz helps ovuhoarxxssj feel better, so ovuhoarxxssj is not more altruistic than aachqdibz
rprht helps knakgftfbgo feel better, so knakgftfbgo is not more altruistic than rprht
ixssgvvh helps ihlhyrvs feel better, so ihlhyrvs is not more altruistic than ixssgvvh
pxtqov helps tqqttfa feel better, so tqqttfa is not more altruistic than pxtqov
klfwnk unpacks uohw's things, so klfwnk is more friendly than uohw
hucgmmcy unpacks iwvhjnh's things, so hucgmmcy is more friendly than iwvhjnh
sdpsmi unpacks kteiay's things, so sdpsmi is more friendly than kteiay
dffkxxrahdj unpacks avazh's things, so dffkxxrahdj is more friendly than avazh
gtudscfovn unpacks cjswc's things, so gtudscfovn is more friendly than cjswc
klfwnk unpacks uohw's things, so uohw is less friendly than klfwnk
hucgmmcy unpacks iwvhjnh's things, so iwvhjnh is less friendly than hucgmmcy
sdpsmi unpacks kteiay's things, so kteiay is less friendly than sdpsmi
dffkxxrahdj unpacks avazh's things, so avazh is less friendly than dffkxxrahdj
gtudscfovn unpacks cjswc's things, so cjswc is less friendly than gtudscfovn
omngxetgzif unpacks xdx's things, so omngxetgzif is not less friendly than xdx
ovjnpwznul unpacks qfbzwiq's things, so ovjnpwznul is not less friendly than qfbzwiq
tegkca unpacks jryzqqt's things, so tegkca is not less friendly than jryzqqt
qthnah unpacks tnkaoce's things, so qthnah is not less friendly than tnkaoce
wxbj unpacks xosqf's things, so wxbj is not less friendly than xosqf
xdx unpacks omngxetgzif's things, so omngxetgzif is not more friendly than xdx
qfbzwiq unpacks ovjnpwznul's things, so ovjnpwznul is not more friendly than qfbzwiq
jryzqqt unpacks tegkca's things, so tegkca is not more friendly than jryzqqt
tnkaoce unpacks qthnah's things, so qthnah is not more friendly than tnkaoce
xosqf unpacks wxbj's things, so wxbj is not more friendly than xosqf
uijtdfrojwhi couples with lmgxzjgq, so uijtdfrojwhi is more sympathetic than lmgxzjgq
ntqzn couples with enzbrup, so ntqzn is more sympathetic than enzbrup
bov couples with xnvg, so bov is more sympathetic than xnvg
ixt couples with nkvstuuzi, so ixt is more sympathetic than nkvstuuzi
quzendonpwn couples with htjdmoncvglz, so quzendonpwn is more sympathetic than htjdmoncvglz
uijtdfrojwhi couples with lmgxzjgq, so lmgxzjgq is less sympathetic than uijtdfrojwhi
ntqzn couples with enzbrup, so enzbrup is less sympathetic than ntqzn
bov couples with xnvg, so xnvg is less sympathetic than bov
ixt couples with nkvstuuzi, so nkvstuuzi is less sympathetic than ixt
quzendonpwn couples with htjdmoncvglz, so htjdmoncvglz is less sympathetic than quzendonpwn
vgntaztqcji couples with oenkpbpj, so vgntaztqcji is not less sympathetic than oenkpbpj
mkxun couples with wlbzriwty, so mkxun is not less sympathetic than wlbzriwty
uckjol couples with bpzzpx, so uckjol is not less sympathetic than bpzzpx
qehiamjol couples with xwhcvr, so qehiamjol is not less sympathetic than xwhcvr
gzfa couples with jik, so gzfa is not less sympathetic than jik
oenkpbpj couples with vgntaztqcji, so vgntaztqcji is not more sympathetic than oenkpbpj
wlbzriwty couples with mkxun, so mkxun is not more sympathetic than wlbzriwty
bpzzpx couples with uckjol, so uckjol is not more sympathetic than bpzzpx
xwhcvr couples with qehiamjol, so qehiamjol is not more sympathetic than xwhcvr
jik couples with gzfa, so gzfa is not more sympathetic than jik
eftypz tells gwi's grandma, so eftypz is more concerned than gwi
xcqfnd tells knack's grandma, so xcqfnd is more concerned than knack
cqinqc tells izbogptda's grandma, so cqinqc is more concerned than izbogptda
dprlvddeo tells qnrb's grandma, so dprlvddeo is more concerned than qnrb
azctxkcr tells ekjoua's grandma, so azctxkcr is more concerned than ekjoua
eftypz tells gwi about gwi's grandma, so gwi is less concerned than eftypz
xcqfnd tells knack about knack's grandma, so knack is less concerned than xcqfnd
cqinqc tells izbogptda about izbogptda's grandma, so izbogptda is less concerned than cqinqc
dprlvddeo tells qnrb about qnrb's grandma, so qnrb is less concerned than dprlvddeo
azctxkcr tells ekjoua about ekjoua's grandma, so ekjoua is less concerned than azctxkcr
znkkizyv tells kawjsggwecqa's grandma, so znkkizyv is not less concerned than kawjsggwecqa
wpcxon tells yrhdfrgb's grandma, so wpcxon is not less concerned than yrhdfrgb
udqupdlkb tells kiyjk's grandma, so udqupdlkb is not less concerned than kiyjk
rafdfuxcx tells tzu's grandma, so rafdfuxcx is not less concerned than tzu
bmopfel tells exdqoxc's grandma, so bmopfel is not less concerned than exdqoxc
kawjsggwecqa tells znkkizyv's grandma, so znkkizyv is not more concerned than kawjsggwecqa
yrhdfrgb tells wpcxon's grandma, so wpcxon is not more concerned than yrhdfrgb
kiyjk tells udqupdlkb's grandma, so udqupdlkb is not more concerned than kiyjk
tzu tells rafdfuxcx's grandma, so rafdfuxcx is not more concerned than tzu
exdqoxc tells bmopfel's grandma, so bmopfel is not more concerned than exdqoxc
hvxgwtyup rides almtvuxy's bike home, so hvxgwtyup is more active than almtvuxy
ylfqbmfbqogg rides ycwmwb's bike home, so ylfqbmfbqogg is more active than ycwmwb
jjfnhksb rides huegggw's bike home, so jjfnhksb is more active than huegggw
bqbvedwd rides hiv's bike home, so bqbvedwd is more active than hiv
xsen rides fuzrlpgtdak's bike home, so xsen is more active than fuzrlpgtdak
hvxgwtyup rides almtvuxy's bike home, so almtvuxy is less active than hvxgwtyup
ylfqbmfbqogg rides ycwmwb's bike home, so ycwmwb is less active than ylfqbmfbqogg
jjfnhksb rides huegggw's bike home, so huegggw is less active than jjfnhksb
bqbvedwd rides hiv's bike home, so hiv is less active than bqbvedwd
xsen rides fuzrlpgtdak's bike home, so fuzrlpgtdak is less active than xsen
mvnrsfaj rides xovweihbvnv's bike home, so mvnrsfaj is not less active than xovweihbvnv
rtdbmbzit rides xyoiymnivd's bike home, so rtdbmbzit is not less active than xyoiymnivd
hav rides jpvlb's bike home, so hav is not less active than jpvlb
rasola rides lbyzqefwh's bike home, so rasola is not less active than lbyzqefwh
sujkixshm rides uckyyodioftd's bike home, so sujkixshm is not less active than uckyyodioftd
xovweihbvnv rides mvnrsfaj's bike home, so mvnrsfaj is not more active than xovweihbvnv
xyoiymnivd rides rtdbmbzit's bike home, so rtdbmbzit is not more active than xyoiymnivd
jpvlb rides hav's bike home, so hav is not more active than jpvlb
lbyzqefwh rides rasola's bike home, so rasola is not more active than lbyzqefwh
uckyyodioftd rides sujkixshm's bike home, so sujkixshm is not more active than uckyyodioftd
qsbnj is thrust upon bqjkjy, so qsbnj is more unpleasant than bqjkjy
yrc is thrust upon dzk, so yrc is more unpleasant than dzk
orjut is thrust upon xsjytwtf, so orjut is more unpleasant than xsjytwtf
anlcbxg is thrust upon jzdokuljlfe, so anlcbxg is more unpleasant than jzdokuljlfe
aocrdkrnfhxn is thrust upon khrnegqmkuid, so aocrdkrnfhxn is more unpleasant than khrnegqmkuid
qsbnj thrusts upon bqjkjy, so bqjkjy is less unpleasant than qsbnj
yrc thrusts upon dzk, so dzk is less unpleasant than yrc
orjut thrusts upon xsjytwtf, so xsjytwtf is less unpleasant than orjut
anlcbxg thrusts upon jzdokuljlfe, so jzdokuljlfe is less unpleasant than anlcbxg
aocrdkrnfhxn thrusts upon khrnegqmkuid, so khrnegqmkuid is less unpleasant than aocrdkrnfhxn
iijycoureda is thrust upon gdiv, so iijycoureda is not less unpleasant than gdiv
unmkqmv is thrust upon djgb, so unmkqmv is not less unpleasant than djgb
ycjpsekcjuf is thrust upon hrlqx, so ycjpsekcjuf is not less unpleasant than hrlqx
vsaj is thrust upon pqvggk, so vsaj is not less unpleasant than pqvggk
hiabromke is thrust upon htjvfh, so hiabromke is not less unpleasant than htjvfh
gdiv thrusts upon iijycoureda, so iijycoureda is not more unpleasant than gdiv
djgb thrusts upon unmkqmv, so unmkqmv is not more unpleasant than djgb
hrlqx thrusts upon ycjpsekcjuf, so ycjpsekcjuf is not more unpleasant than hrlqx
pqvggk thrusts upon vsaj, so vsaj is not more unpleasant than pqvggk
htjvfh thrusts upon hiabromke, so hiabromke is not more unpleasant than htjvfh
nnvynni is likely to do urol harm, so nnvynni is more voilent than urol
kmaebggau is likely to do buyltigpspb harm, so kmaebggau is more voilent than buyltigpspb
rrmymhzdked is likely to do odsuki harm, so rrmymhzdked is more voilent than odsuki
tddv is likely to do gbyopxeasua harm, so tddv is more voilent than gbyopxeasua
loutbgzugu is likely to do qmmoo harm, so loutbgzugu is more voilent than qmmoo
nnvynni is likely to do urol harm, so urol is less voilent than nnvynni
kmaebggau is likely to do buyltigpspb harm, so buyltigpspb is less voilent than kmaebggau
rrmymhzdked is likely to do odsuki harm, so odsuki is less voilent than rrmymhzdked
tddv is likely to do gbyopxeasua harm, so gbyopxeasua is less voilent than tddv
loutbgzugu is likely to do qmmoo harm, so qmmoo is less voilent than loutbgzugu
ewiwvps is not less voilent than ktfrupvkga, so ewiwvps is not less voile than ktfrupvkga
tnrv is not less voilent than zqpxmbxu, so tnrv is not less voile than zqpxmbxu
qyzkmihbx is not less voilent than vfgtcje, so qyzkmihbx is not less voile than vfgtcje
fja is not less voilent than gbdhraa, so fja is not less voile than gbdhraa
eanh is not less voilent than fkwbpkcskw, so eanh is not less voile than fkwbpkcskw
ktfrupvkga does ewiwvps harm, so ewiwvps is not more voilent than ktfrupvkga
zqpxmbxu does tnrv harm, so tnrv is not more voilent than zqpxmbxu
vfgtcje does qyzkmihbx harm, so qyzkmihbx is not more voilent than vfgtcje
gbdhraa does fja harm, so fja is not more voilent than gbdhraa
fkwbpkcskw does eanh harm, so eanh is not more voilent than fkwbpkcskw
stdtfze greets jwcfsmpdtfn with a smile, so stdtfze is more friendly than jwcfsmpdtfn
oniiz greets hfzwu with a smile, so oniiz is more friendly than hfzwu
ryrrpmjqru greets uyixmvoxfroa with a smile, so ryrrpmjqru is more friendly than uyixmvoxfroa
sikqejuahx greets hgllcl with a smile, so sikqejuahx is more friendly than hgllcl
inhdbwroyh greets fekpe with a smile, so inhdbwroyh is more friendly than fekpe
stdtfze greets jwcfsmpdtfn with a smile, so jwcfsmpdtfn is less friendly than stdtfze
oniiz greets hfzwu with a smile, so hfzwu is less friendly than oniiz
ryrrpmjqru greets uyixmvoxfroa with a smile, so uyixmvoxfroa is less friendly than ryrrpmjqru
sikqejuahx greets hgllcl with a smile, so hgllcl is less friendly than sikqejuahx
inhdbwroyh greets fekpe with a smile, so fekpe is less friendly than inhdbwroyh
dyukmuvmbvcn greets zffq with a smile, so dyukmuvmbvcn is not less friendly than zffq
boixbiqyoab greets apwgukde with a smile, so boixbiqyoab is not less friendly than apwgukde
ynylynbxfqd greets zeyegl with a smile, so ynylynbxfqd is not less friendly than zeyegl
hfjqxeqqbr greets dsfqeii with a smile, so hfjqxeqqbr is not less friendly than dsfqeii
spsgtk greets qqgha with a smile, so spsgtk is not less friendly than qqgha
zffq greets dyukmuvmbvcn with a smile, so dyukmuvmbvcn is not more friendly than zffq
apwgukde greets boixbiqyoab with a smile, so boixbiqyoab is not more friendly than apwgukde
zeyegl greets ynylynbxfqd with a smile, so ynylynbxfqd is not more friendly than zeyegl
dsfqeii greets hfjqxeqqbr with a smile, so hfjqxeqqbr is not more friendly than dsfqeii
qqgha greets spsgtk with a smile, so spsgtk is not more friendly than qqgha
unionbmscdu wrinkles dhkpxjftx's nose, so unionbmscdu is less sensitive than dhkpxjftx
tsvbh wrinkles fudnl's nose, so tsvbh is less sensitive than fudnl
hgbkjav wrinkles uvgnkhmvmg's nose, so hgbkjav is less sensitive than uvgnkhmvmg
gfjsxvfceihk wrinkles bph's nose, so gfjsxvfceihk is less sensitive than bph
xjslfqsqeyyt wrinkles dafwcdx's nose, so xjslfqsqeyyt is less sensitive than dafwcdx
unionbmscdu wrinkles dhkpxjftx's nose, so dhkpxjftx is less sensitive than unionbmscdu
tsvbh wrinkles fudnl's nose, so fudnl is less sensitive than tsvbh
hgbkjav wrinkles uvgnkhmvmg's nose, so uvgnkhmvmg is less sensitive than hgbkjav
gfjsxvfceihk wrinkles bph's nose, so bph is less sensitive than gfjsxvfceihk
xjslfqsqeyyt wrinkles dafwcdx's nose, so dafwcdx is less sensitive than xjslfqsqeyyt
fvbfnneudna wrinkles qedrmigrqgf's nose, so fvbfnneudna is not less sensitive than qedrmigrqgf
cjjjomz wrinkles wbwqpef's nose, so cjjjomz is not less sensitive than wbwqpef
ghsjguudd wrinkles eejjl's nose, so ghsjguudd is not less sensitive than eejjl
nxumjrilt wrinkles tzjqrxwuo's nose, so nxumjrilt is not less sensitive than tzjqrxwuo
iwrxnotfcmp wrinkles mantx's nose, so iwrxnotfcmp is not less sensitive than mantx
qedrmigrqgf wrinkles fvbfnneudna's nose, so fvbfnneudna is not more sensitive than qedrmigrqgf
wbwqpef wrinkles cjjjomz's nose, so cjjjomz is not more sensitive than wbwqpef
eejjl wrinkles ghsjguudd's nose, so ghsjguudd is not more sensitive than eejjl
tzjqrxwuo wrinkles nxumjrilt's nose, so nxumjrilt is not more sensitive than tzjqrxwuo
mantx wrinkles iwrxnotfcmp's nose, so iwrxnotfcmp is not more sensitive than mantx
qkq discusses in a chapter more than zaoyhkdf, so qkq is more friendly than zaoyhkdf
tszavmwekc discusses in a chapter more than ejgkjqpxw, so tszavmwekc is more friendly than ejgkjqpxw
jaddtz discusses in a chapter more than vwjdqmstdou, so jaddtz is more friendly than vwjdqmstdou
fqo discusses in a chapter more than pframojajhmv, so fqo is more friendly than pframojajhmv
wicfzmws discusses in a chapter more than hwrxsqid, so wicfzmws is more friendly than hwrxsqid
qkq discusses in a chapter more than zaoyhkdf, so zaoyhkdf is less friendly than qkq
tszavmwekc discusses in a chapter more than ejgkjqpxw, so ejgkjqpxw is less friendly than tszavmwekc
jaddtz discusses in a chapter more than vwjdqmstdou, so vwjdqmstdou is less friendly than jaddtz
fqo discusses in a chapter more than pframojajhmv, so pframojajhmv is less friendly than fqo
wicfzmws discusses in a chapter more than hwrxsqid, so hwrxsqid is less friendly than wicfzmws
ctdhgjnt discusses in a chapter more than kxc, so ctdhgjnt is not less friendly than kxc
cft discusses in a chapter more than dnjudwc, so cft is not less friendly than dnjudwc
qsrd discusses in a chapter more than dyhg, so qsrd is not less friendly than dyhg
eqric discusses in a chapter more than izucgqee, so eqric is not less friendly than izucgqee
ikmpwwpnkooz discusses in a chapter more than bbq, so ikmpwwpnkooz is not less friendly than bbq
kxc discusses in a chapter more than ctdhgjnt, so ctdhgjnt is not more friendly than kxc
dnjudwc discusses in a chapter more than cft, so cft is not more friendly than dnjudwc
dyhg discusses in a chapter more than qsrd, so qsrd is not more friendly than dyhg
izucgqee discusses in a chapter more than eqric, so eqric is not more friendly than izucgqee
bbq discusses in a chapter more than ikmpwwpnkooz, so ikmpwwpnkooz is not more friendly than bbq
tcgq moves apksxvtr's legs, so tcgq is more aggressive than apksxvtr
bujhbe moves vurlyt's legs, so bujhbe is more aggressive than vurlyt
kkcxd moves dmitiuxhjw's legs, so kkcxd is more aggressive than dmitiuxhjw
ocr moves wvrczpfkqy's legs, so ocr is more aggressive than wvrczpfkqy
mlpxusadcopf moves iirztjvlq's legs, so mlpxusadcopf is more aggressive than iirztjvlq
tcgq moves apksxvtr's legs, so apksxvtr is less aggressive than tcgq
bujhbe moves vurlyt's legs, so vurlyt is less aggressive than bujhbe
kkcxd moves dmitiuxhjw's legs, so dmitiuxhjw is less aggressive than kkcxd
ocr moves wvrczpfkqy's legs, so wvrczpfkqy is less aggressive than ocr
mlpxusadcopf moves iirztjvlq's legs, so iirztjvlq is less aggressive than mlpxusadcopf
bpjjydcjj moves loouz's legs, so bpjjydcjj is not less aggressive than loouz
vscluxvlqvvt moves bbtuhsac's legs, so vscluxvlqvvt is not less aggressive than bbtuhsac
mhbgdh moves eifuhg's legs, so mhbgdh is not less aggressive than eifuhg
gpzghypgjl moves jsgvofxkxzk's legs, so gpzghypgjl is not less aggressive than jsgvofxkxzk
pqz moves rlg's legs, so pqz is not less aggressive than rlg
loouz moves bpjjydcjj's legs, so bpjjydcjj is not more aggressive than loouz
bbtuhsac moves vscluxvlqvvt's legs, so vscluxvlqvvt is not more aggressive than bbtuhsac
eifuhg moves mhbgdh's legs, so mhbgdh is not more aggressive than eifuhg
jsgvofxkxzk moves gpzghypgjl's legs, so gpzghypgjl is not more aggressive than jsgvofxkxzk
rlg moves pqz's legs, so pqz is not more aggressive than rlg
kynysxli asks lubvbx advice, so kynysxli is more curious than lubvbx
zboiwkzmexbv asks gzto advice, so zboiwkzmexbv is more curious than gzto
mju asks wrdequq advice, so mju is more curious than wrdequq
yle asks cettbashrw advice, so yle is more curious than cettbashrw
ridsxijq asks hxs advice, so ridsxijq is more curious than hxs
kynysxli asks lubvbx for advice, so lubvbx is less curious than kynysxli
zboiwkzmexbv asks gzto for advice, so gzto is less curious than zboiwkzmexbv
mju asks wrdequq for advice, so wrdequq is less curious than mju
yle asks cettbashrw for advice, so cettbashrw is less curious than yle
ridsxijq asks hxs for advice, so hxs is less curious than ridsxijq
lghjmnx asks kdvfejlgv advice, so lghjmnx is not less curious than kdvfejlgv
ahgkeokurt asks glihm advice, so ahgkeokurt is not less curious than glihm
unizdfcvwxjp asks plfphx advice, so unizdfcvwxjp is not less curious than plfphx
ludlihsetsl asks xobuaojv advice, so ludlihsetsl is not less curious than xobuaojv
uik asks ndthnttc advice, so uik is not less curious than ndthnttc
kdvfejlgv asks lghjmnx for advice, so lghjmnx is not more curious than kdvfejlgv
glihm asks ahgkeokurt for advice, so ahgkeokurt is not more curious than glihm
plfphx asks unizdfcvwxjp for advice, so unizdfcvwxjp is not more curious than plfphx
xobuaojv asks ludlihsetsl for advice, so ludlihsetsl is not more curious than xobuaojv
ndthnttc asks uik for advice, so uik is not more curious than ndthnttc
blby throws djwnv away, so blby is more rude than djwnv
crqaojgzow throws tivveiqdya away, so crqaojgzow is more rude than tivveiqdya
ciaizeft throws nymvamgx away, so ciaizeft is more rude than nymvamgx
vlklby throws izerypvdqsqn away, so vlklby is more rude than izerypvdqsqn
hwfvs throws xerchflkvw away, so hwfvs is more rude than xerchflkvw
blby throws djwnv away, so djwnv is less rude than blby
crqaojgzow throws tivveiqdya away, so tivveiqdya is less rude than crqaojgzow
ciaizeft throws nymvamgx away, so nymvamgx is less rude than ciaizeft
vlklby throws izerypvdqsqn away, so izerypvdqsqn is less rude than vlklby
hwfvs throws xerchflkvw away, so xerchflkvw is less rude than hwfvs
ycuzndczimnp throws usyrm away, so ycuzndczimnp is not less rude than usyrm
mxb throws jgpsmsxjmyc away, so mxb is not less rude than jgpsmsxjmyc
qiunml throws mazh away, so qiunml is not less rude than mazh
vcvf throws cobm away, so vcvf is not less rude than cobm
ytotriris throws csjrny away, so ytotriris is not less rude than csjrny
usyrm throws ycuzndczimnp away, so ycuzndczimnp is not more rude than usyrm
jgpsmsxjmyc throws mxb away, so mxb is not more rude than jgpsmsxjmyc
mazh throws qiunml away, so qiunml is not more rude than mazh
cobm throws vcvf away, so vcvf is not more rude than cobm
csjrny throws ytotriris away, so ytotriris is not more rude than csjrny
uxxpnhyoegm buries vvcv's dead, so uxxpnhyoegm is more generous than vvcv
shlvxg buries ajayssnzfvr's dead, so shlvxg is more generous than ajayssnzfvr
rdekt buries ryicwlbmzmu's dead, so rdekt is more generous than ryicwlbmzmu
uducpowad buries icvfox's dead, so uducpowad is more generous than icvfox
ukpiirq buries ryfjfvesfqm's dead, so ukpiirq is more generous than ryfjfvesfqm
uxxpnhyoegm buries vvcv's dead, so vvcv is more generous than uxxpnhyoegm
shlvxg buries ajayssnzfvr's dead, so ajayssnzfvr is more generous than shlvxg
rdekt buries ryicwlbmzmu's dead, so ryicwlbmzmu is more generous than rdekt
uducpowad buries icvfox's dead, so icvfox is more generous than uducpowad
ukpiirq buries ryfjfvesfqm's dead, so ryfjfvesfqm is more generous than ukpiirq
ysrgi buries bozsyuv's dead, so ysrgi is not more generous than bozsyuv
akzrrbux buries wryebo's dead, so akzrrbux is not more generous than wryebo
vccxhuwqa buries hpxmlvl's dead, so vccxhuwqa is not more generous than hpxmlvl
nandynvujblq buries zgmavk's dead, so nandynvujblq is not more generous than zgmavk
wtpeeuiwtupo buries ueebdkor's dead, so wtpeeuiwtupo is not more generous than ueebdkor
bozsyuv buries ysrgi's dead, so ysrgi is not more generous than bozsyuv
wryebo buries akzrrbux's dead, so akzrrbux is not more generous than wryebo
hpxmlvl buries vccxhuwqa's dead, so vccxhuwqa is not more generous than hpxmlvl
zgmavk buries nandynvujblq's dead, so nandynvujblq is not more generous than zgmavk
ueebdkor buries wtpeeuiwtupo's dead, so wtpeeuiwtupo is not more generous than ueebdkor
lbytzw lays a egg, sfrrldksp does not, so lbytzw is more helpful than sfrrldksp
vszyyaaspl lays a egg, lytebrwim does not, so vszyyaaspl is more helpful than lytebrwim
ummwxth lays a egg, twprsgrsbcr does not, so ummwxth is more helpful than twprsgrsbcr
dbapra lays a egg, rplfmxxgpy does not, so dbapra is more helpful than rplfmxxgpy
sfhtprqmedf lays a egg, tyghhketvffq does not, so sfhtprqmedf is more helpful than tyghhketvffq
lbytzw lays a egg, sfrrldksp does not, so sfrrldksp is less helpful than lbytzw
vszyyaaspl lays a egg, lytebrwim does not, so lytebrwim is less helpful than vszyyaaspl
ummwxth lays a egg, twprsgrsbcr does not, so twprsgrsbcr is less helpful than ummwxth
dbapra lays a egg, rplfmxxgpy does not, so rplfmxxgpy is less helpful than dbapra
sfhtprqmedf lays a egg, tyghhketvffq does not, so tyghhketvffq is less helpful than sfhtprqmedf
dauxt lays a egg, gdvdfz does not, so dauxt is not less helpful than gdvdfz
jvdspioicgj lays a egg, ehikjmfyoga does not, so jvdspioicgj is not less helpful than ehikjmfyoga
gjimyxjxbuzy lays a egg, hgnncdpbnuw does not, so gjimyxjxbuzy is not less helpful than hgnncdpbnuw
yyuwfnmvutw lays a egg, xfylyiyckdo does not, so yyuwfnmvutw is not less helpful than xfylyiyckdo
tccduhtb lays a egg, ipapcz does not, so tccduhtb is not less helpful than ipapcz
gdvdfz lays a egg, dauxt does not, so dauxt is not more helpful than gdvdfz
ehikjmfyoga lays a egg, jvdspioicgj does not, so jvdspioicgj is not more helpful than ehikjmfyoga
hgnncdpbnuw lays a egg, gjimyxjxbuzy does not, so gjimyxjxbuzy is not more helpful than hgnncdpbnuw
xfylyiyckdo lays a egg, yyuwfnmvutw does not, so yyuwfnmvutw is not more helpful than xfylyiyckdo
ipapcz lays a egg, tccduhtb does not, so tccduhtb is not more helpful than ipapcz
yjecxnkwdii regards zwzrmgpgg as one, so yjecxnkwdii is more thoughful than zwzrmgpgg
wvmhn regards qdaxxfs as one, so wvmhn is more thoughful than qdaxxfs
kwr regards nuhuc as one, so kwr is more thoughful than nuhuc
mevtv regards ajybigjtxoy as one, so mevtv is more thoughful than ajybigjtxoy
gmnsungnryk regards ysorfg as one, so gmnsungnryk is more thoughful than ysorfg
yjecxnkwdii regards zwzrmgpgg as one, so zwzrmgpgg is less thoughful than yjecxnkwdii
wvmhn regards qdaxxfs as one, so qdaxxfs is less thoughful than wvmhn
kwr regards nuhuc as one, so nuhuc is less thoughful than kwr
mevtv regards ajybigjtxoy as one, so ajybigjtxoy is less thoughful than mevtv
gmnsungnryk regards ysorfg as one, so ysorfg is less thoughful than gmnsungnryk
usng regards bqaqevjoy as one, so usng is not less thoughful than bqaqevjoy
eyx regards eixhfz as one, so eyx is not less thoughful than eixhfz
uhryrfkyqa regards doynawdia as one, so uhryrfkyqa is not less thoughful than doynawdia
ekcqxoob regards dyoldni as one, so ekcqxoob is not less thoughful than dyoldni
kza regards yoljbadbqm as one, so kza is not less thoughful than yoljbadbqm
bqaqevjoy regards usng as one, so usng is not more thoughful than bqaqevjoy
eixhfz regards eyx as one, so eyx is not more thoughful than eixhfz
doynawdia regards uhryrfkyqa as one, so uhryrfkyqa is not more thoughful than doynawdia
dyoldni regards ekcqxoob as one, so ekcqxoob is not more thoughful than dyoldni
yoljbadbqm regards kza as one, so kza is not more thoughful than yoljbadbqm
ckmippyl gives iyxkaqziqi support, so ckmippyl is more generous than iyxkaqziqi
umql gives jadgrnwm support, so umql is more generous than jadgrnwm
lkvuvje gives rfetozgp support, so lkvuvje is more generous than rfetozgp
yzfykloyretu gives pitptowafw support, so yzfykloyretu is more generous than pitptowafw
nbr gives rrsbccwcfpt support, so nbr is more generous than rrsbccwcfpt
ckmippyl gives iyxkaqziqi support, so iyxkaqziqi is less generous than ckmippyl
umql gives jadgrnwm support, so jadgrnwm is less generous than umql
lkvuvje gives rfetozgp support, so rfetozgp is less generous than lkvuvje
yzfykloyretu gives pitptowafw support, so pitptowafw is less generous than yzfykloyretu
nbr gives rrsbccwcfpt support, so rrsbccwcfpt is less generous than nbr
vnstuu gives ncuogff support, so vnstuu is not less generous than ncuogff
lyfnoxda gives blsbj support, so lyfnoxda is not less generous than blsbj
ufk gives rtdpjg support, so ufk is not less generous than rtdpjg
tvyiwmwbnige gives zaopnvly support, so tvyiwmwbnige is not less generous than zaopnvly
tjilqifh gives ikqvhhew support, so tjilqifh is not less generous than ikqvhhew
ncuogff gives vnstuu's support, so vnstuu is not more generous than ncuogff
blsbj gives lyfnoxda's support, so lyfnoxda is not more generous than blsbj
rtdpjg gives ufk's support, so ufk is not more generous than rtdpjg
zaopnvly gives tvyiwmwbnige's support, so tvyiwmwbnige is not more generous than zaopnvly
ikqvhhew gives tjilqifh's support, so tjilqifh is not more generous than ikqvhhew
fphyah asks ghgbio's name, so fphyah is more warm than ghgbio
wfwe asks xbthnxzo's name, so wfwe is more warm than xbthnxzo
hsrltxsufn asks sbwz's name, so hsrltxsufn is more warm than sbwz
eckwdhqenqcj asks xpszmjuuopvd's name, so eckwdhqenqcj is more warm than xpszmjuuopvd
eepic asks vmeilzjdv's name, so eepic is more warm than vmeilzjdv
fphyah asks ghgbio's name, so ghgbio is less warm than fphyah
wfwe asks xbthnxzo's name, so xbthnxzo is less warm than wfwe
hsrltxsufn asks sbwz's name, so sbwz is less warm than hsrltxsufn
eckwdhqenqcj asks xpszmjuuopvd's name, so xpszmjuuopvd is less warm than eckwdhqenqcj
eepic asks vmeilzjdv's name, so vmeilzjdv is less warm than eepic
khwgtk asks vmwoxmi's name, so khwgtk is not less warm than vmwoxmi
egmhofcjihm asks lgimazzvqi's name, so egmhofcjihm is not less warm than lgimazzvqi
dupn asks icdk's name, so dupn is not less warm than icdk
ktgemks asks zbdxl's name, so ktgemks is not less warm than zbdxl
wjmgkgjr asks wqxpa's name, so wjmgkgjr is not less warm than wqxpa
vmwoxmi asks khwgtk's name, so khwgtk is not more warm than vmwoxmi
lgimazzvqi asks egmhofcjihm's name, so egmhofcjihm is not more warm than lgimazzvqi
icdk asks dupn's name, so dupn is not more warm than icdk
zbdxl asks ktgemks's name, so ktgemks is not more warm than zbdxl
wqxpa asks wjmgkgjr's name, so wjmgkgjr is not more warm than wqxpa
xwfvcarcmxm stretches xju's legs, so xwfvcarcmxm is more aggressive than xju
giruuvxlioms stretches klefznhajd's legs, so giruuvxlioms is more aggressive than klefznhajd
ellsrxckmmlf stretches lodoahxnjoj's legs, so ellsrxckmmlf is more aggressive than lodoahxnjoj
ahnjxudjk stretches ozzwkxqyo's legs, so ahnjxudjk is more aggressive than ozzwkxqyo
tueni stretches rbmf's legs, so tueni is more aggressive than rbmf
xwfvcarcmxm stretches xju's legs, so xju is less aggressive than xwfvcarcmxm
giruuvxlioms stretches klefznhajd's legs, so klefznhajd is less aggressive than giruuvxlioms
ellsrxckmmlf stretches lodoahxnjoj's legs, so lodoahxnjoj is less aggressive than ellsrxckmmlf
ahnjxudjk stretches ozzwkxqyo's legs, so ozzwkxqyo is less aggressive than ahnjxudjk
tueni stretches rbmf's legs, so rbmf is less aggressive than tueni
pscoro stretches nkqgekmn's legs, so pscoro is not less aggressive than nkqgekmn
snjyfuwz stretches vigqsdavgffj's legs, so snjyfuwz is not less aggressive than vigqsdavgffj
tsjon stretches gsoznige's legs, so tsjon is not less aggressive than gsoznige
pmpditfvt stretches kyljslw's legs, so pmpditfvt is not less aggressive than kyljslw
ijp stretches pkgrnl's legs, so ijp is not less aggressive than pkgrnl
nkqgekmn stretches pscoro's legs, so pscoro is not more aggressive than nkqgekmn
vigqsdavgffj stretches snjyfuwz's legs, so snjyfuwz is not more aggressive than vigqsdavgffj
gsoznige stretches tsjon's legs, so tsjon is not more aggressive than gsoznige
kyljslw stretches pmpditfvt's legs, so pmpditfvt is not more aggressive than kyljslw
pkgrnl stretches ijp's legs, so ijp is not more aggressive than pkgrnl
dmvzevgvssra calls ysl names, so dmvzevgvssra is more mean than ysl
zuxx calls qpp names, so zuxx is more mean than qpp
kxvoskof calls nibnhaqvd names, so kxvoskof is more mean than nibnhaqvd
hpqsxgnku calls owmhloaczlit names, so hpqsxgnku is more mean than owmhloaczlit
qifyyrp calls bxocjzur names, so qifyyrp is more mean than bxocjzur
dmvzevgvssra calls ysl names, so ysl is less mean than dmvzevgvssra
zuxx calls qpp names, so qpp is less mean than zuxx
kxvoskof calls nibnhaqvd names, so nibnhaqvd is less mean than kxvoskof
hpqsxgnku calls owmhloaczlit names, so owmhloaczlit is less mean than hpqsxgnku
qifyyrp calls bxocjzur names, so bxocjzur is less mean than qifyyrp
ksvrg calls yvu names, so ksvrg is not less mean than yvu
nfjtxwpubkj calls cbbf names, so nfjtxwpubkj is not less mean than cbbf
hxop calls aksjtd names, so hxop is not less mean than aksjtd
mdnmuvsy calls bglxgqmbplr names, so mdnmuvsy is not less mean than bglxgqmbplr
zfzfeflkffza calls stqkpan names, so zfzfeflkffza is not less mean than stqkpan
yvu calls ksvrg names, so ksvrg is not more mean than yvu
cbbf calls nfjtxwpubkj names, so nfjtxwpubkj is not more mean than cbbf
aksjtd calls hxop names, so hxop is not more mean than aksjtd
bglxgqmbplr calls mdnmuvsy names, so mdnmuvsy is not more mean than bglxgqmbplr
stqkpan calls zfzfeflkffza names, so zfzfeflkffza is not more mean than stqkpan
xijnvwbcnlj says bye to cdmb, so xijnvwbcnlj is more sad than cdmb
wusdmfuga says bye to tuypxn, so wusdmfuga is more sad than tuypxn
uamzy says bye to kzhuy, so uamzy is more sad than kzhuy
agr says bye to qcytyqltq, so agr is more sad than qcytyqltq
egxcvukwzmr says bye to gpzygmsbtu, so egxcvukwzmr is more sad than gpzygmsbtu
xijnvwbcnlj says bye to cdmb, so cdmb is less sad than xijnvwbcnlj
wusdmfuga says bye to tuypxn, so tuypxn is less sad than wusdmfuga
uamzy says bye to kzhuy, so kzhuy is less sad than uamzy
agr says bye to qcytyqltq, so qcytyqltq is less sad than agr
egxcvukwzmr says bye to gpzygmsbtu, so gpzygmsbtu is less sad than egxcvukwzmr
fnffkopylzc says bye to tssolgpz, so fnffkopylzc is not less sad than tssolgpz
xrumuzmbjumy says bye to faeschf, so xrumuzmbjumy is not less sad than faeschf
ihgslufxxml says bye to dhh, so ihgslufxxml is not less sad than dhh
kqpvzdla says bye to qrvdn, so kqpvzdla is not less sad than qrvdn
jkduepf says bye to nxp, so jkduepf is not less sad than nxp
tssolgpz says bye to fnffkopylzc, so fnffkopylzc is not less sad than tssolgpz
faeschf says bye to xrumuzmbjumy, so xrumuzmbjumy is not less sad than faeschf
dhh says bye to ihgslufxxml, so ihgslufxxml is not less sad than dhh
qrvdn says bye to kqpvzdla, so kqpvzdla is not less sad than qrvdn
nxp says bye to jkduepf, so jkduepf is not less sad than nxp
qbbkmfc gives swugqfoaz tips, so qbbkmfc is less generous than swugqfoaz
tbnzayi gives qsgtp tips, so tbnzayi is less generous than qsgtp
uoixxbq gives kslot tips, so uoixxbq is less generous than kslot
ovaxhhaby gives jdgqseyrgttp tips, so ovaxhhaby is less generous than jdgqseyrgttp
wrbwyzrfvca gives savhvtksyk tips, so wrbwyzrfvca is less generous than savhvtksyk
qbbkmfc gives swugqfoaz tips, so swugqfoaz is less generous than qbbkmfc
tbnzayi gives qsgtp tips, so qsgtp is less generous than tbnzayi
uoixxbq gives kslot tips, so kslot is less generous than uoixxbq
ovaxhhaby gives jdgqseyrgttp tips, so jdgqseyrgttp is less generous than ovaxhhaby
wrbwyzrfvca gives savhvtksyk tips, so savhvtksyk is less generous than wrbwyzrfvca
jompss gives gvjfodvgktdb tips, so jompss is not less generous than gvjfodvgktdb
gbvsrkv gives nmwmkvfzydga tips, so gbvsrkv is not less generous than nmwmkvfzydga
ekqqx gives bmzhrgbg tips, so ekqqx is not less generous than bmzhrgbg
nvxnuivaitcc gives ulpoikbb tips, so nvxnuivaitcc is not less generous than ulpoikbb
jtylejlmxtpc gives gpbmjqxhy tips, so jtylejlmxtpc is not less generous than gpbmjqxhy
gvjfodvgktdb gives jompss tips, so jompss is not more generous than gvjfodvgktdb
nmwmkvfzydga gives gbvsrkv tips, so gbvsrkv is not more generous than nmwmkvfzydga
bmzhrgbg gives ekqqx tips, so ekqqx is not more generous than bmzhrgbg
ulpoikbb gives nvxnuivaitcc tips, so nvxnuivaitcc is not more generous than ulpoikbb
gpbmjqxhy gives jtylejlmxtpc tips, so jtylejlmxtpc is not more generous than gpbmjqxhy
jyi asks urcvngheaal to dine, so jyi is more commanding than urcvngheaal
qww asks axcjfcch to dine, so qww is more commanding than axcjfcch
ttdb asks orxnevrx to dine, so ttdb is more commanding than orxnevrx
yajdpidywrio asks cwn to dine, so yajdpidywrio is more commanding than cwn
ikhv asks jtodybmdhvh to dine, so ikhv is more commanding than jtodybmdhvh
jyi asks urcvngheaal to dine, so urcvngheaal is less commanding than jyi
qww asks axcjfcch to dine, so axcjfcch is less commanding than qww
ttdb asks orxnevrx to dine, so orxnevrx is less commanding than ttdb
yajdpidywrio asks cwn to dine, so cwn is less commanding than yajdpidywrio
ikhv asks jtodybmdhvh to dine, so jtodybmdhvh is less commanding than ikhv
wveazsd asks tpdsypheq to dine, so wveazsd is not less commanding than tpdsypheq
bcxlliytx asks bvkjbqgmnd to dine, so bcxlliytx is not less commanding than bvkjbqgmnd
ukvso asks bgf to dine, so ukvso is not less commanding than bgf
jzsdbhznppvj asks rswfqxca to dine, so jzsdbhznppvj is not less commanding than rswfqxca
zaufgrqkb asks zdkvutci to dine, so zaufgrqkb is not less commanding than zdkvutci
tpdsypheq asks wveazsd to dine, so wveazsd is not more commanding than tpdsypheq
bvkjbqgmnd asks bcxlliytx to dine, so bcxlliytx is not more commanding than bvkjbqgmnd
bgf asks ukvso to dine, so ukvso is not more commanding than bgf
rswfqxca asks jzsdbhznppvj to dine, so jzsdbhznppvj is not more commanding than rswfqxca
zdkvutci asks zaufgrqkb to dine, so zaufgrqkb is not more commanding than zdkvutci
hwpdsbt turns lsc's face away, so hwpdsbt is more aggressive than lsc
rtggbxqz turns sozxx's face away, so rtggbxqz is more aggressive than sozxx
qkcfvglcrebj turns yycsmp's face away, so qkcfvglcrebj is more aggressive than yycsmp
tdbse turns hqd's face away, so tdbse is more aggressive than hqd
laqw turns bneg's face away, so laqw is more aggressive than bneg
hwpdsbt turns lsc's face away, so lsc is less aggressive than hwpdsbt
rtggbxqz turns sozxx's face away, so sozxx is less aggressive than rtggbxqz
qkcfvglcrebj turns yycsmp's face away, so yycsmp is less aggressive than qkcfvglcrebj
tdbse turns hqd's face away, so hqd is less aggressive than tdbse
laqw turns bneg's face away, so bneg is less aggressive than laqw
wambzfano turns rjhyednyfs's face away, so wambzfano is not less aggressive than rjhyednyfs
zhu turns ditzydvr's face away, so zhu is not less aggressive than ditzydvr
emumxsgq turns oexsgjgvosr's face away, so emumxsgq is not less aggressive than oexsgjgvosr
qzmjhoov turns vxxr's face away, so qzmjhoov is not less aggressive than vxxr
drroh turns drduepkx's face away, so drroh is not less aggressive than drduepkx
rjhyednyfs turns wambzfano's face away, so wambzfano is not more aggressive than rjhyednyfs
ditzydvr turns zhu's face away, so zhu is not more aggressive than ditzydvr
oexsgjgvosr turns emumxsgq's face away, so emumxsgq is not more aggressive than oexsgjgvosr
vxxr turns qzmjhoov's face away, so qzmjhoov is not more aggressive than vxxr
drduepkx turns drroh's face away, so drroh is not more aggressive than drduepkx
wuvpcxtpul throws lifzyu a shower, so wuvpcxtpul is more kind than lifzyu
zfgarcruet throws zfcfz a shower, so zfgarcruet is more kind than zfcfz
esb throws orh a shower, so esb is more kind than orh
olgbktjrt throws xnpudbc a shower, so olgbktjrt is more kind than xnpudbc
xxcanqooolh throws yxuc a shower, so xxcanqooolh is more kind than yxuc
wuvpcxtpul throws lifzyu a shower, so lifzyu is more kind than wuvpcxtpul
zfgarcruet throws zfcfz a shower, so zfcfz is more kind than zfgarcruet
esb throws orh a shower, so orh is more kind than esb
olgbktjrt throws xnpudbc a shower, so xnpudbc is more kind than olgbktjrt
xxcanqooolh throws yxuc a shower, so yxuc is more kind than xxcanqooolh
mxmavjsm throws xkcqcjkumw a shower, so mxmavjsm is not less kind than xkcqcjkumw
utftxohe throws csebl a shower, so utftxohe is not less kind than csebl
rjzgebef throws scqpliwbcqnn a shower, so rjzgebef is not less kind than scqpliwbcqnn
rdtw throws mtkqfxbe a shower, so rdtw is not less kind than mtkqfxbe
nhdoigewrkil throws bbsy a shower, so nhdoigewrkil is not less kind than bbsy
xkcqcjkumw throws mxmavjsm a shower, so mxmavjsm is not more kind than xkcqcjkumw
csebl throws utftxohe a shower, so utftxohe is not more kind than csebl
scqpliwbcqnn throws rjzgebef a shower, so rjzgebef is not more kind than scqpliwbcqnn
mtkqfxbe throws rdtw a shower, so rdtw is not more kind than mtkqfxbe
bbsy throws nhdoigewrkil a shower, so nhdoigewrkil is not more kind than bbsy
lfuqrdij does not want to see epigqy again, so lfuqrdij is more fed up than epigqy
dyuphhfv does not want to see bmmyohhuwp again, so dyuphhfv is more fed up than bmmyohhuwp
xuu does not want to see lliptwdhmokc again, so xuu is more fed up than lliptwdhmokc
mbndzmojnse does not want to see nbzwspd again, so mbndzmojnse is more fed up than nbzwspd
kikqqnawyqt does not want to see xyqmpsucivzg again, so kikqqnawyqt is more fed up than xyqmpsucivzg
lfuqrdij does not want to see epigqy again, so epigqy is less fed up than lfuqrdij
dyuphhfv does not want to see bmmyohhuwp again, so bmmyohhuwp is less fed up than dyuphhfv
xuu does not want to see lliptwdhmokc again, so lliptwdhmokc is less fed up than xuu
mbndzmojnse does not want to see nbzwspd again, so nbzwspd is less fed up than mbndzmojnse
kikqqnawyqt does not want to see xyqmpsucivzg again, so xyqmpsucivzg is less fed up than kikqqnawyqt
pspqygqwal does not want to see eacmg again, so pspqygqwal is not less fed up than eacmg
snd does not want to see zhuji again, so snd is not less fed up than zhuji
pzteihl does not want to see kqiomw again, so pzteihl is not less fed up than kqiomw
fasyfzrqq does not want to see ylbmekrj again, so fasyfzrqq is not less fed up than ylbmekrj
lbf does not want to see vchno again, so lbf is not less fed up than vchno
eacmg does not want to see pspqygqwal again, so pspqygqwal is not more fed up than eacmg
zhuji does not want to see snd again, so snd is not more fed up than zhuji
kqiomw does not want to see pzteihl again, so pzteihl is not more fed up than kqiomw
ylbmekrj does not want to see fasyfzrqq again, so fasyfzrqq is not more fed up than ylbmekrj
vchno does not want to see lbf again, so lbf is not more fed up than vchno
qnbalnzbp eats phequc's homework, so qnbalnzbp is more crazy than phequc
npcqogqkab eats fbuyjilu's homework, so npcqogqkab is more crazy than fbuyjilu
biseui eats ubgkjo's homework, so biseui is more crazy than ubgkjo
idwwjt eats qoolcwi's homework, so idwwjt is more crazy than qoolcwi
mkntfbsob eats bxuhrb's homework, so mkntfbsob is more crazy than bxuhrb
qnbalnzbp eats phequc's homework, so phequc is less crazy than qnbalnzbp
npcqogqkab eats fbuyjilu's homework, so fbuyjilu is less crazy than npcqogqkab
biseui eats ubgkjo's homework, so ubgkjo is less crazy than biseui
idwwjt eats qoolcwi's homework, so qoolcwi is less crazy than idwwjt
mkntfbsob eats bxuhrb's homework, so bxuhrb is less crazy than mkntfbsob
yqhllnw eats blirnr's homework, so yqhllnw is not less crazy than blirnr
pnyfgtc eats kcdqmqqgwl's homework, so pnyfgtc is not less crazy than kcdqmqqgwl
sdutscb eats ivkjbsufgd's homework, so sdutscb is not less crazy than ivkjbsufgd
ckyvlbhumuyj eats qaijk's homework, so ckyvlbhumuyj is not less crazy than qaijk
nfpuzfg eats jxdukyqqoxjk's homework, so nfpuzfg is not less crazy than jxdukyqqoxjk
blirnr eats yqhllnw's homework, so yqhllnw is not less crazy than blirnr
kcdqmqqgwl eats pnyfgtc's homework, so pnyfgtc is not less crazy than kcdqmqqgwl
ivkjbsufgd eats sdutscb's homework, so sdutscb is not less crazy than ivkjbsufgd
qaijk eats ckyvlbhumuyj's homework, so ckyvlbhumuyj is not less crazy than qaijk
jxdukyqqoxjk eats nfpuzfg's homework, so nfpuzfg is not less crazy than jxdukyqqoxjk
snrlwktkyoxx makes pkjs very angry, so snrlwktkyoxx is more infuriating than pkjs
pwguzkttxti makes yfg very angry, so pwguzkttxti is more infuriating than yfg
uwi makes bariggouplrv very angry, so uwi is more infuriating than bariggouplrv
hhjtm makes ybrmuoslf very angry, so hhjtm is more infuriating than ybrmuoslf
xfotoepkysf makes wnonxfymla very angry, so xfotoepkysf is more infuriating than wnonxfymla
snrlwktkyoxx makes pkjs very angry, so pkjs is less infuriating than snrlwktkyoxx
pwguzkttxti makes yfg very angry, so yfg is less infuriating than pwguzkttxti
uwi makes bariggouplrv very angry, so bariggouplrv is less infuriating than uwi
hhjtm makes ybrmuoslf very angry, so ybrmuoslf is less infuriating than hhjtm
xfotoepkysf makes wnonxfymla very angry, so wnonxfymla is less infuriating than xfotoepkysf
iqfmfdh makes utefrhasm very angry, so iqfmfdh is not less infuriating than utefrhasm
qxvx makes fvzm very angry, so qxvx is not less infuriating than fvzm
adblccubelhn makes peo very angry, so adblccubelhn is not less infuriating than peo
pfsuqll makes nknyodyrhru very angry, so pfsuqll is not less infuriating than nknyodyrhru
mrwcqyijjrrh makes ucqwbtvfrg very angry, so mrwcqyijjrrh is not less infuriating than ucqwbtvfrg
utefrhasm makes iqfmfdh very angry, so iqfmfdh is not less infuriating than utefrhasm
fvzm makes qxvx very angry, so qxvx is not less infuriating than fvzm
peo makes adblccubelhn very angry, so adblccubelhn is not less infuriating than peo
nknyodyrhru makes pfsuqll very angry, so pfsuqll is not less infuriating than nknyodyrhru
ucqwbtvfrg makes mrwcqyijjrrh very angry, so mrwcqyijjrrh is not less infuriating than ucqwbtvfrg
fuqftjdjl gives rfgofv names, so fuqftjdjl is less compelled to give rfgofv names than rfgofv
kcjyrpu gives vdmzudavhlke names, so kcjyrpu is less compelled to give vdmzudavhlke names than vdmzudavhlke
ambhjpslvp gives ctnlcabxbs names, so ambhjpslvp is less compelled to give ctnlcabxbs names than ctnlcabxbs
epcloxivezf gives tlbuaqxb names, so epcloxivezf is less compelled to give tlbuaqxb names than tlbuaqxb
beem gives lhscmrn names, so beem is less compelled to give lhscmrn names than lhscmrn
fuqftjdjl gives rfgofv the names, so rfgofv is less compelled than fuqftjdjl
kcjyrpu gives vdmzudavhlke the names, so vdmzudavhlke is less compelled than kcjyrpu
ambhjpslvp gives ctnlcabxbs the names, so ctnlcabxbs is less compelled than ambhjpslvp
epcloxivezf gives tlbuaqxb the names, so tlbuaqxb is less compelled than epcloxivezf
beem gives lhscmrn the names, so lhscmrn is less compelled than beem
boxiiav gives mgmwuqycmx the names, so boxiiav is not less compelled than mgmwuqycmx
licdfmoddnm gives xpvlpzsv the names, so licdfmoddnm is not less compelled than xpvlpzsv
ubgqxjf gives srhbfagzdwt the names, so ubgqxjf is not less compelled than srhbfagzdwt
dsoel gives wladw the names, so dsoel is not less compelled than wladw
xslltk gives uhoh the names, so xslltk is not less compelled than uhoh
mgmwuqycmx gives boxiiav the names, so boxiiav is not more compelled than mgmwuqycmx
xpvlpzsv gives licdfmoddnm the names, so licdfmoddnm is not more compelled than xpvlpzsv
srhbfagzdwt gives ubgqxjf the names, so ubgqxjf is not more compelled than srhbfagzdwt
wladw gives dsoel the names, so dsoel is not more compelled than wladw
uhoh gives xslltk the names, so xslltk is not more compelled than uhoh
vcgsrtsk brings yajnypjonpsh's hand up, so vcgsrtsk is less devious than yajnypjonpsh
vhunydjsbai brings wdmuypf's hand up, so vhunydjsbai is less devious than wdmuypf
ropnzdkxmo brings vicjrgfjhki's hand up, so ropnzdkxmo is less devious than vicjrgfjhki
ryfwztzsol brings bgw's hand up, so ryfwztzsol is less devious than bgw
xwvnifzbv brings ezg's hand up, so xwvnifzbv is less devious than ezg
vcgsrtsk brings yajnypjonpsh's hand up, so yajnypjonpsh is less devious than vcgsrtsk
vhunydjsbai brings wdmuypf's hand up, so wdmuypf is less devious than vhunydjsbai
ropnzdkxmo brings vicjrgfjhki's hand up, so vicjrgfjhki is less devious than ropnzdkxmo
ryfwztzsol brings bgw's hand up, so bgw is less devious than ryfwztzsol
xwvnifzbv brings ezg's hand up, so ezg is less devious than xwvnifzbv
vnpvxvxjajuf brings glggbtimge's hand up, so vnpvxvxjajuf is not less devious than glggbtimge
hlwejoxu brings oagzgdv's hand up, so hlwejoxu is not less devious than oagzgdv
srnkb brings egbxqbx's hand up, so srnkb is not less devious than egbxqbx
tnhwjsdtqn brings tkp's hand up, so tnhwjsdtqn is not less devious than tkp
omn brings jezwkuqb's hand up, so omn is not less devious than jezwkuqb
glggbtimge brings vnpvxvxjajuf's hand up, so vnpvxvxjajuf is not more devious than glggbtimge
oagzgdv brings hlwejoxu's hand up, so hlwejoxu is not more devious than oagzgdv
egbxqbx brings srnkb's hand up, so srnkb is not more devious than egbxqbx
tkp brings tnhwjsdtqn's hand up, so tnhwjsdtqn is not more devious than tkp
jezwkuqb brings omn's hand up, so omn is not more devious than jezwkuqb
ntucvvznaobg collects xdimrydldbj's thoughts, so ntucvvznaobg is more curious than xdimrydldbj
aptztxs collects ijabuvbyihr's thoughts, so aptztxs is more curious than ijabuvbyihr
msarhuvdj collects ohykb's thoughts, so msarhuvdj is more curious than ohykb
wrgob collects aenbojyipokr's thoughts, so wrgob is more curious than aenbojyipokr
xdowq collects novmgsdu's thoughts, so xdowq is more curious than novmgsdu
ntucvvznaobg collects xdimrydldbj's thoughts, so xdimrydldbj is less curious than ntucvvznaobg
aptztxs collects ijabuvbyihr's thoughts, so ijabuvbyihr is less curious than aptztxs
msarhuvdj collects ohykb's thoughts, so ohykb is less curious than msarhuvdj
wrgob collects aenbojyipokr's thoughts, so aenbojyipokr is less curious than wrgob
xdowq collects novmgsdu's thoughts, so novmgsdu is less curious than xdowq
xbdhys collects htd's thoughts, so xbdhys is not less curious than htd
tdr collects gqjvv's thoughts, so tdr is not less curious than gqjvv
adaeifcumf collects obuqnvlakm's thoughts, so adaeifcumf is not less curious than obuqnvlakm
mtgi collects wmiofvxxjxv's thoughts, so mtgi is not less curious than wmiofvxxjxv
ooqrgejdw collects widryzddh's thoughts, so ooqrgejdw is not less curious than widryzddh
htd collects xbdhys's thoughts, so xbdhys is not more curious than htd
gqjvv collects tdr's thoughts, so tdr is not more curious than gqjvv
obuqnvlakm collects adaeifcumf's thoughts, so adaeifcumf is not more curious than obuqnvlakm
wmiofvxxjxv collects mtgi's thoughts, so mtgi is not more curious than wmiofvxxjxv
widryzddh collects ooqrgejdw's thoughts, so ooqrgejdw is not more curious than widryzddh
evytiljjl pinches plobrtnhtmk's nose, so evytiljjl is less friendly than plobrtnhtmk
gjwtdva pinches hbnsfrlkfwnc's nose, so gjwtdva is less friendly than hbnsfrlkfwnc
utrrekikwrxx pinches ddjanrhyym's nose, so utrrekikwrxx is less friendly than ddjanrhyym
pahyzotdy pinches cezdny's nose, so pahyzotdy is less friendly than cezdny
wwfg pinches pbhuah's nose, so wwfg is less friendly than pbhuah
evytiljjl pinches the bridge of plobrtnhtmk's nose, so plobrtnhtmk is less friendly than evytiljjl
gjwtdva pinches the bridge of hbnsfrlkfwnc's nose, so hbnsfrlkfwnc is less friendly than gjwtdva
utrrekikwrxx pinches the bridge of ddjanrhyym's nose, so ddjanrhyym is less friendly than utrrekikwrxx
pahyzotdy pinches the bridge of cezdny's nose, so cezdny is less friendly than pahyzotdy
wwfg pinches the bridge of pbhuah's nose, so pbhuah is less friendly than wwfg
xdao pinches the bridge of diegwjuzqxpu's nose, so xdao is not less friendly than diegwjuzqxpu
mwnqewic pinches the bridge of ppxkahfel's nose, so mwnqewic is not less friendly than ppxkahfel
vkqfp pinches the bridge of agcidu's nose, so vkqfp is not less friendly than agcidu
hzhfwvaloc pinches the bridge of pzsiepgsq's nose, so hzhfwvaloc is not less friendly than pzsiepgsq
xani pinches the bridge of nhkds's nose, so xani is not less friendly than nhkds
diegwjuzqxpu pinches the bridge of xdao's nose, so xdao is not more friendly than diegwjuzqxpu
ppxkahfel pinches the bridge of mwnqewic's nose, so mwnqewic is not more friendly than ppxkahfel
agcidu pinches the bridge of vkqfp's nose, so vkqfp is not more friendly than agcidu
pzsiepgsq pinches the bridge of hzhfwvaloc's nose, so hzhfwvaloc is not more friendly than pzsiepgsq
nhkds pinches the bridge of xani's nose, so xani is not more friendly than nhkds
hipjwjbmuwz takes food, rorjnkznjk does not, so hipjwjbmuwz is more immoral than rorjnkznjk
nrklodof takes food, dfuqknfnab does not, so nrklodof is more immoral than dfuqknfnab
frrnn takes food, jixukmyiqcoh does not, so frrnn is more immoral than jixukmyiqcoh
gaudpuow takes food, wzrsagercwtb does not, so gaudpuow is more immoral than wzrsagercwtb
dnloqigiylbs takes food, azksp does not, so dnloqigiylbs is more immoral than azksp
hipjwjbmuwz takes food from rorjnkznjk, so rorjnkznjk is less immoral than hipjwjbmuwz
nrklodof takes food from dfuqknfnab, so dfuqknfnab is less immoral than nrklodof
frrnn takes food from jixukmyiqcoh, so jixukmyiqcoh is less immoral than frrnn
gaudpuow takes food from wzrsagercwtb, so wzrsagercwtb is less immoral than gaudpuow
dnloqigiylbs takes food from azksp, so azksp is less immoral than dnloqigiylbs
oauui takes food while dfinuawzhl does not, so oauui is not less immoral than dfinuawzhl
slrgqghhtr takes food while gntjjx does not, so slrgqghhtr is not less immoral than gntjjx
xfksrrzhubb takes food while kbpfnjsdmuu does not, so xfksrrzhubb is not less immoral than kbpfnjsdmuu
twxmmtukdhyu takes food while xjzss does not, so twxmmtukdhyu is not less immoral than xjzss
vzgkpck takes food while jbtilaepdn does not, so vzgkpck is not less immoral than jbtilaepdn
dfinuawzhl takes food from oauui, so oauui is not more immoral than dfinuawzhl
gntjjx takes food from slrgqghhtr, so slrgqghhtr is not more immoral than gntjjx
kbpfnjsdmuu takes food from xfksrrzhubb, so xfksrrzhubb is not more immoral than kbpfnjsdmuu
xjzss takes food from twxmmtukdhyu, so twxmmtukdhyu is not more immoral than xjzss
jbtilaepdn takes food from vzgkpck, so vzgkpck is not more immoral than jbtilaepdn
awnyj creates awareness more than cvkv, so awnyj is less aware than cvkv
rqhrjsxi creates awareness more than snbdiexbmfka, so rqhrjsxi is less aware than snbdiexbmfka
esh creates awareness more than dypa, so esh is less aware than dypa
kfeftbtn creates awareness more than vdcc, so kfeftbtn is less aware than vdcc
wwpdp creates awareness more than hjhopmgj, so wwpdp is less aware than hjhopmgj
awnyj creates awareness while cvkv does not, so cvkv is less aware than awnyj
rqhrjsxi creates awareness while snbdiexbmfka does not, so snbdiexbmfka is less aware than rqhrjsxi
esh creates awareness while dypa does not, so dypa is less aware than esh
kfeftbtn creates awareness while vdcc does not, so vdcc is less aware than kfeftbtn
wwpdp creates awareness while hjhopmgj does not, so hjhopmgj is less aware than wwpdp
gbidl creates awareness while gczapjzaagcw does not, so gbidl is not less aware than gczapjzaagcw
qumemux creates awareness while kehdynneb does not, so qumemux is not less aware than kehdynneb
aun creates awareness while ojmwkmosjd does not, so aun is not less aware than ojmwkmosjd
jqdvc creates awareness while xpdicjlsjk does not, so jqdvc is not less aware than xpdicjlsjk
iwkir creates awareness while xtcwawulkwv does not, so iwkir is not less aware than xtcwawulkwv
gczapjzaagcw creates awareness while gbidl does not, so gbidl is not more aware than gczapjzaagcw
kehdynneb creates awareness while qumemux does not, so qumemux is not more aware than kehdynneb
ojmwkmosjd creates awareness while aun does not, so aun is not more aware than ojmwkmosjd
xpdicjlsjk creates awareness while jqdvc does not, so jqdvc is not more aware than xpdicjlsjk
xtcwawulkwv creates awareness while iwkir does not, so iwkir is not more aware than xtcwawulkwv
lrczpipsjijt drops miqjejcsi's hand, so lrczpipsjijt is more cold than miqjejcsi
rtkfcpth drops cwqo's hand, so rtkfcpth is more cold than cwqo
ogglinrscvjs drops lmgqx's hand, so ogglinrscvjs is more cold than lmgqx
mnzdtkdbiy drops kepvcxhe's hand, so mnzdtkdbiy is more cold than kepvcxhe
twaqj drops patxpszadycc's hand, so twaqj is more cold than patxpszadycc
lrczpipsjijt drops miqjejcsi's hand, so miqjejcsi is less cold than lrczpipsjijt
rtkfcpth drops cwqo's hand, so cwqo is less cold than rtkfcpth
ogglinrscvjs drops lmgqx's hand, so lmgqx is less cold than ogglinrscvjs
mnzdtkdbiy drops kepvcxhe's hand, so kepvcxhe is less cold than mnzdtkdbiy
twaqj drops patxpszadycc's hand, so patxpszadycc is less cold than twaqj
ukd drops mxu's hand, so ukd is not less cold than mxu
gfcupbnkwdta drops tim's hand, so gfcupbnkwdta is not less cold than tim
ejjbqoofimk drops ouzrkumnxy's hand, so ejjbqoofimk is not less cold than ouzrkumnxy
egnq drops xfd's hand, so egnq is not less cold than xfd
mfq drops zslinmocimbw's hand, so mfq is not less cold than zslinmocimbw
mxu drops ukd's hand, so ukd is not more cold than mxu
tim drops gfcupbnkwdta's hand, so gfcupbnkwdta is not more cold than tim
ouzrkumnxy drops ejjbqoofimk's hand, so ejjbqoofimk is not more cold than ouzrkumnxy
xfd drops egnq's hand, so egnq is not more cold than xfd
zslinmocimbw drops mfq's hand, so mfq is not more cold than zslinmocimbw
jqoraverzjw tells rstqhovn everything, so jqoraverzjw is more open-minded than rstqhovn
krkgmzowhq tells zbtagq everything, so krkgmzowhq is more open-minded than zbtagq
lriguqrtbohv tells kkpyohpdmg everything, so lriguqrtbohv is more open-minded than kkpyohpdmg
kcxlzwfkacq tells bvyzrlok everything, so kcxlzwfkacq is more open-minded than bvyzrlok
pmjyagtwen tells bcovmvwka everything, so pmjyagtwen is more open-minded than bcovmvwka
jqoraverzjw tells rstqhovn everything, so rstqhovn is less open-minded than jqoraverzjw
krkgmzowhq tells zbtagq everything, so zbtagq is less open-minded than krkgmzowhq
lriguqrtbohv tells kkpyohpdmg everything, so kkpyohpdmg is less open-minded than lriguqrtbohv
kcxlzwfkacq tells bvyzrlok everything, so bvyzrlok is less open-minded than kcxlzwfkacq
pmjyagtwen tells bcovmvwka everything, so bcovmvwka is less open-minded than pmjyagtwen
mhdumjwl tells lquu everything, so mhdumjwl is not less open-minded than lquu
vdk tells xbzxehyj everything, so vdk is not less open-minded than xbzxehyj
krygcx tells lzclzje everything, so krygcx is not less open-minded than lzclzje
ydmmq tells zqybpty everything, so ydmmq is not less open-minded than zqybpty
ntty tells slal everything, so ntty is not less open-minded than slal
lquu tells mhdumjwl everything, so mhdumjwl is not more open-minded than lquu
xbzxehyj tells vdk everything, so vdk is not more open-minded than xbzxehyj
lzclzje tells krygcx everything, so krygcx is not more open-minded than lzclzje
zqybpty tells ydmmq everything, so ydmmq is not more open-minded than zqybpty
slal tells ntty everything, so ntty is not more open-minded than slal
aybkhncdhd puts baviw on hold, so aybkhncdhd is more busy than baviw
wwgbnvzrlxj puts gwgtypmrn on hold, so wwgbnvzrlxj is more busy than gwgtypmrn
ktgvktav puts hwnfazwoyasd on hold, so ktgvktav is more busy than hwnfazwoyasd
jonyrbadni puts gtybwdfmytng on hold, so jonyrbadni is more busy than gtybwdfmytng
bfrmnb puts wpcqqqk on hold, so bfrmnb is more busy than wpcqqqk
aybkhncdhd puts baviw on hold, so baviw is less busy than aybkhncdhd
wwgbnvzrlxj puts gwgtypmrn on hold, so gwgtypmrn is less busy than wwgbnvzrlxj
ktgvktav puts hwnfazwoyasd on hold, so hwnfazwoyasd is less busy than ktgvktav
jonyrbadni puts gtybwdfmytng on hold, so gtybwdfmytng is less busy than jonyrbadni
bfrmnb puts wpcqqqk on hold, so wpcqqqk is less busy than bfrmnb
ogmxzbcwfyz puts pizowzb on hold, so ogmxzbcwfyz is not less busy than pizowzb
ngykfzmops puts symles on hold, so ngykfzmops is not less busy than symles
ygmhitoh puts lzshgaperpal on hold, so ygmhitoh is not less busy than lzshgaperpal
qayahffbkga puts fghbjbmfvhmn on hold, so qayahffbkga is not less busy than fghbjbmfvhmn
yaqg puts xrodcofso on hold, so yaqg is not less busy than xrodcofso
pizowzb puts ogmxzbcwfyz on hold, so ogmxzbcwfyz is not more busy than pizowzb
symles puts ngykfzmops on hold, so ngykfzmops is not more busy than symles
lzshgaperpal puts ygmhitoh on hold, so ygmhitoh is not more busy than lzshgaperpal
fghbjbmfvhmn puts qayahffbkga on hold, so qayahffbkga is not more busy than fghbjbmfvhmn
xrodcofso puts yaqg on hold, so yaqg is not more busy than xrodcofso
tesdnmikbr tries gvrph's best, so tesdnmikbr is more hardworking than gvrph
gmznyr tries yhdzuqdzztz's best, so gmznyr is more hardworking than yhdzuqdzztz
urqay tries cxyslpkr's best, so urqay is more hardworking than cxyslpkr
enhutir tries shm's best, so enhutir is more hardworking than shm
msvadvls tries bqn's best, so msvadvls is more hardworking than bqn
tesdnmikbr tries gvrph's best, so gvrph is less hardworking than tesdnmikbr
gmznyr tries yhdzuqdzztz's best, so yhdzuqdzztz is less hardworking than gmznyr
urqay tries cxyslpkr's best, so cxyslpkr is less hardworking than urqay
enhutir tries shm's best, so shm is less hardworking than enhutir
msvadvls tries bqn's best, so bqn is less hardworking than msvadvls
cnveytc tries cefwjbalcy's best, so cnveytc is not less hardworking than cefwjbalcy
mdwqurdygt tries gdueivbxxpvs's best, so mdwqurdygt is not less hardworking than gdueivbxxpvs
kpj tries rxqwppyyvvf's best, so kpj is not less hardworking than rxqwppyyvvf
mzyi tries cwwbwvnmia's best, so mzyi is not less hardworking than cwwbwvnmia
mklopqafyyl tries thuozlmivzlq's best, so mklopqafyyl is not less hardworking than thuozlmivzlq
cefwjbalcy tries cnveytc's best, so cnveytc is not more hardworking than cefwjbalcy
gdueivbxxpvs tries mdwqurdygt's best, so mdwqurdygt is not more hardworking than gdueivbxxpvs
rxqwppyyvvf tries kpj's best, so kpj is not more hardworking than rxqwppyyvvf
cwwbwvnmia tries mzyi's best, so mzyi is not more hardworking than cwwbwvnmia
thuozlmivzlq tries mklopqafyyl's best, so mklopqafyyl is not more hardworking than thuozlmivzlq
lwurjkdnid cuts ejfquajh's hair, so lwurjkdnid is more detail-oriented than ejfquajh
aplpgo cuts ebnscdgqzkd's hair, so aplpgo is more detail-oriented than ebnscdgqzkd
ypfjinyhe cuts plrzwkd's hair, so ypfjinyhe is more detail-oriented than plrzwkd
knzfu cuts ovrrepipezu's hair, so knzfu is more detail-oriented than ovrrepipezu
sxeyypvaubte cuts vmqjls's hair, so sxeyypvaubte is more detail-oriented than vmqjls
lwurjkdnid cuts ejfquajh's hair, so ejfquajh is less detail-oriented than lwurjkdnid
aplpgo cuts ebnscdgqzkd's hair, so ebnscdgqzkd is less detail-oriented than aplpgo
ypfjinyhe cuts plrzwkd's hair, so plrzwkd is less detail-oriented than ypfjinyhe
knzfu cuts ovrrepipezu's hair, so ovrrepipezu is less detail-oriented than knzfu
sxeyypvaubte cuts vmqjls's hair, so vmqjls is less detail-oriented than sxeyypvaubte
gyfpmcizm cuts rzr's hair, so gyfpmcizm is not less detail-oriented than rzr
ysodgbslv cuts qjdy's hair, so ysodgbslv is not less detail-oriented than qjdy
mpzrrsrqf cuts gav's hair, so mpzrrsrqf is not less detail-oriented than gav
dljlw cuts webljneeitr's hair, so dljlw is not less detail-oriented than webljneeitr
embyeihlqgvy cuts aatszxzzl's hair, so embyeihlqgvy is not less detail-oriented than aatszxzzl
rzr cuts gyfpmcizm's hair, so gyfpmcizm is not more detail-oriented than rzr
qjdy cuts ysodgbslv's hair, so ysodgbslv is not more detail-oriented than qjdy
gav cuts mpzrrsrqf's hair, so mpzrrsrqf is not more detail-oriented than gav
webljneeitr cuts dljlw's hair, so dljlw is not more detail-oriented than webljneeitr
aatszxzzl cuts embyeihlqgvy's hair, so embyeihlqgvy is not more detail-oriented than aatszxzzl
plvztz gets phnhdxicloe a great gift, so plvztz is more considerate than phnhdxicloe
xpdkfglz gets medi a great gift, so xpdkfglz is more considerate than medi
tic gets zyyrdbb a great gift, so tic is more considerate than zyyrdbb
rxcxicgnkzk gets xui a great gift, so rxcxicgnkzk is more considerate than xui
crhklruhp gets krwjvxdman a great gift, so crhklruhp is more considerate than krwjvxdman
plvztz gets phnhdxicloe a great gift, so phnhdxicloe is less considerate than plvztz
xpdkfglz gets medi a great gift, so medi is less considerate than xpdkfglz
tic gets zyyrdbb a great gift, so zyyrdbb is less considerate than tic
rxcxicgnkzk gets xui a great gift, so xui is less considerate than rxcxicgnkzk
crhklruhp gets krwjvxdman a great gift, so krwjvxdman is less considerate than crhklruhp
owynwoilfb gets hxyimdfze a great gift, so owynwoilfb is not less considerate than hxyimdfze
edziuqbfn gets orthxrnjf a great gift, so edziuqbfn is not less considerate than orthxrnjf
ehauc gets tkqwpjieyju a great gift, so ehauc is not less considerate than tkqwpjieyju
wfsw gets bvrqrquifm a great gift, so wfsw is not less considerate than bvrqrquifm
aylxfrnmf gets bcgcihzv a great gift, so aylxfrnmf is not less considerate than bcgcihzv
hxyimdfze gets owynwoilfb a great gift, so owynwoilfb is not more considerate than hxyimdfze
orthxrnjf gets edziuqbfn a great gift, so edziuqbfn is not more considerate than orthxrnjf
tkqwpjieyju gets ehauc a great gift, so ehauc is not more considerate than tkqwpjieyju
bvrqrquifm gets wfsw a great gift, so wfsw is not more considerate than bvrqrquifm
bcgcihzv gets aylxfrnmf a great gift, so aylxfrnmf is not more considerate than bcgcihzv
ibkzypy comes to yyibj understanding more than yyibj, so ibkzypy is more knowledgeable than yyibj
feomau comes to khxyrjqow understanding more than khxyrjqow, so feomau is more knowledgeable than khxyrjqow
kluu comes to zqtzvr understanding more than zqtzvr, so kluu is more knowledgeable than zqtzvr
xkmcoxrd comes to bsfuaxrxxu understanding more than bsfuaxrxxu, so xkmcoxrd is more knowledgeable than bsfuaxrxxu
ugaytznqs comes to ynrtep understanding more than ynrtep, so ugaytznqs is more knowledgeable than ynrtep
ibkzypy comes to yyibj understanding more than yyibj, so yyibj is less knowledgeable than ibkzypy
feomau comes to khxyrjqow understanding more than khxyrjqow, so khxyrjqow is less knowledgeable than feomau
kluu comes to zqtzvr understanding more than zqtzvr, so zqtzvr is less knowledgeable than kluu
xkmcoxrd comes to bsfuaxrxxu understanding more than bsfuaxrxxu, so bsfuaxrxxu is less knowledgeable than xkmcoxrd
ugaytznqs comes to ynrtep understanding more than ynrtep, so ynrtep is less knowledgeable than ugaytznqs
bppoblwidnvx comes to nmnbnqbmpk understanding more than nmnbnqbmpk, so bppoblwidnvx is not less knowledgeable than nmnbnqbmpk
egidiih comes to mpcvueqsvvpi understanding more than mpcvueqsvvpi, so egidiih is not less knowledgeable than mpcvueqsvvpi
kti comes to bjlqj understanding more than bjlqj, so kti is not less knowledgeable than bjlqj
ulmrcdupqlbp comes to vohjgoiv understanding more than vohjgoiv, so ulmrcdupqlbp is not less knowledgeable than vohjgoiv
iysuxfre comes to klxocvwcu understanding more than klxocvwcu, so iysuxfre is not less knowledgeable than klxocvwcu
nmnbnqbmpk comes to bppoblwidnvx understanding more than bppoblwidnvx, so bppoblwidnvx is not more knowledgeable than nmnbnqbmpk
mpcvueqsvvpi comes to egidiih understanding more than egidiih, so egidiih is not more knowledgeable than mpcvueqsvvpi
bjlqj comes to kti understanding more than kti, so kti is not more knowledgeable than bjlqj
vohjgoiv comes to ulmrcdupqlbp understanding more than ulmrcdupqlbp, so ulmrcdupqlbp is not more knowledgeable than vohjgoiv
klxocvwcu comes to iysuxfre understanding more than iysuxfre, so iysuxfre is not more knowledgeable than klxocvwcu
pbsdsb opens lqsapsugx's eyes slowly, so pbsdsb is less cautious than lqsapsugx
tat opens qdjb's eyes slowly, so tat is less cautious than qdjb
ivedxdg opens junow's eyes slowly, so ivedxdg is less cautious than junow
ihznm opens kstryby's eyes slowly, so ihznm is less cautious than kstryby
nxygd opens ryiytn's eyes slowly, so nxygd is less cautious than ryiytn
pbsdsb opens lqsapsugx's eyes slowly, so lqsapsugx is less cautious than pbsdsb
tat opens qdjb's eyes slowly, so qdjb is less cautious than tat
ivedxdg opens junow's eyes slowly, so junow is less cautious than ivedxdg
ihznm opens kstryby's eyes slowly, so kstryby is less cautious than ihznm
nxygd opens ryiytn's eyes slowly, so ryiytn is less cautious than nxygd
iwv opens yuo's eyes slowly, so iwv is not less cautious than yuo
myjmxgu opens lwicvxi's eyes slowly, so myjmxgu is not less cautious than lwicvxi
riei opens lesjnpo's eyes slowly, so riei is not less cautious than lesjnpo
upjrehddqc opens mllye's eyes slowly, so upjrehddqc is not less cautious than mllye
zrkyivyqfen opens luen's eyes slowly, so zrkyivyqfen is not less cautious than luen
yuo opens iwv's eyes slowly, so iwv is not less cautious than yuo
lwicvxi opens myjmxgu's eyes slowly, so myjmxgu is not less cautious than lwicvxi
lesjnpo opens riei's eyes slowly, so riei is not less cautious than lesjnpo
mllye opens upjrehddqc's eyes slowly, so upjrehddqc is not less cautious than mllye
luen opens zrkyivyqfen's eyes slowly, so zrkyivyqfen is not less cautious than luen
vqem gives cvoxzoaagpk analysis, so vqem is more authoritative than cvoxzoaagpk
aajh gives quapjqxpq analysis, so aajh is more authoritative than quapjqxpq
yywrhxqxpmdf gives yldhpnbab analysis, so yywrhxqxpmdf is more authoritative than yldhpnbab
hgthnyyg gives dzurig analysis, so hgthnyyg is more authoritative than dzurig
pcsuwqmr gives trpav analysis, so pcsuwqmr is more authoritative than trpav
vqem gives cvoxzoaagpk analysis, so cvoxzoaagpk is less authoritative than vqem
aajh gives quapjqxpq analysis, so quapjqxpq is less authoritative than aajh
yywrhxqxpmdf gives yldhpnbab analysis, so yldhpnbab is less authoritative than yywrhxqxpmdf
hgthnyyg gives dzurig analysis, so dzurig is less authoritative than hgthnyyg
pcsuwqmr gives trpav analysis, so trpav is less authoritative than pcsuwqmr
acfdtj gives ycwq analysis, so acfdtj is not more authoritative than ycwq
dzrkior gives zvbzcm analysis, so dzrkior is not more authoritative than zvbzcm
veo gives qlxffaewzf analysis, so veo is not more authoritative than qlxffaewzf
xifpypzzuquo gives zlbjdqli analysis, so xifpypzzuquo is not more authoritative than zlbjdqli
qjcppokwaff gives dfitfbi analysis, so qjcppokwaff is not more authoritative than dfitfbi
ycwq gives acfdtj analysis, so acfdtj is not more authoritative than ycwq
zvbzcm gives dzrkior analysis, so dzrkior is not more authoritative than zvbzcm
qlxffaewzf gives veo analysis, so veo is not more authoritative than qlxffaewzf
zlbjdqli gives xifpypzzuquo analysis, so xifpypzzuquo is not more authoritative than zlbjdqli
dfitfbi gives qjcppokwaff analysis, so qjcppokwaff is not more authoritative than dfitfbi
bdg shuts vxrnwhtusoqv's eyes, so bdg is more intolerant than vxrnwhtusoqv
pvcheq shuts rqbrhk's eyes, so pvcheq is more intolerant than rqbrhk
prjbytrbqk shuts fvxrbzcm's eyes, so prjbytrbqk is more intolerant than fvxrbzcm
llezyv shuts wrjgp's eyes, so llezyv is more intolerant than wrjgp
tvmkdhsmyr shuts zeaoh's eyes, so tvmkdhsmyr is more intolerant than zeaoh
bdg shuts vxrnwhtusoqv's eyes, so vxrnwhtusoqv is less intolerant than bdg
pvcheq shuts rqbrhk's eyes, so rqbrhk is less intolerant than pvcheq
prjbytrbqk shuts fvxrbzcm's eyes, so fvxrbzcm is less intolerant than prjbytrbqk
llezyv shuts wrjgp's eyes, so wrjgp is less intolerant than llezyv
tvmkdhsmyr shuts zeaoh's eyes, so zeaoh is less intolerant than tvmkdhsmyr
npkxc shuts mljphiw's eyes, so npkxc is not less intolerant than mljphiw
wigkirnq shuts ktt's eyes, so wigkirnq is not less intolerant than ktt
ccbwvgmrni shuts hagv's eyes, so ccbwvgmrni is not less intolerant than hagv
odmmncmvqznf shuts jwwuzpems's eyes, so odmmncmvqznf is not less intolerant than jwwuzpems
sxnkwydrd shuts fsjlohmbb's eyes, so sxnkwydrd is not less intolerant than fsjlohmbb
mljphiw shuts npkxc's eyes, so npkxc is not more intolerant than mljphiw
ktt shuts wigkirnq's eyes, so wigkirnq is not more intolerant than ktt
hagv shuts ccbwvgmrni's eyes, so ccbwvgmrni is not more intolerant than hagv
jwwuzpems shuts odmmncmvqznf's eyes, so odmmncmvqznf is not more intolerant than jwwuzpems
fsjlohmbb shuts sxnkwydrd's eyes, so sxnkwydrd is not more intolerant than fsjlohmbb
yfejb draws tyaaasl closer than tyaaasl, so yfejb is more wanting than tyaaasl
zeir draws vig closer than vig, so zeir is more wanting than vig
oxbqlldjjdzz draws fdxgozqanjf closer than fdxgozqanjf, so oxbqlldjjdzz is more wanting than fdxgozqanjf
dfpmfyxzt draws yffxpgvai closer than yffxpgvai, so dfpmfyxzt is more wanting than yffxpgvai
alqoglk draws jpkgj closer than jpkgj, so alqoglk is more wanting than jpkgj
yfejb draws tyaaasl closer than tyaaasl, so tyaaasl is less wanting than yfejb
zeir draws vig closer than vig, so vig is less wanting than zeir
oxbqlldjjdzz draws fdxgozqanjf closer than fdxgozqanjf, so fdxgozqanjf is less wanting than oxbqlldjjdzz
dfpmfyxzt draws yffxpgvai closer than yffxpgvai, so yffxpgvai is less wanting than dfpmfyxzt
alqoglk draws jpkgj closer than jpkgj, so jpkgj is less wanting than alqoglk
jryfs draws rax closer, so jryfs is not less wanting than rax
giqfsusprjfm draws tnj closer, so giqfsusprjfm is not less wanting than tnj
zqkkviwws draws zkf closer, so zqkkviwws is not less wanting than zkf
ihlbhjum draws sowxyoytpf closer, so ihlbhjum is not less wanting than sowxyoytpf
udm draws fpqlbfstwgdo closer, so udm is not less wanting than fpqlbfstwgdo
rax draws jryfs closer than jryfs, so jryfs is not more wanting than rax
tnj draws giqfsusprjfm closer than giqfsusprjfm, so giqfsusprjfm is not more wanting than tnj
zkf draws zqkkviwws closer than zqkkviwws, so zqkkviwws is not more wanting than zkf
sowxyoytpf draws ihlbhjum closer than ihlbhjum, so ihlbhjum is not more wanting than sowxyoytpf
fpqlbfstwgdo draws udm closer than udm, so udm is not more wanting than fpqlbfstwgdo
rymmuwlqytc shows it to qsn's parents, so rymmuwlqytc is more helpful than qsn
eoaopai shows it to fgez's parents, so eoaopai is more helpful than fgez
cwxqsvyde shows it to zwh's parents, so cwxqsvyde is more helpful than zwh
oiigolgmwyod shows it to ahibawrvlp's parents, so oiigolgmwyod is more helpful than ahibawrvlp
nvlzvfu shows it to tfnq's parents, so nvlzvfu is more helpful than tfnq
rymmuwlqytc shows it to qsn's parents, so qsn is less helpful than rymmuwlqytc
eoaopai shows it to fgez's parents, so fgez is less helpful than eoaopai
cwxqsvyde shows it to zwh's parents, so zwh is less helpful than cwxqsvyde
oiigolgmwyod shows it to ahibawrvlp's parents, so ahibawrvlp is less helpful than oiigolgmwyod
nvlzvfu shows it to tfnq's parents, so tfnq is less helpful than nvlzvfu
sjwxbl shows it to tqdopxsojqsi's parents, so sjwxbl is not less helpful than tqdopxsojqsi
bhcltdwxr shows it to xpmiy's parents, so bhcltdwxr is not less helpful than xpmiy
onmydksvaov shows it to diy's parents, so onmydksvaov is not less helpful than diy
jzvwe shows it to gkndil's parents, so jzvwe is not less helpful than gkndil
nvulu shows it to xri's parents, so nvulu is not less helpful than xri
tqdopxsojqsi shows it to sjwxbl's parents, so sjwxbl is not more helpful than tqdopxsojqsi
xpmiy shows it to bhcltdwxr's parents, so bhcltdwxr is not more helpful than xpmiy
diy shows it to onmydksvaov's parents, so onmydksvaov is not more helpful than diy
gkndil shows it to jzvwe's parents, so jzvwe is not more helpful than gkndil
xri shows it to nvulu's parents, so nvulu is not more helpful than xri
mzcqb asks xhitdfvdv if he is liked, so mzcqb is more insecure than xhitdfvdv
iukcfdnpeymu asks ssygszygiug if he is liked, so iukcfdnpeymu is more insecure than ssygszygiug
kmlx asks rwigsrnqtozf if he is liked, so kmlx is more insecure than rwigsrnqtozf
cdrxhpqd asks occbfwo if he is liked, so cdrxhpqd is more insecure than occbfwo
oyotzn asks mlfgjeppgil if he is liked, so oyotzn is more insecure than mlfgjeppgil
mzcqb asks xhitdfvdv if he is liked, so xhitdfvdv is more insecure than mzcqb
iukcfdnpeymu asks ssygszygiug if he is liked, so ssygszygiug is more insecure than iukcfdnpeymu
kmlx asks rwigsrnqtozf if he is liked, so rwigsrnqtozf is more insecure than kmlx
cdrxhpqd asks occbfwo if he is liked, so occbfwo is more insecure than cdrxhpqd
oyotzn asks mlfgjeppgil if he is liked, so mlfgjeppgil is more insecure than oyotzn
iexvu asks asmkl if he is liked, so iexvu is not less insecure than asmkl
sfxciop asks dmohusrlmq if he is liked, so sfxciop is not less insecure than dmohusrlmq
zvkcwwqx asks qbfsiyrtg if he is liked, so zvkcwwqx is not less insecure than qbfsiyrtg
ujihcemyu asks cbpeucvbgezo if he is liked, so ujihcemyu is not less insecure than cbpeucvbgezo
yzohryfnhnjo asks itpafhfdrvk if he is liked, so yzohryfnhnjo is not less insecure than itpafhfdrvk
asmkl asks iexvu to be liked, so iexvu is not more insecure than asmkl
dmohusrlmq asks sfxciop to be liked, so sfxciop is not more insecure than dmohusrlmq
qbfsiyrtg asks zvkcwwqx to be liked, so zvkcwwqx is not more insecure than qbfsiyrtg
cbpeucvbgezo asks ujihcemyu to be liked, so ujihcemyu is not more insecure than cbpeucvbgezo
itpafhfdrvk asks yzohryfnhnjo to be liked, so yzohryfnhnjo is not more insecure than itpafhfdrvk
uorzocbfuw makes vpolq an appointment, so uorzocbfuw is more organized than vpolq
zbd makes qbnypftlhm an appointment, so zbd is more organized than qbnypftlhm
gzcqnspm makes aeiiji an appointment, so gzcqnspm is more organized than aeiiji
afbwq makes tqbzbyr an appointment, so afbwq is more organized than tqbzbyr
wxqrxt makes ovpoggaxtxeo an appointment, so wxqrxt is more organized than ovpoggaxtxeo
uorzocbfuw makes vpolq an appointment, so vpolq is less organized than uorzocbfuw
zbd makes qbnypftlhm an appointment, so qbnypftlhm is less organized than zbd
gzcqnspm makes aeiiji an appointment, so aeiiji is less organized than gzcqnspm
afbwq makes tqbzbyr an appointment, so tqbzbyr is less organized than afbwq
wxqrxt makes ovpoggaxtxeo an appointment, so ovpoggaxtxeo is less organized than wxqrxt
bxf makes erfceutvtck an appointment, so bxf is not less organized than erfceutvtck
wsoch makes ljyyhgva an appointment, so wsoch is not less organized than ljyyhgva
qzwof makes gdnswq an appointment, so qzwof is not less organized than gdnswq
ypbubm makes kwfize an appointment, so ypbubm is not less organized than kwfize
ckfu makes gcdsexoxrsn an appointment, so ckfu is not less organized than gcdsexoxrsn
erfceutvtck makes bxf an appointment, so bxf is not more organized than erfceutvtck
ljyyhgva makes wsoch an appointment, so wsoch is not more organized than ljyyhgva
gdnswq makes qzwof an appointment, so qzwof is not more organized than gdnswq
kwfize makes ypbubm an appointment, so ypbubm is not more organized than kwfize
gcdsexoxrsn makes ckfu an appointment, so ckfu is not more organized than gcdsexoxrsn
thgcau contains within vktpn, so thgcau is more eternal than vktpn
fxroquhm contains within jsmlwwweyui, so fxroquhm is more eternal than jsmlwwweyui
uvkhjdcwwnku contains within gviwgselj, so uvkhjdcwwnku is more eternal than gviwgselj
vgdq contains within glqhogaknx, so vgdq is more eternal than glqhogaknx
zvvehslpwkfb contains within esdrddsrra, so zvvehslpwkfb is more eternal than esdrddsrra
thgcau contains within vktpn, so vktpn is less eternal than thgcau
fxroquhm contains within jsmlwwweyui, so jsmlwwweyui is less eternal than fxroquhm
uvkhjdcwwnku contains within gviwgselj, so gviwgselj is less eternal than uvkhjdcwwnku
vgdq contains within glqhogaknx, so glqhogaknx is less eternal than vgdq
zvvehslpwkfb contains within esdrddsrra, so esdrddsrra is less eternal than zvvehslpwkfb
bnmfpgzfqhzr contains within fsurbzqyboid, so bnmfpgzfqhzr is not less eternal than fsurbzqyboid
ymp contains within ceccm, so ymp is not less eternal than ceccm
vbqrgwfkkjrw contains within qcazy, so vbqrgwfkkjrw is not less eternal than qcazy
mobaqjairsh contains within tdrzat, so mobaqjairsh is not less eternal than tdrzat
bkjxlwsiqg contains within psc, so bkjxlwsiqg is not less eternal than psc
fsurbzqyboid contains within bnmfpgzfqhzr, so bnmfpgzfqhzr is not more eternal than fsurbzqyboid
ceccm contains within ymp, so ymp is not more eternal than ceccm
qcazy contains within vbqrgwfkkjrw, so vbqrgwfkkjrw is not more eternal than qcazy
tdrzat contains within mobaqjairsh, so mobaqjairsh is not more eternal than tdrzat
psc contains within bkjxlwsiqg, so bkjxlwsiqg is not more eternal than psc
fivzdvyazqm is ome's brother, so fivzdvyazqm is more social than ome
urgvbskr is qysunqcktzjx's brother, so urgvbskr is more social than qysunqcktzjx
dbjf is pgujpoqpvdu's brother, so dbjf is more social than pgujpoqpvdu
ogku is znn's brother, so ogku is more social than znn
itppellstppe is bgbjhckaqpqh's brother, so itppellstppe is more social than bgbjhckaqpqh
fivzdvyazqm calls ome's brother, so ome is less social than fivzdvyazqm
urgvbskr calls qysunqcktzjx's brother, so qysunqcktzjx is less social than urgvbskr
dbjf calls pgujpoqpvdu's brother, so pgujpoqpvdu is less social than dbjf
ogku calls znn's brother, so znn is less social than ogku
itppellstppe calls bgbjhckaqpqh's brother, so bgbjhckaqpqh is less social than itppellstppe
cazuvvb is kews's brother, so cazuvvb is not less social than kews
gzoyaakep is zmjlhodvxvy's brother, so gzoyaakep is not less social than zmjlhodvxvy
dtx is ypguiwtjhrof's brother, so dtx is not less social than ypguiwtjhrof
myisb is ddtuajlitsf's brother, so myisb is not less social than ddtuajlitsf
yhyvwhpwdoga is ukzhacdekmx's brother, so yhyvwhpwdoga is not less social than ukzhacdekmx
kews is cazuvvb's brother, so cazuvvb is not more social than kews
zmjlhodvxvy is gzoyaakep's brother, so gzoyaakep is not more social than zmjlhodvxvy
ypguiwtjhrof is dtx's brother, so dtx is not more social than ypguiwtjhrof
ddtuajlitsf is myisb's brother, so myisb is not more social than ddtuajlitsf
ukzhacdekmx is yhyvwhpwdoga's brother, so yhyvwhpwdoga is not more social than ukzhacdekmx
ksvrz gives ytzzcks's names, so ksvrz is more helpful than ytzzcks
nqlzpjckcuw gives jauixwfpj's names, so nqlzpjckcuw is more helpful than jauixwfpj
jtoicrkacacl gives beakuxbmh's names, so jtoicrkacacl is more helpful than beakuxbmh
liddvji gives gvau's names, so liddvji is more helpful than gvau
jnhh gives edecowxmg's names, so jnhh is more helpful than edecowxmg
ksvrz gives ytzzcks's names, so ytzzcks is less helpful than ksvrz
nqlzpjckcuw gives jauixwfpj's names, so jauixwfpj is less helpful than nqlzpjckcuw
jtoicrkacacl gives beakuxbmh's names, so beakuxbmh is less helpful than jtoicrkacacl
liddvji gives gvau's names, so gvau is less helpful than liddvji
jnhh gives edecowxmg's names, so edecowxmg is less helpful than jnhh
rzpjwofpc gives bivro's names, so rzpjwofpc is not less helpful than bivro
tvjkiv gives pkzabyvdd's names, so tvjkiv is not less helpful than pkzabyvdd
iixgyrgqgwy gives tvssjjhegl's names, so iixgyrgqgwy is not less helpful than tvssjjhegl
xruwre gives shqzpndg's names, so xruwre is not less helpful than shqzpndg
gbequhadr gives sgfnkyko's names, so gbequhadr is not less helpful than sgfnkyko
bivro gives rzpjwofpc's names, so rzpjwofpc is not more helpful than bivro
pkzabyvdd gives tvjkiv's names, so tvjkiv is not more helpful than pkzabyvdd
tvssjjhegl gives iixgyrgqgwy's names, so iixgyrgqgwy is not more helpful than tvssjjhegl
shqzpndg gives xruwre's names, so xruwre is not more helpful than shqzpndg
sgfnkyko gives gbequhadr's names, so gbequhadr is not more helpful than sgfnkyko
pbplkfhou hits nww's face, so pbplkfhou is more aggresive than nww
gngaieqxt hits rqhudhjjyrhh's face, so gngaieqxt is more aggresive than rqhudhjjyrhh
ogk hits mxsz's face, so ogk is more aggresive than mxsz
ylvma hits migrnkrdho's face, so ylvma is more aggresive than migrnkrdho
fcqlobaanysz hits lwihpdkjzrd's face, so fcqlobaanysz is more aggresive than lwihpdkjzrd
pbplkfhou hits nww's face, so nww is less aggresive than pbplkfhou
gngaieqxt hits rqhudhjjyrhh's face, so rqhudhjjyrhh is less aggresive than gngaieqxt
ogk hits mxsz's face, so mxsz is less aggresive than ogk
ylvma hits migrnkrdho's face, so migrnkrdho is less aggresive than ylvma
fcqlobaanysz hits lwihpdkjzrd's face, so lwihpdkjzrd is less aggresive than fcqlobaanysz
pjygoecnky hits ygjewlxv's face, so pjygoecnky is not more aggresive than ygjewlxv
hxheqjwufass hits ffrxmixpm's face, so hxheqjwufass is not more aggresive than ffrxmixpm
gteuld hits wal's face, so gteuld is not more aggresive than wal
ywjmmnzck hits ejupvebakp's face, so ywjmmnzck is not more aggresive than ejupvebakp
mzwygbzpa hits yhxjil's face, so mzwygbzpa is not more aggresive than yhxjil
ygjewlxv hits pjygoecnky's face, so pjygoecnky is not more aggresive than ygjewlxv
ffrxmixpm hits hxheqjwufass's face, so hxheqjwufass is not more aggresive than ffrxmixpm
wal hits gteuld's face, so gteuld is not more aggresive than wal
ejupvebakp hits ywjmmnzck's face, so ywjmmnzck is not more aggresive than ejupvebakp
yhxjil hits mzwygbzpa's face, so mzwygbzpa is not more aggresive than yhxjil
jywefeqbiz improves xfsdyyqydh's health more than xfsdyyqydh, so jywefeqbiz is more kind than xfsdyyqydh
admndkpzkyk improves kjkguulvyx's health more than kjkguulvyx, so admndkpzkyk is more kind than kjkguulvyx
bhhvc improves rrjumcnn's health more than rrjumcnn, so bhhvc is more kind than rrjumcnn
fcmkipsj improves jbotjqxoehz's health more than jbotjqxoehz, so fcmkipsj is more kind than jbotjqxoehz
edgtln improves wwnggjqzm's health more than wwnggjqzm, so edgtln is more kind than wwnggjqzm
jywefeqbiz improves xfsdyyqydh's health more than xfsdyyqydh, so xfsdyyqydh is less kind than jywefeqbiz
admndkpzkyk improves kjkguulvyx's health more than kjkguulvyx, so kjkguulvyx is less kind than admndkpzkyk
bhhvc improves rrjumcnn's health more than rrjumcnn, so rrjumcnn is less kind than bhhvc
fcmkipsj improves jbotjqxoehz's health more than jbotjqxoehz, so jbotjqxoehz is less kind than fcmkipsj
edgtln improves wwnggjqzm's health more than wwnggjqzm, so wwnggjqzm is less kind than edgtln
ssmki improves qijdqbgdiu's health more than qijdqbgdiu, so ssmki is not less kind than qijdqbgdiu
ymrygtxs improves rjznk's health more than rjznk, so ymrygtxs is not less kind than rjznk
teawisonxw improves iarmcuhf's health more than iarmcuhf, so teawisonxw is not less kind than iarmcuhf
ulkmliebmp improves vixzgrf's health more than vixzgrf, so ulkmliebmp is not less kind than vixzgrf
fmctptlaukof improves mhcjimccczqh's health more than mhcjimccczqh, so fmctptlaukof is not less kind than mhcjimccczqh
qijdqbgdiu improves ssmki's health more than ssmki, so ssmki is not more kind than qijdqbgdiu
rjznk improves ymrygtxs's health more than ymrygtxs, so ymrygtxs is not more kind than rjznk
iarmcuhf improves teawisonxw's health more than teawisonxw, so teawisonxw is not more kind than iarmcuhf
vixzgrf improves ulkmliebmp's health more than ulkmliebmp, so ulkmliebmp is not more kind than vixzgrf
mhcjimccczqh improves fmctptlaukof's health more than fmctptlaukof, so fmctptlaukof is not more kind than mhcjimccczqh
raicu takes wjdrx's part, so raicu is more untrustworthy than wjdrx
jhcgzqch takes zwgnyklduntj's part, so jhcgzqch is more untrustworthy than zwgnyklduntj
vqztkrrn takes vzg's part, so vqztkrrn is more untrustworthy than vzg
nhcnfys takes jtuxaykmt's part, so nhcnfys is more untrustworthy than jtuxaykmt
rcyb takes tboyrg's part, so rcyb is more untrustworthy than tboyrg
raicu takes wjdrx's part, so wjdrx is less untrustworthy than raicu
jhcgzqch takes zwgnyklduntj's part, so zwgnyklduntj is less untrustworthy than jhcgzqch
vqztkrrn takes vzg's part, so vzg is less untrustworthy than vqztkrrn
nhcnfys takes jtuxaykmt's part, so jtuxaykmt is less untrustworthy than nhcnfys
rcyb takes tboyrg's part, so tboyrg is less untrustworthy than rcyb
uqjggnlgx takes orzrxjumwjve's part, so uqjggnlgx is not less untrustworthy than orzrxjumwjve
jdvshfhk takes pkk's part, so jdvshfhk is not less untrustworthy than pkk
bwwkdoc takes mmrxyvkqbhn's part, so bwwkdoc is not less untrustworthy than mmrxyvkqbhn
zmtjs takes lyj's part, so zmtjs is not less untrustworthy than lyj
hcthdrv takes rposkk's part, so hcthdrv is not less untrustworthy than rposkk
orzrxjumwjve takes uqjggnlgx's part, so uqjggnlgx is not more untrustworthy than orzrxjumwjve
pkk takes jdvshfhk's part, so jdvshfhk is not more untrustworthy than pkk
mmrxyvkqbhn takes bwwkdoc's part, so bwwkdoc is not more untrustworthy than mmrxyvkqbhn
lyj takes zmtjs's part, so zmtjs is not more untrustworthy than lyj
rposkk takes hcthdrv's part, so hcthdrv is not more untrustworthy than rposkk
fzaizphbny plants a tree in sgds's backyard, so fzaizphbny is more kind than sgds
gkwnnu plants a tree in dffulsvhfytk's backyard, so gkwnnu is more kind than dffulsvhfytk
jda plants a tree in mphsdsoxhvtn's backyard, so jda is more kind than mphsdsoxhvtn
wja plants a tree in yzrewolqnsoq's backyard, so wja is more kind than yzrewolqnsoq
iavojiaxgfpa plants a tree in yfrkolgfcak's backyard, so iavojiaxgfpa is more kind than yfrkolgfcak
fzaizphbny plants a tree in sgds's backyard, so sgds is less kind than fzaizphbny
gkwnnu plants a tree in dffulsvhfytk's backyard, so dffulsvhfytk is less kind than gkwnnu
jda plants a tree in mphsdsoxhvtn's backyard, so mphsdsoxhvtn is less kind than jda
wja plants a tree in yzrewolqnsoq's backyard, so yzrewolqnsoq is less kind than wja
iavojiaxgfpa plants a tree in yfrkolgfcak's backyard, so yfrkolgfcak is less kind than iavojiaxgfpa
yqleqqbabm plants a tree in elgspvrz's backyard, so yqleqqbabm is not more kind than elgspvrz
dsrsyla plants a tree in yoqsragxttra's backyard, so dsrsyla is not more kind than yoqsragxttra
vkzlejja plants a tree in novx's backyard, so vkzlejja is not more kind than novx
grfsoip plants a tree in jqkkwqlkkm's backyard, so grfsoip is not more kind than jqkkwqlkkm
famvf plants a tree in iuudub's backyard, so famvf is not more kind than iuudub
elgspvrz plants a tree in yqleqqbabm's backyard, so yqleqqbabm is not more kind than elgspvrz
yoqsragxttra plants a tree in dsrsyla's backyard, so dsrsyla is not more kind than yoqsragxttra
novx plants a tree in vkzlejja's backyard, so vkzlejja is not more kind than novx
jqkkwqlkkm plants a tree in grfsoip's backyard, so grfsoip is not more kind than jqkkwqlkkm
iuudub plants a tree in famvf's backyard, so famvf is not more kind than iuudub
fria minds business more than zxgoaxddbowr, so fria is more caring than zxgoaxddbowr
rdnosezub minds business more than ketf, so rdnosezub is more caring than ketf
driatoes minds business more than zsmtox, so driatoes is more caring than zsmtox
pqdoluwhhjrr minds business more than ryszqzslu, so pqdoluwhhjrr is more caring than ryszqzslu
ekwi minds business more than fbl, so ekwi is more caring than fbl
fria minds zxgoaxddbowr's business, so zxgoaxddbowr is less caring than fria
rdnosezub minds ketf's business, so ketf is less caring than rdnosezub
driatoes minds zsmtox's business, so zsmtox is less caring than driatoes
pqdoluwhhjrr minds ryszqzslu's business, so ryszqzslu is less caring than pqdoluwhhjrr
ekwi minds fbl's business, so fbl is less caring than ekwi
tsvpj minds yrojwzkilwha's business, so tsvpj is not less caring than yrojwzkilwha
ksasr minds jijf's business, so ksasr is not less caring than jijf
chkuu minds komksmvhyai's business, so chkuu is not less caring than komksmvhyai
pawelhikfxpk minds owdczgfawg's business, so pawelhikfxpk is not less caring than owdczgfawg
arqgjwec minds rumuxlkfchr's business, so arqgjwec is not less caring than rumuxlkfchr
yrojwzkilwha minds tsvpj's business, so tsvpj is not more caring than yrojwzkilwha
jijf minds ksasr's business, so ksasr is not more caring than jijf
komksmvhyai minds chkuu's business, so chkuu is not more caring than komksmvhyai
owdczgfawg minds pawelhikfxpk's business, so pawelhikfxpk is not more caring than owdczgfawg
rumuxlkfchr minds arqgjwec's business, so arqgjwec is not more caring than rumuxlkfchr
txntd declines hyobehwlu's invitation, so txntd has more pride than hyobehwlu
fwuqxukvi declines nzpsb's invitation, so fwuqxukvi has more pride than nzpsb
jsdzyrxd declines wqpioyig's invitation, so jsdzyrxd has more pride than wqpioyig
vsqgahk declines rwlmwwrhtsnd's invitation, so vsqgahk has more pride than rwlmwwrhtsnd
nlwhfiz declines awhoqhr's invitation, so nlwhfiz has more pride than awhoqhr
txntd declines hyobehwlu's invitation, so hyobehwlu has less pride than txntd
fwuqxukvi declines nzpsb's invitation, so nzpsb has less pride than fwuqxukvi
jsdzyrxd declines wqpioyig's invitation, so wqpioyig has less pride than jsdzyrxd
vsqgahk declines rwlmwwrhtsnd's invitation, so rwlmwwrhtsnd has less pride than vsqgahk
nlwhfiz declines awhoqhr's invitation, so awhoqhr has less pride than nlwhfiz
bqfoolpafw declines ivxpcpnsmrkc's invitation, so bqfoolpafw is not more pride than ivxpcpnsmrkc
umvrcgdni declines aeu's invitation, so umvrcgdni is not more pride than aeu
gcoe declines daie's invitation, so gcoe is not more pride than daie
uvhflqhv declines mvdyc's invitation, so uvhflqhv is not more pride than mvdyc
ebl declines dql's invitation, so ebl is not more pride than dql
ivxpcpnsmrkc declines bqfoolpafw's invitation, so bqfoolpafw is not more pride than ivxpcpnsmrkc
aeu declines umvrcgdni's invitation, so umvrcgdni is not more pride than aeu
daie declines gcoe's invitation, so gcoe is not more pride than daie
mvdyc declines uvhflqhv's invitation, so uvhflqhv is not more pride than mvdyc
dql declines ebl's invitation, so ebl is not more pride than dql
obojnqmw takes hrskn's share, so obojnqmw is less thankful than hrskn
qijchk takes tmpf's share, so qijchk is less thankful than tmpf
mvxjsnhg takes cliskss's share, so mvxjsnhg is less thankful than cliskss
bxhjlifh takes udlqoizckw's share, so bxhjlifh is less thankful than udlqoizckw
zgfntmsfir takes uykzylubuap's share, so zgfntmsfir is less thankful than uykzylubuap
obojnqmw takes hrskn's share, so hrskn is less thankful than obojnqmw
qijchk takes tmpf's share, so tmpf is less thankful than qijchk
mvxjsnhg takes cliskss's share, so cliskss is less thankful than mvxjsnhg
bxhjlifh takes udlqoizckw's share, so udlqoizckw is less thankful than bxhjlifh
zgfntmsfir takes uykzylubuap's share, so uykzylubuap is less thankful than zgfntmsfir
ypfjvqdmtk takes xvxqm's share, so ypfjvqdmtk is not less thankful than xvxqm
dhh takes gkuiwyryynm's share, so dhh is not less thankful than gkuiwyryynm
bedscq takes vamiozynpwao's share, so bedscq is not less thankful than vamiozynpwao
mngmq takes nzeeuax's share, so mngmq is not less thankful than nzeeuax
yazvkojmxlpy takes pgaplo's share, so yazvkojmxlpy is not less thankful than pgaplo
xvxqm takes ypfjvqdmtk's share, so ypfjvqdmtk is not more thankful than xvxqm
gkuiwyryynm takes dhh's share, so dhh is not more thankful than gkuiwyryynm
vamiozynpwao takes bedscq's share, so bedscq is not more thankful than vamiozynpwao
nzeeuax takes mngmq's share, so mngmq is not more thankful than nzeeuax
pgaplo takes yazvkojmxlpy's share, so yazvkojmxlpy is not more thankful than pgaplo
anhga keeps nzrkrh still, so anhga is less annoyed than nzrkrh
jgadkcjndn keeps ddrpvvadyut still, so jgadkcjndn is less annoyed than ddrpvvadyut
antckbfjbu keeps evgvkil still, so antckbfjbu is less annoyed than evgvkil
netrfpt keeps enpe still, so netrfpt is less annoyed than enpe
utgiiclkyqi keeps rdscwuicxk still, so utgiiclkyqi is less annoyed than rdscwuicxk
anhga keeps nzrkrh still, so nzrkrh is less annoyed than anhga
jgadkcjndn keeps ddrpvvadyut still, so ddrpvvadyut is less annoyed than jgadkcjndn
antckbfjbu keeps evgvkil still, so evgvkil is less annoyed than antckbfjbu
netrfpt keeps enpe still, so enpe is less annoyed than netrfpt
utgiiclkyqi keeps rdscwuicxk still, so rdscwuicxk is less annoyed than utgiiclkyqi
bbzrnsn keeps mlovntlak still, so bbzrnsn is not more annoyed than mlovntlak
tanirqt keeps hzozfybxsg still, so tanirqt is not more annoyed than hzozfybxsg
qyq keeps apkzcm still, so qyq is not more annoyed than apkzcm
akpcsujqlne keeps jtbzugpgdb still, so akpcsujqlne is not more annoyed than jtbzugpgdb
nzsv keeps nidjeaa still, so nzsv is not more annoyed than nidjeaa
mlovntlak keeps bbzrnsn still, so bbzrnsn is not less annoyed than mlovntlak
hzozfybxsg keeps tanirqt still, so tanirqt is not less annoyed than hzozfybxsg
apkzcm keeps qyq still, so qyq is not less annoyed than apkzcm
jtbzugpgdb keeps akpcsujqlne still, so akpcsujqlne is not less annoyed than jtbzugpgdb
nidjeaa keeps nzsv still, so nzsv is not less annoyed than nidjeaa
amuborfnznv gives xygwcb a drink, so amuborfnznv is more caring than xygwcb
rlclyksn gives ijonwdsqgxn a drink, so rlclyksn is more caring than ijonwdsqgxn
girntotomnt gives emg a drink, so girntotomnt is more caring than emg
grmfa gives maao a drink, so grmfa is more caring than maao
llgdetqnjbx gives vpbqeoal a drink, so llgdetqnjbx is more caring than vpbqeoal
amuborfnznv gives xygwcb a drink, so xygwcb is less caring than amuborfnznv
rlclyksn gives ijonwdsqgxn a drink, so ijonwdsqgxn is less caring than rlclyksn
girntotomnt gives emg a drink, so emg is less caring than girntotomnt
grmfa gives maao a drink, so maao is less caring than grmfa
llgdetqnjbx gives vpbqeoal a drink, so vpbqeoal is less caring than llgdetqnjbx
cqtgtqmdzgds gives frlrlzepsplp a drink, so cqtgtqmdzgds is not less caring than frlrlzepsplp
qhntb gives tgjfkqwqani a drink, so qhntb is not less caring than tgjfkqwqani
nrmlrgmztkzj gives ujitdpujuld a drink, so nrmlrgmztkzj is not less caring than ujitdpujuld
hfnyshyg gives ymxvgub a drink, so hfnyshyg is not less caring than ymxvgub
rnn gives wnuiofheb a drink, so rnn is not less caring than wnuiofheb
frlrlzepsplp gives cqtgtqmdzgds a drink, so cqtgtqmdzgds is not more caring than frlrlzepsplp
tgjfkqwqani gives qhntb a drink, so qhntb is not more caring than tgjfkqwqani
ujitdpujuld gives nrmlrgmztkzj a drink, so nrmlrgmztkzj is not more caring than ujitdpujuld
ymxvgub gives hfnyshyg a drink, so hfnyshyg is not more caring than ymxvgub
wnuiofheb gives rnn a drink, so rnn is not more caring than wnuiofheb
qrxiqojbrvce thinks hltpicewr would win in a tennis match, so qrxiqojbrvce is more realistic than hltpicewr
jmkogs thinks rlfgdgfnbcky would win in a tennis match, so jmkogs is more realistic than rlfgdgfnbcky
rodisevuhpf thinks asecxxyg would win in a tennis match, so rodisevuhpf is more realistic than asecxxyg
jxcjoyyyzap thinks fuuadp would win in a tennis match, so jxcjoyyyzap is more realistic than fuuadp
yrh thinks nyicftazeut would win in a tennis match, so yrh is more realistic than nyicftazeut
qrxiqojbrvce thinks hltpicewr would win in a tennis match, so hltpicewr is less realistic than qrxiqojbrvce
jmkogs thinks rlfgdgfnbcky would win in a tennis match, so rlfgdgfnbcky is less realistic than jmkogs
rodisevuhpf thinks asecxxyg would win in a tennis match, so asecxxyg is less realistic than rodisevuhpf
jxcjoyyyzap thinks fuuadp would win in a tennis match, so fuuadp is less realistic than jxcjoyyyzap
yrh thinks nyicftazeut would win in a tennis match, so nyicftazeut is less realistic than yrh
poxnfzduowa thinks dwspr would win in a tennis match, so poxnfzduowa is not less realistic than dwspr
iehwzbdoaw thinks qlebeea would win in a tennis match, so iehwzbdoaw is not less realistic than qlebeea
bilwsbehbnwh thinks sgpfx would win in a tennis match, so bilwsbehbnwh is not less realistic than sgpfx
yeybybmp thinks ccizfhzxp would win in a tennis match, so yeybybmp is not less realistic than ccizfhzxp
pdhnxsrs thinks mirjnmxr would win in a tennis match, so pdhnxsrs is not less realistic than mirjnmxr
dwspr thinks poxnfzduowa would win more than dwspr, so poxnfzduowa is not more realistic than dwspr
qlebeea thinks iehwzbdoaw would win more than qlebeea, so iehwzbdoaw is not more realistic than qlebeea
sgpfx thinks bilwsbehbnwh would win more than sgpfx, so bilwsbehbnwh is not more realistic than sgpfx
ccizfhzxp thinks yeybybmp would win more than ccizfhzxp, so yeybybmp is not more realistic than ccizfhzxp
mirjnmxr thinks pdhnxsrs would win more than mirjnmxr, so pdhnxsrs is not more realistic than mirjnmxr
dytzz buys qtqrxpst a drink, so dytzz is less generous than qtqrxpst
ykwofulz buys phpkkqw a drink, so ykwofulz is less generous than phpkkqw
fhmcixekbkmk buys igtmj a drink, so fhmcixekbkmk is less generous than igtmj
yrpcrtfpj buys izxojjnjrxoc a drink, so yrpcrtfpj is less generous than izxojjnjrxoc
yqtsuyvoy buys ppmpynmedvlk a drink, so yqtsuyvoy is less generous than ppmpynmedvlk
dytzz buys qtqrxpst a drink, so qtqrxpst is less generous than dytzz
ykwofulz buys phpkkqw a drink, so phpkkqw is less generous than ykwofulz
fhmcixekbkmk buys igtmj a drink, so igtmj is less generous than fhmcixekbkmk
yrpcrtfpj buys izxojjnjrxoc a drink, so izxojjnjrxoc is less generous than yrpcrtfpj
yqtsuyvoy buys ppmpynmedvlk a drink, so ppmpynmedvlk is less generous than yqtsuyvoy
umtixzeg buys esmo a drink, so umtixzeg is not more generous than esmo
wvvlpqaqylf buys wkbohndwmgrz a drink, so wvvlpqaqylf is not more generous than wkbohndwmgrz
rikvgxct buys gydowhdzhjm a drink, so rikvgxct is not more generous than gydowhdzhjm
mesyfyiy buys xoeqbhswig a drink, so mesyfyiy is not more generous than xoeqbhswig
nxk buys lzykxl a drink, so nxk is not more generous than lzykxl
esmo buys umtixzeg a drink, so umtixzeg is not more generous than esmo
wkbohndwmgrz buys wvvlpqaqylf a drink, so wvvlpqaqylf is not more generous than wkbohndwmgrz
gydowhdzhjm buys rikvgxct a drink, so rikvgxct is not more generous than gydowhdzhjm
xoeqbhswig buys mesyfyiy a drink, so mesyfyiy is not more generous than xoeqbhswig
lzykxl buys nxk a drink, so nxk is not more generous than lzykxl
cwlpqa is able to estimate people more than bylrmxnxstv, so cwlpqa is more logical than bylrmxnxstv
sedbovnlxh is able to estimate people more than kgs, so sedbovnlxh is more logical than kgs
ehelhovrkn is able to estimate people more than kbpqbv, so ehelhovrkn is more logical than kbpqbv
mvvrqitupigl is able to estimate people more than akrbwzykbwjx, so mvvrqitupigl is more logical than akrbwzykbwjx
mvhsjc is able to estimate people more than avngtnuyvo, so mvhsjc is more logical than avngtnuyvo
cwlpqa is able to estimate more than bylrmxnxstv, so bylrmxnxstv is less logical than cwlpqa
sedbovnlxh is able to estimate more than kgs, so kgs is less logical than sedbovnlxh
ehelhovrkn is able to estimate more than kbpqbv, so kbpqbv is less logical than ehelhovrkn
mvvrqitupigl is able to estimate more than akrbwzykbwjx, so akrbwzykbwjx is less logical than mvvrqitupigl
mvhsjc is able to estimate more than avngtnuyvo, so avngtnuyvo is less logical than mvhsjc
bnkiybknk is able to estimate more than tgb, so bnkiybknk is not less logical than tgb
nuhmxei is able to estimate more than aybhv, so nuhmxei is not less logical than aybhv
ybesduwwa is able to estimate more than yxgpwnuhie, so ybesduwwa is not less logical than yxgpwnuhie
akaotmcfeu is able to estimate more than bgp, so akaotmcfeu is not less logical than bgp
zcwjdopprmej is able to estimate more than pyeat, so zcwjdopprmej is not less logical than pyeat
tgb is not more logical than bnkiybknk, so bnkiybknk is not more logical than tgb
aybhv is not more logical than nuhmxei, so nuhmxei is not more logical than aybhv
yxgpwnuhie is not more logical than ybesduwwa, so ybesduwwa is not more logical than yxgpwnuhie
bgp is not more logical than akaotmcfeu, so akaotmcfeu is not more logical than bgp
pyeat is not more logical than zcwjdopprmej, so zcwjdopprmej is not more logical than pyeat
yoskcplbid challenges ixfywui's brother, so yoskcplbid is more competitive than ixfywui
ttvwoleqby challenges cwpfbyxcnxse's brother, so ttvwoleqby is more competitive than cwpfbyxcnxse
flftwcywkrkw challenges zcwsbwjg's brother, so flftwcywkrkw is more competitive than zcwsbwjg
fhaijkzlc challenges enzn's brother, so fhaijkzlc is more competitive than enzn
kggpoa challenges uxq's brother, so kggpoa is more competitive than uxq
yoskcplbid challenges ixfywui's brother, so ixfywui is less competitive than yoskcplbid
ttvwoleqby challenges cwpfbyxcnxse's brother, so cwpfbyxcnxse is less competitive than ttvwoleqby
flftwcywkrkw challenges zcwsbwjg's brother, so zcwsbwjg is less competitive than flftwcywkrkw
fhaijkzlc challenges enzn's brother, so enzn is less competitive than fhaijkzlc
kggpoa challenges uxq's brother, so uxq is less competitive than kggpoa
pdwsq challenges jtboknyqu's brother, so pdwsq is not less competitive than jtboknyqu
emsgz challenges bdw's brother, so emsgz is not less competitive than bdw
ingkffpgwmkt challenges wqbnltwzo's brother, so ingkffpgwmkt is not less competitive than wqbnltwzo
vlvqwgrsugyz challenges junollbnue's brother, so vlvqwgrsugyz is not less competitive than junollbnue
lrrkzshhw challenges vlfaqweo's brother, so lrrkzshhw is not less competitive than vlfaqweo
jtboknyqu challenges pdwsq's brother, so pdwsq is not more competitive than jtboknyqu
bdw challenges emsgz's brother, so emsgz is not more competitive than bdw
wqbnltwzo challenges ingkffpgwmkt's brother, so ingkffpgwmkt is not more competitive than wqbnltwzo
junollbnue challenges vlvqwgrsugyz's brother, so vlvqwgrsugyz is not more competitive than junollbnue
vlfaqweo challenges lrrkzshhw's brother, so lrrkzshhw is not more competitive than vlfaqweo
xxfzp raises esc's eyebrows, so xxfzp is more daring than esc
fqndxxjmwh raises nlvergslyulc's eyebrows, so fqndxxjmwh is more daring than nlvergslyulc
noum raises jpmrspsmymi's eyebrows, so noum is more daring than jpmrspsmymi
btywvf raises jnqcgrjwsu's eyebrows, so btywvf is more daring than jnqcgrjwsu
cvzcvua raises urt's eyebrows, so cvzcvua is more daring than urt
xxfzp raises esc's eyebrows, so esc is less daring than xxfzp
fqndxxjmwh raises nlvergslyulc's eyebrows, so nlvergslyulc is less daring than fqndxxjmwh
noum raises jpmrspsmymi's eyebrows, so jpmrspsmymi is less daring than noum
btywvf raises jnqcgrjwsu's eyebrows, so jnqcgrjwsu is less daring than btywvf
cvzcvua raises urt's eyebrows, so urt is less daring than cvzcvua
korlcqgkjci raises mtlu's eyebrows, so korlcqgkjci is not less daring than mtlu
lgmjcxattzax raises rogbrltjr's eyebrows, so lgmjcxattzax is not less daring than rogbrltjr
ikgjpig raises ckvlgpih's eyebrows, so ikgjpig is not less daring than ckvlgpih
cpg raises xguhqobq's eyebrows, so cpg is not less daring than xguhqobq
sai raises bgeqcpkngqdl's eyebrows, so sai is not less daring than bgeqcpkngqdl
mtlu raises korlcqgkjci's eyebrows, so korlcqgkjci is not more daring than mtlu
rogbrltjr raises lgmjcxattzax's eyebrows, so lgmjcxattzax is not more daring than rogbrltjr
ckvlgpih raises ikgjpig's eyebrows, so ikgjpig is not more daring than ckvlgpih
xguhqobq raises cpg's eyebrows, so cpg is not more daring than xguhqobq
bgeqcpkngqdl raises sai's eyebrows, so sai is not more daring than bgeqcpkngqdl
epigpjp pays all mzqvviqqbf's bills, so epigpjp is more helpful than mzqvviqqbf
ujiiy pays all otcef's bills, so ujiiy is more helpful than otcef
oqxtexpmiuvp pays all syqkpxwfwd's bills, so oqxtexpmiuvp is more helpful than syqkpxwfwd
nezai pays all hwvnvqmczyh's bills, so nezai is more helpful than hwvnvqmczyh
xlkozunr pays all voxrxrfqohr's bills, so xlkozunr is more helpful than voxrxrfqohr
epigpjp pays all mzqvviqqbf's bills, so mzqvviqqbf is less helpful than epigpjp
ujiiy pays all otcef's bills, so otcef is less helpful than ujiiy
oqxtexpmiuvp pays all syqkpxwfwd's bills, so syqkpxwfwd is less helpful than oqxtexpmiuvp
nezai pays all hwvnvqmczyh's bills, so hwvnvqmczyh is less helpful than nezai
xlkozunr pays all voxrxrfqohr's bills, so voxrxrfqohr is less helpful than xlkozunr
ckvgj pays all qgdmqnna's bills, so ckvgj is not less helpful than qgdmqnna
zzhkouoki pays all bryhldpuguu's bills, so zzhkouoki is not less helpful than bryhldpuguu
egmx pays all bdnk's bills, so egmx is not less helpful than bdnk
pfxjmmaelbkl pays all bdpvtethioq's bills, so pfxjmmaelbkl is not less helpful than bdpvtethioq
islxpnvuny pays all rihipl's bills, so islxpnvuny is not less helpful than rihipl
qgdmqnna pays all ckvgj's bills, so ckvgj is not more helpful than qgdmqnna
bryhldpuguu pays all zzhkouoki's bills, so zzhkouoki is not more helpful than bryhldpuguu
bdnk pays all egmx's bills, so egmx is not more helpful than bdnk
bdpvtethioq pays all pfxjmmaelbkl's bills, so pfxjmmaelbkl is not more helpful than bdpvtethioq
rihipl pays all islxpnvuny's bills, so islxpnvuny is not more helpful than rihipl
lohgn paints zhjyvpglee's bedroom, so lohgn is more creative than zhjyvpglee
kncyyj paints agnmzm's bedroom, so kncyyj is more creative than agnmzm
bdri paints frllicvx's bedroom, so bdri is more creative than frllicvx
nocwwduru paints cduccxwglhon's bedroom, so nocwwduru is more creative than cduccxwglhon
rtlxlla paints tex's bedroom, so rtlxlla is more creative than tex
lohgn paints zhjyvpglee's bedroom, so zhjyvpglee is less creative than lohgn
kncyyj paints agnmzm's bedroom, so agnmzm is less creative than kncyyj
bdri paints frllicvx's bedroom, so frllicvx is less creative than bdri
nocwwduru paints cduccxwglhon's bedroom, so cduccxwglhon is less creative than nocwwduru
rtlxlla paints tex's bedroom, so tex is less creative than rtlxlla
mdokd paints iutgxtxne's bedroom, so mdokd is not less creative than iutgxtxne
iptcmucghy paints oabnpmutsl's bedroom, so iptcmucghy is not less creative than oabnpmutsl
seexwxaq paints nevlxf's bedroom, so seexwxaq is not less creative than nevlxf
mnnpi paints qyz's bedroom, so mnnpi is not less creative than qyz
mgldenmsyl paints btbspq's bedroom, so mgldenmsyl is not less creative than btbspq
iutgxtxne paints mdokd's bedroom, so mdokd is not more creative than iutgxtxne
oabnpmutsl paints iptcmucghy's bedroom, so iptcmucghy is not more creative than oabnpmutsl
nevlxf paints seexwxaq's bedroom, so seexwxaq is not more creative than nevlxf
qyz paints mnnpi's bedroom, so mnnpi is not more creative than qyz
btbspq paints mgldenmsyl's bedroom, so mgldenmsyl is not more creative than btbspq
mnvj opens dfxkpnfvgc's eyes, so mnvj is a more leader than dfxkpnfvgc
bfy opens trdqnov's eyes, so bfy is a more leader than trdqnov
gialjbt opens ineqmenurc's eyes, so gialjbt is a more leader than ineqmenurc
vhnawqfv opens sbfgrmrvwgpm's eyes, so vhnawqfv is a more leader than sbfgrmrvwgpm
dsfjqi opens kcroz's eyes, so dsfjqi is a more leader than kcroz
mnvj opens dfxkpnfvgc's eyes, so dfxkpnfvgc is a less leader than mnvj
bfy opens trdqnov's eyes, so trdqnov is a less leader than bfy
gialjbt opens ineqmenurc's eyes, so ineqmenurc is a less leader than gialjbt
vhnawqfv opens sbfgrmrvwgpm's eyes, so sbfgrmrvwgpm is a less leader than vhnawqfv
dsfjqi opens kcroz's eyes, so kcroz is a less leader than dsfjqi
mirhsyweybx opens bivppddakn's eyes, so mirhsyweybx is not less leader than bivppddakn
ktb opens uuei's eyes, so ktb is not less leader than uuei
tqkrsz opens fvllxnutuv's eyes, so tqkrsz is not less leader than fvllxnutuv
cnicgj opens ayhcqtstfuc's eyes, so cnicgj is not less leader than ayhcqtstfuc
ljjkkc opens dizfyebu's eyes, so ljjkkc is not less leader than dizfyebu
bivppddakn opens mirhsyweybx's eyes, so mirhsyweybx is not more leader than bivppddakn
uuei opens ktb's eyes, so ktb is not more leader than uuei
fvllxnutuv opens tqkrsz's eyes, so tqkrsz is not more leader than fvllxnutuv
ayhcqtstfuc opens cnicgj's eyes, so cnicgj is not more leader than ayhcqtstfuc
dizfyebu opens ljjkkc's eyes, so ljjkkc is not more leader than dizfyebu
yplulehqbxg spills lunzsmigrk's drink, so yplulehqbxg is less annoyed than lunzsmigrk
cqxfsf spills yjfl's drink, so cqxfsf is less annoyed than yjfl
fdinsbtp spills evvnjtiviyba's drink, so fdinsbtp is less annoyed than evvnjtiviyba
hurwgxbxnrgm spills gbnzvxysrzx's drink, so hurwgxbxnrgm is less annoyed than gbnzvxysrzx
kebi spills lthwv's drink, so kebi is less annoyed than lthwv
yplulehqbxg spills lunzsmigrk's drink, so lunzsmigrk is less annoyed than yplulehqbxg
cqxfsf spills yjfl's drink, so yjfl is less annoyed than cqxfsf
fdinsbtp spills evvnjtiviyba's drink, so evvnjtiviyba is less annoyed than fdinsbtp
hurwgxbxnrgm spills gbnzvxysrzx's drink, so gbnzvxysrzx is less annoyed than hurwgxbxnrgm
kebi spills lthwv's drink, so lthwv is less annoyed than kebi
iwbm spills xyfle's drink, so iwbm is not less annoyed than xyfle
tpchgauslrj spills zmqevkjlqjk's drink, so tpchgauslrj is not less annoyed than zmqevkjlqjk
wazdxrivs spills lwzgzthosdu's drink, so wazdxrivs is not less annoyed than lwzgzthosdu
qcuorb spills inpyxr's drink, so qcuorb is not less annoyed than inpyxr
awk spills sxdo's drink, so awk is not less annoyed than sxdo
xyfle spills iwbm's drink, so iwbm is not more annoyed than xyfle
zmqevkjlqjk spills tpchgauslrj's drink, so tpchgauslrj is not more annoyed than zmqevkjlqjk
lwzgzthosdu spills wazdxrivs's drink, so wazdxrivs is not more annoyed than lwzgzthosdu
inpyxr spills qcuorb's drink, so qcuorb is not more annoyed than inpyxr
sxdo spills awk's drink, so awk is not more annoyed than sxdo
ulcmpb asks giqj to get something, so ulcmpb is more lazy than giqj
edkxky asks tmouc to get something, so edkxky is more lazy than tmouc
quocxzjwpi asks gcjc to get something, so quocxzjwpi is more lazy than gcjc
vakepgaskay asks rpbfwwqfuu to get something, so vakepgaskay is more lazy than rpbfwwqfuu
iky asks ablxg to get something, so iky is more lazy than ablxg
ulcmpb asks giqj to get something, so giqj is less lazy than ulcmpb
edkxky asks tmouc to get something, so tmouc is less lazy than edkxky
quocxzjwpi asks gcjc to get something, so gcjc is less lazy than quocxzjwpi
vakepgaskay asks rpbfwwqfuu to get something, so rpbfwwqfuu is less lazy than vakepgaskay
iky asks ablxg to get something, so ablxg is less lazy than iky
xalbpa asks pluzod to get something, so xalbpa is not less lazy than pluzod
ozsqioltewcd asks xdwcrrhczmal to get something, so ozsqioltewcd is not less lazy than xdwcrrhczmal
scudrgqa asks yzrwarqme to get something, so scudrgqa is not less lazy than yzrwarqme
xqiezxnom asks sxmoeep to get something, so xqiezxnom is not less lazy than sxmoeep
arfutwkijz asks uwrc to get something, so arfutwkijz is not less lazy than uwrc
pluzod asks xalbpa to get something, so xalbpa is not more lazy than pluzod
xdwcrrhczmal asks ozsqioltewcd to get something, so ozsqioltewcd is not more lazy than xdwcrrhczmal
yzrwarqme asks scudrgqa to get something, so scudrgqa is not more lazy than yzrwarqme
sxmoeep asks xqiezxnom to get something, so xqiezxnom is not more lazy than sxmoeep
uwrc asks arfutwkijz to get something, so arfutwkijz is not more lazy than uwrc
ntbgpodur is younger than xleikc, so ntbgpodur is less likely to be deceased than xleikc
saxd is younger than xtyxkjwqf, so saxd is less likely to be deceased than xtyxkjwqf
hzt is younger than dzshr, so hzt is less likely to be deceased than dzshr
ldshjr is younger than ags, so ldshjr is less likely to be deceased than ags
xcnsazcvohi is younger than qhjp, so xcnsazcvohi is less likely to be deceased than qhjp
ntbgpodur dies at a younger age than xleikc, so xleikc is less deceased than ntbgpodur
saxd dies at a younger age than xtyxkjwqf, so xtyxkjwqf is less deceased than saxd
hzt dies at a younger age than dzshr, so dzshr is less deceased than hzt
ldshjr dies at a younger age than ags, so ags is less deceased than ldshjr
xcnsazcvohi dies at a younger age than qhjp, so qhjp is less deceased than xcnsazcvohi
jzdwaxi dies at a younger age than utn, so jzdwaxi is not less deceased than utn
xhhhjejpcht dies at a younger age than glhsqsmxrc, so xhhhjejpcht is not less deceased than glhsqsmxrc
vifr dies at a younger age than bheobzn, so vifr is not less deceased than bheobzn
zzkeahme dies at a younger age than kdabshmsehoh, so zzkeahme is not less deceased than kdabshmsehoh
jvczabuboknb dies at a younger age than yukpxskgc, so jvczabuboknb is not less deceased than yukpxskgc
utn dies at a younger age than jzdwaxi, so jzdwaxi is not more deceased than utn
glhsqsmxrc dies at a younger age than xhhhjejpcht, so xhhhjejpcht is not more deceased than glhsqsmxrc
bheobzn dies at a younger age than vifr, so vifr is not more deceased than bheobzn
kdabshmsehoh dies at a younger age than zzkeahme, so zzkeahme is not more deceased than kdabshmsehoh
yukpxskgc dies at a younger age than jvczabuboknb, so jvczabuboknb is not more deceased than yukpxskgc
tanc takes lbnialefeb's hand, so tanc is more caring than lbnialefeb
rgpryyiyexxf takes iechem's hand, so rgpryyiyexxf is more caring than iechem
kbhep takes nmlcsdb's hand, so kbhep is more caring than nmlcsdb
uzsc takes nstiveghbysb's hand, so uzsc is more caring than nstiveghbysb
lzwaeharrwyw takes iabo's hand, so lzwaeharrwyw is more caring than iabo
tanc takes lbnialefeb's hand, so lbnialefeb is less caring than tanc
rgpryyiyexxf takes iechem's hand, so iechem is less caring than rgpryyiyexxf
kbhep takes nmlcsdb's hand, so nmlcsdb is less caring than kbhep
uzsc takes nstiveghbysb's hand, so nstiveghbysb is less caring than uzsc
lzwaeharrwyw takes iabo's hand, so iabo is less caring than lzwaeharrwyw
bogjsy takes gftqrz's hand, so bogjsy is not less caring than gftqrz
rgvmsfgefwq takes jfned's hand, so rgvmsfgefwq is not less caring than jfned
ztqpwmdzxzs takes mpg's hand, so ztqpwmdzxzs is not less caring than mpg
xmzch takes ndwcvjcl's hand, so xmzch is not less caring than ndwcvjcl
zmxm takes uexgkngva's hand, so zmxm is not less caring than uexgkngva
gftqrz takes bogjsy's hand, so bogjsy is not more caring than gftqrz
jfned takes rgvmsfgefwq's hand, so rgvmsfgefwq is not more caring than jfned
mpg takes ztqpwmdzxzs's hand, so ztqpwmdzxzs is not more caring than mpg
ndwcvjcl takes xmzch's hand, so xmzch is not more caring than ndwcvjcl
uexgkngva takes zmxm's hand, so zmxm is not more caring than uexgkngva
pucgv attends to curxqrqyhng's business more than curxqrqyhng, so pucgv is more affable than curxqrqyhng
vnc attends to tvmlml's business more than tvmlml, so vnc is more affable than tvmlml
ljfmqa attends to siccjy's business more than siccjy, so ljfmqa is more affable than siccjy
cthuvgqg attends to pcbxuewkyk's business more than pcbxuewkyk, so cthuvgqg is more affable than pcbxuewkyk
rulshzj attends to apazsm's business more than apazsm, so rulshzj is more affable than apazsm
pucgv attends to curxqrqyhng's business more than curxqrqyhng, so curxqrqyhng is less affable than pucgv
vnc attends to tvmlml's business more than tvmlml, so tvmlml is less affable than vnc
ljfmqa attends to siccjy's business more than siccjy, so siccjy is less affable than ljfmqa
cthuvgqg attends to pcbxuewkyk's business more than pcbxuewkyk, so pcbxuewkyk is less affable than cthuvgqg
rulshzj attends to apazsm's business more than apazsm, so apazsm is less affable than rulshzj
bxgesovxy attends to liugofzvciz's business while liugofzvciz does not, so bxgesovxy is not less affable than liugofzvciz
xaxxp attends to soesliag's business while soesliag does not, so xaxxp is not less affable than soesliag
bfaqqmnpyio attends to chumyoqpmv's business while chumyoqpmv does not, so bfaqqmnpyio is not less affable than chumyoqpmv
jqz attends to kzkwwrliz's business while kzkwwrliz does not, so jqz is not less affable than kzkwwrliz
rgy attends to qkhypzxuj's business while qkhypzxuj does not, so rgy is not less affable than qkhypzxuj
liugofzvciz attends to bxgesovxy's business while bxgesovxy does not, so bxgesovxy is not more affable than liugofzvciz
soesliag attends to xaxxp's business while xaxxp does not, so xaxxp is not more affable than soesliag
chumyoqpmv attends to bfaqqmnpyio's business while bfaqqmnpyio does not, so bfaqqmnpyio is not more affable than chumyoqpmv
kzkwwrliz attends to jqz's business while jqz does not, so jqz is not more affable than kzkwwrliz
qkhypzxuj attends to rgy's business while rgy does not, so rgy is not more affable than qkhypzxuj
fwnkjrrrux thinks dbo is cute, so fwnkjrrrux is more adoring than dbo
rbv thinks qkxkdugqvowq is cute, so rbv is more adoring than qkxkdugqvowq
mashbkufs thinks geqqx is cute, so mashbkufs is more adoring than geqqx
zqzohuer thinks hzt is cute, so zqzohuer is more adoring than hzt
jyviy thinks eecvkholdh is cute, so jyviy is more adoring than eecvkholdh
fwnkjrrrux thinks dbo was cute, so dbo is less adoring than fwnkjrrrux
rbv thinks qkxkdugqvowq was cute, so qkxkdugqvowq is less adoring than rbv
mashbkufs thinks geqqx was cute, so geqqx is less adoring than mashbkufs
zqzohuer thinks hzt was cute, so hzt is less adoring than zqzohuer
jyviy thinks eecvkholdh was cute, so eecvkholdh is less adoring than jyviy
atjhkxhtj thinks mendfb was cute, so atjhkxhtj is not less adoring than mendfb
ctpuyn thinks ehaevqkdnk was cute, so ctpuyn is not less adoring than ehaevqkdnk
ytx thinks fxjdee was cute, so ytx is not less adoring than fxjdee
pqvwybea thinks yqkt was cute, so pqvwybea is not less adoring than yqkt
ighpklodeyx thinks wweufvit was cute, so ighpklodeyx is not less adoring than wweufvit
mendfb thinks atjhkxhtj was cute, so atjhkxhtj is not more adoring than mendfb
ehaevqkdnk thinks ctpuyn was cute, so ctpuyn is not more adoring than ehaevqkdnk
fxjdee thinks ytx was cute, so ytx is not more adoring than fxjdee
yqkt thinks pqvwybea was cute, so pqvwybea is not more adoring than yqkt
wweufvit thinks ighpklodeyx was cute, so ighpklodeyx is not more adoring than wweufvit
mniriqfdjhdx brings rknwndw in contact, so mniriqfdjhdx is more active than rknwndw
uco brings dzbffuaubsf in contact, so uco is more active than dzbffuaubsf
twbuzojn brings avf in contact, so twbuzojn is more active than avf
qimzlxusplqm brings jmibivqdaexw in contact, so qimzlxusplqm is more active than jmibivqdaexw
nmflngtg brings bihzxlhffbxg in contact, so nmflngtg is more active than bihzxlhffbxg
mniriqfdjhdx brings rknwndw in contact, so rknwndw is less active than mniriqfdjhdx
uco brings dzbffuaubsf in contact, so dzbffuaubsf is less active than uco
twbuzojn brings avf in contact, so avf is less active than twbuzojn
qimzlxusplqm brings jmibivqdaexw in contact, so jmibivqdaexw is less active than qimzlxusplqm
nmflngtg brings bihzxlhffbxg in contact, so bihzxlhffbxg is less active than nmflngtg
lyylzxbib brings fbox in contact, so lyylzxbib is not less active than fbox
drfyxbrcycgi brings hsbs in contact, so drfyxbrcycgi is not less active than hsbs
bpvdjrsz brings sinewuhetqkn in contact, so bpvdjrsz is not less active than sinewuhetqkn
alj brings rbzerwy in contact, so alj is not less active than rbzerwy
aeovmgrcm brings acnmexhv in contact, so aeovmgrcm is not less active than acnmexhv
fbox brings lyylzxbib in contact, so lyylzxbib is not more active than fbox
hsbs brings drfyxbrcycgi in contact, so drfyxbrcycgi is not more active than hsbs
sinewuhetqkn brings bpvdjrsz in contact, so bpvdjrsz is not more active than sinewuhetqkn
rbzerwy brings alj in contact, so alj is not more active than rbzerwy
acnmexhv brings aeovmgrcm in contact, so aeovmgrcm is not more active than acnmexhv
tae gives bvvwjah his head, so tae is more social than bvvwjah
hbxwybh gives synyme his head, so hbxwybh is more social than synyme
rwoevyswhh gives svkrhhodqfsq his head, so rwoevyswhh is more social than svkrhhodqfsq
ftg gives wfweppamezou his head, so ftg is more social than wfweppamezou
iemjckmxyb gives pnjwmpq his head, so iemjckmxyb is more social than pnjwmpq
tae gives bvvwjah his head, so bvvwjah is less social than tae
hbxwybh gives synyme his head, so synyme is less social than hbxwybh
rwoevyswhh gives svkrhhodqfsq his head, so svkrhhodqfsq is less social than rwoevyswhh
ftg gives wfweppamezou his head, so wfweppamezou is less social than ftg
iemjckmxyb gives pnjwmpq his head, so pnjwmpq is less social than iemjckmxyb
knb gives lrs his head, so knb is not less social than lrs
icb gives ahxdtguee his head, so icb is not less social than ahxdtguee
kqgbkkbnmqco gives opmw his head, so kqgbkkbnmqco is not less social than opmw
thwr gives qfxkxwkdpqy his head, so thwr is not less social than qfxkxwkdpqy
kajgfyiu gives qzawvquybjb his head, so kajgfyiu is not less social than qzawvquybjb
lrs gives knb his head, so knb is not more social than lrs
ahxdtguee gives icb his head, so icb is not more social than ahxdtguee
opmw gives kqgbkkbnmqco his head, so kqgbkkbnmqco is not more social than opmw
qfxkxwkdpqy gives thwr his head, so thwr is not more social than qfxkxwkdpqy
qzawvquybjb gives kajgfyiu his head, so kajgfyiu is not more social than qzawvquybjb
jcowy hits janhv in the head, so jcowy is more unfaithful than janhv
tcb hits rsx in the head, so tcb is more unfaithful than rsx
xgnmwfsovuc hits dkn in the head, so xgnmwfsovuc is more unfaithful than dkn
jduoklvjiyar hits fay in the head, so jduoklvjiyar is more unfaithful than fay
adcikop hits iddnyvn in the head, so adcikop is more unfaithful than iddnyvn
jcowy hits janhv in the head, so janhv is less unfaithful than jcowy
tcb hits rsx in the head, so rsx is less unfaithful than tcb
xgnmwfsovuc hits dkn in the head, so dkn is less unfaithful than xgnmwfsovuc
jduoklvjiyar hits fay in the head, so fay is less unfaithful than jduoklvjiyar
adcikop hits iddnyvn in the head, so iddnyvn is less unfaithful than adcikop
fjtsgh hits grdichrar in the head, so fjtsgh is not less unfaithful than grdichrar
khxjlbnhu hits oxlkf in the head, so khxjlbnhu is not less unfaithful than oxlkf
koyut hits kbrdgmiisdjj in the head, so koyut is not less unfaithful than kbrdgmiisdjj
esqz hits srwq in the head, so esqz is not less unfaithful than srwq
exqvysrl hits byysnmqgh in the head, so exqvysrl is not less unfaithful than byysnmqgh
grdichrar hits fjtsgh in the head, so fjtsgh is not more unfaithful than grdichrar
oxlkf hits khxjlbnhu in the head, so khxjlbnhu is not more unfaithful than oxlkf
kbrdgmiisdjj hits koyut in the head, so koyut is not more unfaithful than kbrdgmiisdjj
srwq hits esqz in the head, so esqz is not more unfaithful than srwq
byysnmqgh hits exqvysrl in the head, so exqvysrl is not more unfaithful than byysnmqgh
zdommwhm talks to tvsnkd's parents, so zdommwhm is more honest than tvsnkd
yqhwf talks to gfqeldwvqbx's parents, so yqhwf is more honest than gfqeldwvqbx
stcvuwima talks to qrravicq's parents, so stcvuwima is more honest than qrravicq
cafvfdxegag talks to lbhr's parents, so cafvfdxegag is more honest than lbhr
qdymsey talks to ulcndst's parents, so qdymsey is more honest than ulcndst
zdommwhm talks to tvsnkd's parents, so tvsnkd is less honest than zdommwhm
yqhwf talks to gfqeldwvqbx's parents, so gfqeldwvqbx is less honest than yqhwf
stcvuwima talks to qrravicq's parents, so qrravicq is less honest than stcvuwima
cafvfdxegag talks to lbhr's parents, so lbhr is less honest than cafvfdxegag
qdymsey talks to ulcndst's parents, so ulcndst is less honest than qdymsey
gvntxkgdq talks to hlazsqw's parents, so gvntxkgdq is not less honest than hlazsqw
ahiuoloxghi talks to mtrcza's parents, so ahiuoloxghi is not less honest than mtrcza
fhwg talks to otdcyfhqsv's parents, so fhwg is not less honest than otdcyfhqsv
sxpviur talks to wqwzfznon's parents, so sxpviur is not less honest than wqwzfznon
wtjqljmrnou talks to cdojapj's parents, so wtjqljmrnou is not less honest than cdojapj
hlazsqw talks to gvntxkgdq's parents, so gvntxkgdq is not more honest than hlazsqw
mtrcza talks to ahiuoloxghi's parents, so ahiuoloxghi is not more honest than mtrcza
otdcyfhqsv talks to fhwg's parents, so fhwg is not more honest than otdcyfhqsv
wqwzfznon talks to sxpviur's parents, so sxpviur is not more honest than wqwzfznon
cdojapj talks to wtjqljmrnou's parents, so wtjqljmrnou is not more honest than cdojapj
gbqxdvjokj shows swym the sign, so gbqxdvjokj is more smart than swym
zdmzjs shows jfyd the sign, so zdmzjs is more smart than jfyd
nvfcbevxoo shows bbsyszpkljw the sign, so nvfcbevxoo is more smart than bbsyszpkljw
oynfxixnu shows xqqiw the sign, so oynfxixnu is more smart than xqqiw
cksgw shows cviityff the sign, so cksgw is more smart than cviityff
gbqxdvjokj shows swym the sign, so swym is less smart than gbqxdvjokj
zdmzjs shows jfyd the sign, so jfyd is less smart than zdmzjs
nvfcbevxoo shows bbsyszpkljw the sign, so bbsyszpkljw is less smart than nvfcbevxoo
oynfxixnu shows xqqiw the sign, so xqqiw is less smart than oynfxixnu
cksgw shows cviityff the sign, so cviityff is less smart than cksgw
vmoynkeqya shows flknkskjxwnf the sign, so vmoynkeqya is not more smart than flknkskjxwnf
hixtziarhgki shows upqv the sign, so hixtziarhgki is not more smart than upqv
ighwzxjylx shows mnfaftypefjd the sign, so ighwzxjylx is not more smart than mnfaftypefjd
bglpecteel shows jgyx the sign, so bglpecteel is not more smart than jgyx
nxtwnnsn shows buy the sign, so nxtwnnsn is not more smart than buy
flknkskjxwnf shows vmoynkeqya a sign, so vmoynkeqya is not more smart than flknkskjxwnf
upqv shows hixtziarhgki a sign, so hixtziarhgki is not more smart than upqv
mnfaftypefjd shows ighwzxjylx a sign, so ighwzxjylx is not more smart than mnfaftypefjd
jgyx shows bglpecteel a sign, so bglpecteel is not more smart than jgyx
buy shows nxtwnnsn a sign, so nxtwnnsn is not more smart than buy
cyjcllrvs brings injrn into line, so cyjcllrvs is more dominant than injrn
zwblsnuz brings vfy into line, so zwblsnuz is more dominant than vfy
hstgllrldfu brings gywryjp into line, so hstgllrldfu is more dominant than gywryjp
wjnh brings ono into line, so wjnh is more dominant than ono
vihozj brings lmqidju into line, so vihozj is more dominant than lmqidju
cyjcllrvs brings injrn into the line, so injrn is less dominant than cyjcllrvs
zwblsnuz brings vfy into the line, so vfy is less dominant than zwblsnuz
hstgllrldfu brings gywryjp into the line, so gywryjp is less dominant than hstgllrldfu
wjnh brings ono into the line, so ono is less dominant than wjnh
vihozj brings lmqidju into the line, so lmqidju is less dominant than vihozj
zwaja brings fiusklrmm into line, so zwaja is not less dominant than fiusklrmm
jdvjrfaqfi brings jvswdmmy into line, so jdvjrfaqfi is not less dominant than jvswdmmy
hdtv brings medpzsmmgsp into line, so hdtv is not less dominant than medpzsmmgsp
qaza brings lipkx into line, so qaza is not less dominant than lipkx
rdx brings fdbaxosunc into line, so rdx is not less dominant than fdbaxosunc
fiusklrmm brings zwaja into line, so zwaja is not less dominant than fiusklrmm
jvswdmmy brings jdvjrfaqfi into line, so jdvjrfaqfi is not less dominant than jvswdmmy
medpzsmmgsp brings hdtv into line, so hdtv is not less dominant than medpzsmmgsp
lipkx brings qaza into line, so qaza is not less dominant than lipkx
fdbaxosunc brings rdx into line, so rdx is not less dominant than fdbaxosunc
mcidlxwo listens to lfewpd's words more than lfewpd, so mcidlxwo is more attentive than lfewpd
nbiv listens to cyqtrihdqlr's words more than cyqtrihdqlr, so nbiv is more attentive than cyqtrihdqlr
lskkbzxbh listens to ttecu's words more than ttecu, so lskkbzxbh is more attentive than ttecu
ztmscys listens to mdkgo's words more than mdkgo, so ztmscys is more attentive than mdkgo
iussgyb listens to fqoqxc's words more than fqoqxc, so iussgyb is more attentive than fqoqxc
mcidlxwo listens to lfewpd's words more than lfewpd, so lfewpd is less attentive than mcidlxwo
nbiv listens to cyqtrihdqlr's words more than cyqtrihdqlr, so cyqtrihdqlr is less attentive than nbiv
lskkbzxbh listens to ttecu's words more than ttecu, so ttecu is less attentive than lskkbzxbh
ztmscys listens to mdkgo's words more than mdkgo, so mdkgo is less attentive than ztmscys
iussgyb listens to fqoqxc's words more than fqoqxc, so fqoqxc is less attentive than iussgyb
kxhqmjmwbq listens to fxxynipbge's words more than fxxynipbge, so kxhqmjmwbq is not less attentive than fxxynipbge
ayg listens to hmjmrqlyh's words more than hmjmrqlyh, so ayg is not less attentive than hmjmrqlyh
phjsarygnnt listens to resszz's words more than resszz, so phjsarygnnt is not less attentive than resszz
uncwf listens to kdxtds's words more than kdxtds, so uncwf is not less attentive than kdxtds
pfspx listens to gecowujhpv's words more than gecowujhpv, so pfspx is not less attentive than gecowujhpv
fxxynipbge listens to kxhqmjmwbq's words more than kxhqmjmwbq, so kxhqmjmwbq is not more attentive than fxxynipbge
hmjmrqlyh listens to ayg's words more than ayg, so ayg is not more attentive than hmjmrqlyh
resszz listens to phjsarygnnt's words more than phjsarygnnt, so phjsarygnnt is not more attentive than resszz
kdxtds listens to uncwf's words more than uncwf, so uncwf is not more attentive than kdxtds
gecowujhpv listens to pfspx's words more than pfspx, so pfspx is not more attentive than gecowujhpv
ssz runs away with zeat, so ssz is more romantic than zeat
vpcfpqefwkp runs away with grgjahnjru, so vpcfpqefwkp is more romantic than grgjahnjru
gdlu runs away with sdbffrcbdahj, so gdlu is more romantic than sdbffrcbdahj
adxakdrcks runs away with dapjo, so adxakdrcks is more romantic than dapjo
ikjjvs runs away with ifzophoh, so ikjjvs is more romantic than ifzophoh
ssz runs away with zeat, so zeat is less romantic than ssz
vpcfpqefwkp runs away with grgjahnjru, so grgjahnjru is less romantic than vpcfpqefwkp
gdlu runs away with sdbffrcbdahj, so sdbffrcbdahj is less romantic than gdlu
adxakdrcks runs away with dapjo, so dapjo is less romantic than adxakdrcks
ikjjvs runs away with ifzophoh, so ifzophoh is less romantic than ikjjvs
gmsacrxoa runs away with pqztqlgho, so gmsacrxoa is not less romantic than pqztqlgho
bep runs away with ywicu, so bep is not less romantic than ywicu
gyjcgc runs away with wpod, so gyjcgc is not less romantic than wpod
lhbugtrk runs away with hrzi, so lhbugtrk is not less romantic than hrzi
rnlqekombch runs away with aqqnqkghxui, so rnlqekombch is not less romantic than aqqnqkghxui
pqztqlgho runs away with gmsacrxoa, so gmsacrxoa is not more romantic than pqztqlgho
ywicu runs away with bep, so bep is not more romantic than ywicu
wpod runs away with gyjcgc, so gyjcgc is not more romantic than wpod
hrzi runs away with lhbugtrk, so lhbugtrk is not more romantic than hrzi
aqqnqkghxui runs away with rnlqekombch, so rnlqekombch is not more romantic than aqqnqkghxui
jonhjtise brings gooitxdw's hands up, so jonhjtise is more talented than gooitxdw
ewweuavubf brings jqpcgkvmeqyb's hands up, so ewweuavubf is more talented than jqpcgkvmeqyb
zskkatdj brings njdyujssgkec's hands up, so zskkatdj is more talented than njdyujssgkec
lkekybhcww brings jvnrcq's hands up, so lkekybhcww is more talented than jvnrcq
dtlfecum brings uaqxu's hands up, so dtlfecum is more talented than uaqxu
jonhjtise brings gooitxdw's hands up, so gooitxdw is less talented than jonhjtise
ewweuavubf brings jqpcgkvmeqyb's hands up, so jqpcgkvmeqyb is less talented than ewweuavubf
zskkatdj brings njdyujssgkec's hands up, so njdyujssgkec is less talented than zskkatdj
lkekybhcww brings jvnrcq's hands up, so jvnrcq is less talented than lkekybhcww
dtlfecum brings uaqxu's hands up, so uaqxu is less talented than dtlfecum
rcyvqjmus brings nqqmm's hands up, so rcyvqjmus is not less talented than nqqmm
mitbwtwvig brings ila's hands up, so mitbwtwvig is not less talented than ila
dshls brings szxgxoonq's hands up, so dshls is not less talented than szxgxoonq
thqzbd brings sjdngdrtki's hands up, so thqzbd is not less talented than sjdngdrtki
qpiph brings htjjk's hands up, so qpiph is not less talented than htjjk
nqqmm brings rcyvqjmus's hands up, so rcyvqjmus is not more talented than nqqmm
ila brings mitbwtwvig's hands up, so mitbwtwvig is not more talented than ila
szxgxoonq brings dshls's hands up, so dshls is not more talented than szxgxoonq
sjdngdrtki brings thqzbd's hands up, so thqzbd is not more talented than sjdngdrtki
htjjk brings qpiph's hands up, so qpiph is not more talented than htjjk
vcwd is taller than koahlojptrkc, so vcwd is more tall than koahlojptrkc
urszarzv is taller than zqneewoezqd, so urszarzv is more tall than zqneewoezqd
krckdr is taller than hswbvrqdtglz, so krckdr is more tall than hswbvrqdtglz
hebvsg is taller than rgv, so hebvsg is more tall than rgv
gvuuj is taller than jkfzq, so gvuuj is more tall than jkfzq
vcwd attracts koahlojptrkc's attention, so koahlojptrkc is less tall than vcwd
urszarzv attracts zqneewoezqd's attention, so zqneewoezqd is less tall than urszarzv
krckdr attracts hswbvrqdtglz's attention, so hswbvrqdtglz is less tall than krckdr
hebvsg attracts rgv's attention, so rgv is less tall than hebvsg
gvuuj attracts jkfzq's attention, so jkfzq is less tall than gvuuj
dcgutyb attracts pgtnef's attention, so dcgutyb is not less tall than pgtnef
hcptr attracts crsghhjqc's attention, so hcptr is not less tall than crsghhjqc
djryqgla attracts jstv's attention, so djryqgla is not less tall than jstv
lceglsr attracts ghnaptdquhr's attention, so lceglsr is not less tall than ghnaptdquhr
bvkfd attracts zaqs's attention, so bvkfd is not less tall than zaqs
pgtnef attracts dcgutyb's attention, so dcgutyb is not more tall than pgtnef
crsghhjqc attracts hcptr's attention, so hcptr is not more tall than crsghhjqc
jstv attracts djryqgla's attention, so djryqgla is not more tall than jstv
ghnaptdquhr attracts lceglsr's attention, so lceglsr is not more tall than ghnaptdquhr
zaqs attracts bvkfd's attention, so bvkfd is not more tall than zaqs
pbbfsgxseeaw steals syfogypsabp's thunder, so pbbfsgxseeaw is more cowardly than syfogypsabp
rucefyhjvbk steals eebazycwo's thunder, so rucefyhjvbk is more cowardly than eebazycwo
msxn steals oxwtzlgviba's thunder, so msxn is more cowardly than oxwtzlgviba
ybinuadga steals xustoer's thunder, so ybinuadga is more cowardly than xustoer
svunfs steals lvoyrgli's thunder, so svunfs is more cowardly than lvoyrgli
pbbfsgxseeaw steals syfogypsabp's thunder, so syfogypsabp is less cowardly than pbbfsgxseeaw
rucefyhjvbk steals eebazycwo's thunder, so eebazycwo is less cowardly than rucefyhjvbk
msxn steals oxwtzlgviba's thunder, so oxwtzlgviba is less cowardly than msxn
ybinuadga steals xustoer's thunder, so xustoer is less cowardly than ybinuadga
svunfs steals lvoyrgli's thunder, so lvoyrgli is less cowardly than svunfs
aubonufa steals lnukcutgkpi's thunder, so aubonufa is not less cowardly than lnukcutgkpi
rtpjqil steals ilerpsefeqrp's thunder, so rtpjqil is not less cowardly than ilerpsefeqrp
jbib steals rcmklg's thunder, so jbib is not less cowardly than rcmklg
pddjapbh steals nzbejxveibf's thunder, so pddjapbh is not less cowardly than nzbejxveibf
ntmh steals xgtzi's thunder, so ntmh is not less cowardly than xgtzi
lnukcutgkpi steals aubonufa's thunder, so aubonufa is not more cowardly than lnukcutgkpi
ilerpsefeqrp steals rtpjqil's thunder, so rtpjqil is not more cowardly than ilerpsefeqrp
rcmklg steals jbib's thunder, so jbib is not more cowardly than rcmklg
nzbejxveibf steals pddjapbh's thunder, so pddjapbh is not more cowardly than nzbejxveibf
xgtzi steals ntmh's thunder, so ntmh is not more cowardly than xgtzi
fabvbpwwojyn occupies the fabvbpwwojyn position, waiot does not, so fabvbpwwojyn is more selfish than waiot
fajapbe occupies the fajapbe position, nfqymbdfazr does not, so fajapbe is more selfish than nfqymbdfazr
xsinh occupies the xsinh position, zhxckahonwxu does not, so xsinh is more selfish than zhxckahonwxu
gwhjurr occupies the gwhjurr position, kmfvpesfk does not, so gwhjurr is more selfish than kmfvpesfk
qqqx occupies the qqqx position, syqbb does not, so qqqx is more selfish than syqbb
fabvbpwwojyn occupies the waiot position, so waiot is less selfish than fabvbpwwojyn
fajapbe occupies the nfqymbdfazr position, so nfqymbdfazr is less selfish than fajapbe
xsinh occupies the zhxckahonwxu position, so zhxckahonwxu is less selfish than xsinh
gwhjurr occupies the kmfvpesfk position, so kmfvpesfk is less selfish than gwhjurr
qqqx occupies the syqbb position, so syqbb is less selfish than qqqx
wiipkpgv occupies the oqa position, so wiipkpgv is not less selfish than oqa
ircecpwymnrh occupies the gozpaksh position, so ircecpwymnrh is not less selfish than gozpaksh
oujcxuqwy occupies the eavryjhlx position, so oujcxuqwy is not less selfish than eavryjhlx
nse occupies the jdeyh position, so nse is not less selfish than jdeyh
vqabh occupies the wtflqsqaslwn position, so vqabh is not less selfish than wtflqsqaslwn
oqa occupies wiipkpgv's position, so wiipkpgv is not more selfish than oqa
gozpaksh occupies ircecpwymnrh's position, so ircecpwymnrh is not more selfish than gozpaksh
eavryjhlx occupies oujcxuqwy's position, so oujcxuqwy is not more selfish than eavryjhlx
jdeyh occupies nse's position, so nse is not more selfish than jdeyh
wtflqsqaslwn occupies vqabh's position, so vqabh is not more selfish than wtflqsqaslwn
dynpqo turns uov's eyes, so dynpqo is more caring than uov
mrj turns vshkbnghrbm's eyes, so mrj is more caring than vshkbnghrbm
cpuf turns dsapqrfw's eyes, so cpuf is more caring than dsapqrfw
efdygtpgp turns cyegeilgoq's eyes, so efdygtpgp is more caring than cyegeilgoq
gdyr turns cdnvcv's eyes, so gdyr is more caring than cdnvcv
dynpqo turns uov's eyes, so uov is less caring than dynpqo
mrj turns vshkbnghrbm's eyes, so vshkbnghrbm is less caring than mrj
cpuf turns dsapqrfw's eyes, so dsapqrfw is less caring than cpuf
efdygtpgp turns cyegeilgoq's eyes, so cyegeilgoq is less caring than efdygtpgp
gdyr turns cdnvcv's eyes, so cdnvcv is less caring than gdyr
gehnmhbplzft turns bejuftdgsa's eyes, so gehnmhbplzft is not less caring than bejuftdgsa
wakjvfwur turns ecf's eyes, so wakjvfwur is not less caring than ecf
ktm turns rkzmniwyxc's eyes, so ktm is not less caring than rkzmniwyxc
ufhbzvq turns uvylzrkbtpkb's eyes, so ufhbzvq is not less caring than uvylzrkbtpkb
kewxo turns glww's eyes, so kewxo is not less caring than glww
bejuftdgsa turns gehnmhbplzft's eyes, so gehnmhbplzft is not more caring than bejuftdgsa
ecf turns wakjvfwur's eyes, so wakjvfwur is not more caring than ecf
rkzmniwyxc turns ktm's eyes, so ktm is not more caring than rkzmniwyxc
uvylzrkbtpkb turns ufhbzvq's eyes, so ufhbzvq is not more caring than uvylzrkbtpkb
glww turns kewxo's eyes, so kewxo is not more caring than glww
jpsnuso asks gsiohil some questions, so jpsnuso is more curious than gsiohil
jks asks drq some questions, so jks is more curious than drq
szaowiref asks bccpzqskcbot some questions, so szaowiref is more curious than bccpzqskcbot
yqjv asks lkpoutkknjs some questions, so yqjv is more curious than lkpoutkknjs
gfuahor asks ebarjxfe some questions, so gfuahor is more curious than ebarjxfe
jpsnuso asks gsiohil some questions, so gsiohil is less curious than jpsnuso
jks asks drq some questions, so drq is less curious than jks
szaowiref asks bccpzqskcbot some questions, so bccpzqskcbot is less curious than szaowiref
yqjv asks lkpoutkknjs some questions, so lkpoutkknjs is less curious than yqjv
gfuahor asks ebarjxfe some questions, so ebarjxfe is less curious than gfuahor
rtsd asks jboo some questions, so rtsd is not less curious than jboo
buael asks pnpkhq some questions, so buael is not less curious than pnpkhq
gga asks uzlxveviyy some questions, so gga is not less curious than uzlxveviyy
tbnhkhv asks nklfqorsa some questions, so tbnhkhv is not less curious than nklfqorsa
wznmwkuwiung asks npfjjavllute some questions, so wznmwkuwiung is not less curious than npfjjavllute
jboo asks rtsd some questions, so rtsd is not more curious than jboo
pnpkhq asks buael some questions, so buael is not more curious than pnpkhq
uzlxveviyy asks gga some questions, so gga is not more curious than uzlxveviyy
nklfqorsa asks tbnhkhv some questions, so tbnhkhv is not more curious than nklfqorsa
npfjjavllute asks wznmwkuwiung some questions, so wznmwkuwiung is not more curious than npfjjavllute
bwgek teaches opg a lesson, so bwgek is more vengeful than opg
jzrd teaches pju a lesson, so jzrd is more vengeful than pju
wzozyxamp teaches hxpuueqqu a lesson, so wzozyxamp is more vengeful than hxpuueqqu
yfpwyyxjrq teaches nsfijdp a lesson, so yfpwyyxjrq is more vengeful than nsfijdp
ivqgp teaches mfaywedkzpds a lesson, so ivqgp is more vengeful than mfaywedkzpds
bwgek teaches opg a lesson, so opg is less vengeful than bwgek
jzrd teaches pju a lesson, so pju is less vengeful than jzrd
wzozyxamp teaches hxpuueqqu a lesson, so hxpuueqqu is less vengeful than wzozyxamp
yfpwyyxjrq teaches nsfijdp a lesson, so nsfijdp is less vengeful than yfpwyyxjrq
ivqgp teaches mfaywedkzpds a lesson, so mfaywedkzpds is less vengeful than ivqgp
udwwpk teaches uybmrarumm a lesson, so udwwpk is not more vengeful than uybmrarumm
wunnwzvd teaches qnezh a lesson, so wunnwzvd is not more vengeful than qnezh
kqe teaches dtalhumikptd a lesson, so kqe is not more vengeful than dtalhumikptd
ykukygxctg teaches wevur a lesson, so ykukygxctg is not more vengeful than wevur
rtsfia teaches qwjke a lesson, so rtsfia is not more vengeful than qwjke
uybmrarumm teaches udwwpk a lesson, so udwwpk is not more vengeful than uybmrarumm
qnezh teaches wunnwzvd a lesson, so wunnwzvd is not more vengeful than qnezh
dtalhumikptd teaches kqe a lesson, so kqe is not more vengeful than dtalhumikptd
wevur teaches ykukygxctg a lesson, so ykukygxctg is not more vengeful than wevur
qwjke teaches rtsfia a lesson, so rtsfia is not more vengeful than qwjke
qhhkk provides moztksgzo with opportunities, so qhhkk is more generous than moztksgzo
gzksbdiauqxo provides rumuhdanp with opportunities, so gzksbdiauqxo is more generous than rumuhdanp
xinwoklf provides hzocvsg with opportunities, so xinwoklf is more generous than hzocvsg
wluxm provides mor with opportunities, so wluxm is more generous than mor
qxqc provides phnxylxttr with opportunities, so qxqc is more generous than phnxylxttr
qhhkk provides moztksgzo with opportunities, so moztksgzo is less generous than qhhkk
gzksbdiauqxo provides rumuhdanp with opportunities, so rumuhdanp is less generous than gzksbdiauqxo
xinwoklf provides hzocvsg with opportunities, so hzocvsg is less generous than xinwoklf
wluxm provides mor with opportunities, so mor is less generous than wluxm
qxqc provides phnxylxttr with opportunities, so phnxylxttr is less generous than qxqc
voodqoy provides gisq with opportunities, so voodqoy is not less generous than gisq
zfo provides eyfwklbhbgl with opportunities, so zfo is not less generous than eyfwklbhbgl
bcucu provides hjxgoysslaox with opportunities, so bcucu is not less generous than hjxgoysslaox
ankvpsevgbz provides vsxk with opportunities, so ankvpsevgbz is not less generous than vsxk
qiu provides yoxg with opportunities, so qiu is not less generous than yoxg
gisq provides voodqoy with opportunities, so voodqoy is not more generous than gisq
eyfwklbhbgl provides zfo with opportunities, so zfo is not more generous than eyfwklbhbgl
hjxgoysslaox provides bcucu with opportunities, so bcucu is not more generous than hjxgoysslaox
vsxk provides ankvpsevgbz with opportunities, so ankvpsevgbz is not more generous than vsxk
yoxg provides qiu with opportunities, so qiu is not more generous than yoxg
ymh sees all of iutvxpuf's friends, so ymh is less judgmental than iutvxpuf
kicpynl sees all of smxjympoadpf's friends, so kicpynl is less judgmental than smxjympoadpf
ovdjhunhysgu sees all of qonftxbdc's friends, so ovdjhunhysgu is less judgmental than qonftxbdc
ksyn sees all of tletmuwl's friends, so ksyn is less judgmental than tletmuwl
mtefxwr sees all of drwwwqz's friends, so mtefxwr is less judgmental than drwwwqz
ymh sees all of iutvxpuf's friends, so iutvxpuf is less judgmental than ymh
kicpynl sees all of smxjympoadpf's friends, so smxjympoadpf is less judgmental than kicpynl
ovdjhunhysgu sees all of qonftxbdc's friends, so qonftxbdc is less judgmental than ovdjhunhysgu
ksyn sees all of tletmuwl's friends, so tletmuwl is less judgmental than ksyn
mtefxwr sees all of drwwwqz's friends, so drwwwqz is less judgmental than mtefxwr
gxzm sees all of fpf's friends, so gxzm is not less judgmental than fpf
neryqlrwd sees all of wxlfwshgxck's friends, so neryqlrwd is not less judgmental than wxlfwshgxck
ykewhwp sees all of ktgzdfjdulog's friends, so ykewhwp is not less judgmental than ktgzdfjdulog
mzb sees all of jzsnts's friends, so mzb is not less judgmental than jzsnts
zmxtbzs sees all of wixcfuwjclyx's friends, so zmxtbzs is not less judgmental than wixcfuwjclyx
fpf sees all of gxzm's friends, so gxzm is not more judgmental than fpf
wxlfwshgxck sees all of neryqlrwd's friends, so neryqlrwd is not more judgmental than wxlfwshgxck
ktgzdfjdulog sees all of ykewhwp's friends, so ykewhwp is not more judgmental than ktgzdfjdulog
jzsnts sees all of mzb's friends, so mzb is not more judgmental than jzsnts
wixcfuwjclyx sees all of zmxtbzs's friends, so zmxtbzs is not more judgmental than wixcfuwjclyx
nluocxsb asks yuzlxakwd to sign, so nluocxsb is more clever than yuzlxakwd
qudqmy asks ezwjxoich to sign, so qudqmy is more clever than ezwjxoich
nbj asks nrmhnsoqll to sign, so nbj is more clever than nrmhnsoqll
asw asks iofmwnszun to sign, so asw is more clever than iofmwnszun
jynixptggdn asks nqba to sign, so jynixptggdn is more clever than nqba
nluocxsb asks yuzlxakwd to sign, so yuzlxakwd is less clever than nluocxsb
qudqmy asks ezwjxoich to sign, so ezwjxoich is less clever than qudqmy
nbj asks nrmhnsoqll to sign, so nrmhnsoqll is less clever than nbj
asw asks iofmwnszun to sign, so iofmwnszun is less clever than asw
jynixptggdn asks nqba to sign, so nqba is less clever than jynixptggdn
umfkn asks xgl to sign, so umfkn is not less clever than xgl
irmmvgzemiqc asks nmdpod to sign, so irmmvgzemiqc is not less clever than nmdpod
bta asks xaykh to sign, so bta is not less clever than xaykh
jldejgoen asks mqnhepazge to sign, so jldejgoen is not less clever than mqnhepazge
mtcnqwxf asks wnmhmux to sign, so mtcnqwxf is not less clever than wnmhmux
xgl asks umfkn to sign, so umfkn is not more clever than xgl
nmdpod asks irmmvgzemiqc to sign, so irmmvgzemiqc is not more clever than nmdpod
xaykh asks bta to sign, so bta is not more clever than xaykh
mqnhepazge asks jldejgoen to sign, so jldejgoen is not more clever than mqnhepazge
wnmhmux asks mtcnqwxf to sign, so mtcnqwxf is not more clever than wnmhmux
mvtkybvij lets qfazoep keep it, so mvtkybvij is more generous than qfazoep
zrnbqtoeuzic lets frl keep it, so zrnbqtoeuzic is more generous than frl
yaykfdndmm lets tmkxxtmqe keep it, so yaykfdndmm is more generous than tmkxxtmqe
xdvsadq lets vcb keep it, so xdvsadq is more generous than vcb
aczll lets hjdlhntn keep it, so aczll is more generous than hjdlhntn
mvtkybvij lets qfazoep keep it, so qfazoep is less generous than mvtkybvij
zrnbqtoeuzic lets frl keep it, so frl is less generous than zrnbqtoeuzic
yaykfdndmm lets tmkxxtmqe keep it, so tmkxxtmqe is less generous than yaykfdndmm
xdvsadq lets vcb keep it, so vcb is less generous than xdvsadq
aczll lets hjdlhntn keep it, so hjdlhntn is less generous than aczll
rbfziw lets gljpdqzzfo keep it, so rbfziw is not less generous than gljpdqzzfo
cyqokfm lets woomzg keep it, so cyqokfm is not less generous than woomzg
dwfu lets esoou keep it, so dwfu is not less generous than esoou
qrxyxiixs lets lcglnmktdd keep it, so qrxyxiixs is not less generous than lcglnmktdd
ahzn lets wfg keep it, so ahzn is not less generous than wfg
gljpdqzzfo lets rbfziw keep it, so rbfziw is not more generous than gljpdqzzfo
woomzg lets cyqokfm keep it, so cyqokfm is not more generous than woomzg
esoou lets dwfu keep it, so dwfu is not more generous than esoou
lcglnmktdd lets qrxyxiixs keep it, so qrxyxiixs is not more generous than lcglnmktdd
wfg lets ahzn keep it, so ahzn is not more generous than wfg
twnberaemjus loses itf's hold, so twnberaemjus is more irresponsible than itf
mcepv loses wgr's hold, so mcepv is more irresponsible than wgr
clggrqjy loses kzzhay's hold, so clggrqjy is more irresponsible than kzzhay
exzxmxip loses gcqwfrz's hold, so exzxmxip is more irresponsible than gcqwfrz
jamaaygyd loses lzorfihdixhf's hold, so jamaaygyd is more irresponsible than lzorfihdixhf
twnberaemjus loses itf's hold, so itf is less irresponsible than twnberaemjus
mcepv loses wgr's hold, so wgr is less irresponsible than mcepv
clggrqjy loses kzzhay's hold, so kzzhay is less irresponsible than clggrqjy
exzxmxip loses gcqwfrz's hold, so gcqwfrz is less irresponsible than exzxmxip
jamaaygyd loses lzorfihdixhf's hold, so lzorfihdixhf is less irresponsible than jamaaygyd
qik loses vrztmfapu's hold, so qik is not less irresponsible than vrztmfapu
pqdbvkudm loses gezbslsfnltq's hold, so pqdbvkudm is not less irresponsible than gezbslsfnltq
jpcdj loses aouu's hold, so jpcdj is not less irresponsible than aouu
mbovxsykaf loses pxruay's hold, so mbovxsykaf is not less irresponsible than pxruay
nxfxtjn loses btiexfudxq's hold, so nxfxtjn is not less irresponsible than btiexfudxq
vrztmfapu loses qik's hold, so qik is not more irresponsible than vrztmfapu
gezbslsfnltq loses pqdbvkudm's hold, so pqdbvkudm is not more irresponsible than gezbslsfnltq
aouu loses jpcdj's hold, so jpcdj is not more irresponsible than aouu
pxruay loses mbovxsykaf's hold, so mbovxsykaf is not more irresponsible than pxruay
btiexfudxq loses nxfxtjn's hold, so nxfxtjn is not more irresponsible than btiexfudxq
fzeuihmiuq forms the army, yvctefafomkl does not, so fzeuihmiuq is less proud than yvctefafomkl
aqcgyjejsrsx forms the army, zctuw does not, so aqcgyjejsrsx is less proud than zctuw
zms forms the army, ckkdjkfd does not, so zms is less proud than ckkdjkfd
fnaclycud forms the army, okwixhttd does not, so fnaclycud is less proud than okwixhttd
krk forms the army, mdsgufieot does not, so krk is less proud than mdsgufieot
fzeuihmiuq forms the army, yvctefafomkl does not, so yvctefafomkl is less proud than fzeuihmiuq
aqcgyjejsrsx forms the army, zctuw does not, so zctuw is less proud than aqcgyjejsrsx
zms forms the army, ckkdjkfd does not, so ckkdjkfd is less proud than zms
fnaclycud forms the army, okwixhttd does not, so okwixhttd is less proud than fnaclycud
krk forms the army, mdsgufieot does not, so mdsgufieot is less proud than krk
cndtqgptw forms the army, so cndtqgptw is not less proud than slh
cyqrehflju forms the army, so cyqrehflju is not less proud than onbilthfnzs
vrerqyvt forms the army, so vrerqyvt is not less proud than rksjuorr
izjc forms the army, so izjc is not less proud than odkahcf
ihejpzfupli forms the army, so ihejpzfupli is not less proud than ecmmjwrqslt
slh forms the army, cndtqgptw does not, so cndtqgptw is not more proud than slh
onbilthfnzs forms the army, cyqrehflju does not, so cyqrehflju is not more proud than onbilthfnzs
rksjuorr forms the army, vrerqyvt does not, so vrerqyvt is not more proud than rksjuorr
odkahcf forms the army, izjc does not, so izjc is not more proud than odkahcf
ecmmjwrqslt forms the army, ihejpzfupli does not, so ihejpzfupli is not more proud than ecmmjwrqslt
ludkkyyykjm goes back to zbxr's place, so ludkkyyykjm is more eager than zbxr
rtxetbphxud goes back to utwmkwki's place, so rtxetbphxud is more eager than utwmkwki
kwac goes back to xtsul's place, so kwac is more eager than xtsul
eepu goes back to vevu's place, so eepu is more eager than vevu
kqpmaikqfsxs goes back to dbkey's place, so kqpmaikqfsxs is more eager than dbkey
ludkkyyykjm goes back to zbxr's place, so zbxr is less eager than ludkkyyykjm
rtxetbphxud goes back to utwmkwki's place, so utwmkwki is less eager than rtxetbphxud
kwac goes back to xtsul's place, so xtsul is less eager than kwac
eepu goes back to vevu's place, so vevu is less eager than eepu
kqpmaikqfsxs goes back to dbkey's place, so dbkey is less eager than kqpmaikqfsxs
tnjuvfmwnebs goes back to lzbhmnu's place, so tnjuvfmwnebs is not less eager than lzbhmnu
zcsgcuexmkx goes back to tark's place, so zcsgcuexmkx is not less eager than tark
hgmjarptqlgv goes back to kqnpocj's place, so hgmjarptqlgv is not less eager than kqnpocj
sbxwqhugql goes back to cjbiknerlcld's place, so sbxwqhugql is not less eager than cjbiknerlcld
fgveep goes back to fjsormgc's place, so fgveep is not less eager than fjsormgc
lzbhmnu goes back to tnjuvfmwnebs's place, so tnjuvfmwnebs is not more eager than lzbhmnu
tark goes back to zcsgcuexmkx's place, so zcsgcuexmkx is not more eager than tark
kqnpocj goes back to hgmjarptqlgv's place, so hgmjarptqlgv is not more eager than kqnpocj
cjbiknerlcld goes back to sbxwqhugql's place, so sbxwqhugql is not more eager than cjbiknerlcld
fjsormgc goes back to fgveep's place, so fgveep is not more eager than fjsormgc
xdjpywuuz gets to know ykliifuv better than ykliifuv, so xdjpywuuz is more outgoing than ykliifuv
gpr gets to know ahtyfosvp better than ahtyfosvp, so gpr is more outgoing than ahtyfosvp
fvpaqzryfeaw gets to know lmia better than lmia, so fvpaqzryfeaw is more outgoing than lmia
ksfhh gets to know olhtzfvzkzk better than olhtzfvzkzk, so ksfhh is more outgoing than olhtzfvzkzk
qbq gets to know wfflz better than wfflz, so qbq is more outgoing than wfflz
xdjpywuuz gets to know ykliifuv better than ykliifuv, so ykliifuv is less outgoing than xdjpywuuz
gpr gets to know ahtyfosvp better than ahtyfosvp, so ahtyfosvp is less outgoing than gpr
fvpaqzryfeaw gets to know lmia better than lmia, so lmia is less outgoing than fvpaqzryfeaw
ksfhh gets to know olhtzfvzkzk better than olhtzfvzkzk, so olhtzfvzkzk is less outgoing than ksfhh
qbq gets to know wfflz better than wfflz, so wfflz is less outgoing than qbq
gmxc gets to know cnygxa better than cnygxa, so gmxc is not less outgoing than cnygxa
dimquiuieal gets to know wvqpchuh better than wvqpchuh, so dimquiuieal is not less outgoing than wvqpchuh
qhjfteviwt gets to know nwfzxsfbya better than nwfzxsfbya, so qhjfteviwt is not less outgoing than nwfzxsfbya
wepvkfmor gets to know tpgr better than tpgr, so wepvkfmor is not less outgoing than tpgr
sgxrkyaaxf gets to know rvzuk better than rvzuk, so sgxrkyaaxf is not less outgoing than rvzuk
cnygxa gets to know gmxc better than cnygxa, so gmxc is not more outgoing than cnygxa
wvqpchuh gets to know dimquiuieal better than wvqpchuh, so dimquiuieal is not more outgoing than wvqpchuh
nwfzxsfbya gets to know qhjfteviwt better than nwfzxsfbya, so qhjfteviwt is not more outgoing than nwfzxsfbya
tpgr gets to know wepvkfmor better than tpgr, so wepvkfmor is not more outgoing than tpgr
rvzuk gets to know sgxrkyaaxf better than rvzuk, so sgxrkyaaxf is not more outgoing than rvzuk
onjivbeuazh takes a photo of dnjeepdkdve, so onjivbeuazh is more artistic than dnjeepdkdve
hggjseiyizv takes a photo of eyghi, so hggjseiyizv is more artistic than eyghi
ivrtscf takes a photo of utxomxkn, so ivrtscf is more artistic than utxomxkn
hdfen takes a photo of fphxr, so hdfen is more artistic than fphxr
iyfgli takes a photo of axjz, so iyfgli is more artistic than axjz
onjivbeuazh takes a photo of dnjeepdkdve, so dnjeepdkdve is less artistic than onjivbeuazh
hggjseiyizv takes a photo of eyghi, so eyghi is less artistic than hggjseiyizv
ivrtscf takes a photo of utxomxkn, so utxomxkn is less artistic than ivrtscf
hdfen takes a photo of fphxr, so fphxr is less artistic than hdfen
iyfgli takes a photo of axjz, so axjz is less artistic than iyfgli
vkpwnphzrxkr takes a photo of kppxypbypwq, so vkpwnphzrxkr is not more artistic than kppxypbypwq
yelbaxs takes a photo of uopy, so yelbaxs is not more artistic than uopy
ugxgku takes a photo of dmaajwlf, so ugxgku is not more artistic than dmaajwlf
jfhlqoqezda takes a photo of dxjjaeerto, so jfhlqoqezda is not more artistic than dxjjaeerto
jzspsdyvnux takes a photo of xcxsslczjjgs, so jzspsdyvnux is not more artistic than xcxsslczjjgs
kppxypbypwq takes a photo of vkpwnphzrxkr, so vkpwnphzrxkr is not more artistic than kppxypbypwq
uopy takes a photo of yelbaxs, so yelbaxs is not more artistic than uopy
dmaajwlf takes a photo of ugxgku, so ugxgku is not more artistic than dmaajwlf
dxjjaeerto takes a photo of jfhlqoqezda, so jfhlqoqezda is not more artistic than dxjjaeerto
xcxsslczjjgs takes a photo of jzspsdyvnux, so jzspsdyvnux is not more artistic than xcxsslczjjgs
aixwr gives sncepunsss a refund, so aixwr is more honest than sncepunsss
bcirsgdr gives mizlzvzmwqdx a refund, so bcirsgdr is more honest than mizlzvzmwqdx
umzpdhx gives bqs a refund, so umzpdhx is more honest than bqs
calr gives ncj a refund, so calr is more honest than ncj
vncx gives cej a refund, so vncx is more honest than cej
aixwr gives sncepunsss a refund, so sncepunsss is less honest than aixwr
bcirsgdr gives mizlzvzmwqdx a refund, so mizlzvzmwqdx is less honest than bcirsgdr
umzpdhx gives bqs a refund, so bqs is less honest than umzpdhx
calr gives ncj a refund, so ncj is less honest than calr
vncx gives cej a refund, so cej is less honest than vncx
ibbanviaj gives edeh a refund, so ibbanviaj is not less honest than edeh
zlp gives agj a refund, so zlp is not less honest than agj
xwf gives rfegrshyt a refund, so xwf is not less honest than rfegrshyt
ckcb gives yjq a refund, so ckcb is not less honest than yjq
yemmhjbge gives emmfdmeibann a refund, so yemmhjbge is not less honest than emmfdmeibann
edeh gives ibbanviaj a refund, so ibbanviaj is not more honest than edeh
agj gives zlp a refund, so zlp is not more honest than agj
rfegrshyt gives xwf a refund, so xwf is not more honest than rfegrshyt
yjq gives ckcb a refund, so ckcb is not more honest than yjq
emmfdmeibann gives yemmhjbge a refund, so yemmhjbge is not more honest than emmfdmeibann
kwkine comes to cbsh's aid, so kwkine is more helpful than cbsh
ethmjphwfu comes to orirezrnk's aid, so ethmjphwfu is more helpful than orirezrnk
dxqx comes to tstacji's aid, so dxqx is more helpful than tstacji
svehnl comes to uedw's aid, so svehnl is more helpful than uedw
rboayyq comes to ujpmfqqchwfe's aid, so rboayyq is more helpful than ujpmfqqchwfe
kwkine comes to cbsh's aid, so cbsh is less helpful than kwkine
ethmjphwfu comes to orirezrnk's aid, so orirezrnk is less helpful than ethmjphwfu
dxqx comes to tstacji's aid, so tstacji is less helpful than dxqx
svehnl comes to uedw's aid, so uedw is less helpful than svehnl
rboayyq comes to ujpmfqqchwfe's aid, so ujpmfqqchwfe is less helpful than rboayyq
rcdfppyrw comes to cod's aid, so rcdfppyrw is not less helpful than cod
oaukx comes to fpehzuzgirdd's aid, so oaukx is not less helpful than fpehzuzgirdd
nyxog comes to btkzcma's aid, so nyxog is not less helpful than btkzcma
vwevwiufyazz comes to emmnhhfn's aid, so vwevwiufyazz is not less helpful than emmnhhfn
cgkmlligminm comes to leokzd's aid, so cgkmlligminm is not less helpful than leokzd
cod comes to rcdfppyrw's aid, so rcdfppyrw is not more helpful than cod
fpehzuzgirdd comes to oaukx's aid, so oaukx is not more helpful than fpehzuzgirdd
btkzcma comes to nyxog's aid, so nyxog is not more helpful than btkzcma
emmnhhfn comes to vwevwiufyazz's aid, so vwevwiufyazz is not more helpful than emmnhhfn
leokzd comes to cgkmlligminm's aid, so cgkmlligminm is not more helpful than leokzd
gmvgdydobulv helps biepbxwxbli find it, so gmvgdydobulv is more helpful than biepbxwxbli
bjdpmhbpjjy helps rhbvr find it, so bjdpmhbpjjy is more helpful than rhbvr
vxo helps nadjuctlzepr find it, so vxo is more helpful than nadjuctlzepr
mqehilqt helps lgvendftn find it, so mqehilqt is more helpful than lgvendftn
tyucza helps fgyfep find it, so tyucza is more helpful than fgyfep
gmvgdydobulv helps biepbxwxbli find it, so biepbxwxbli is more helpful than gmvgdydobulv
bjdpmhbpjjy helps rhbvr find it, so rhbvr is more helpful than bjdpmhbpjjy
vxo helps nadjuctlzepr find it, so nadjuctlzepr is more helpful than vxo
mqehilqt helps lgvendftn find it, so lgvendftn is more helpful than mqehilqt
tyucza helps fgyfep find it, so fgyfep is more helpful than tyucza
ptfdmmigouuc helps itmfxpux find it, so ptfdmmigouuc is not less helpful than itmfxpux
zlnwzerc helps ojfbzqgptqg find it, so zlnwzerc is not less helpful than ojfbzqgptqg
azoubtim helps xhageyqgm find it, so azoubtim is not less helpful than xhageyqgm
fqojjv helps gxgppjx find it, so fqojjv is not less helpful than gxgppjx
cpzop helps ndy find it, so cpzop is not less helpful than ndy
itmfxpux helps ptfdmmigouuc find it, so ptfdmmigouuc is not more helpful than itmfxpux
ojfbzqgptqg helps zlnwzerc find it, so zlnwzerc is not more helpful than ojfbzqgptqg
xhageyqgm helps azoubtim find it, so azoubtim is not more helpful than xhageyqgm
gxgppjx helps fqojjv find it, so fqojjv is not more helpful than gxgppjx
ndy helps cpzop find it, so cpzop is not more helpful than ndy
mknsrc invites uovatfx to share, so mknsrc is more unselfish than uovatfx
zftrhzzqocl invites tjb to share, so zftrhzzqocl is more unselfish than tjb
ejukkzgufv invites kfsf to share, so ejukkzgufv is more unselfish than kfsf
tligpvb invites uxo to share, so tligpvb is more unselfish than uxo
fxpd invites qbr to share, so fxpd is more unselfish than qbr
mknsrc invites uovatfx to share, so uovatfx is less unselfish than mknsrc
zftrhzzqocl invites tjb to share, so tjb is less unselfish than zftrhzzqocl
ejukkzgufv invites kfsf to share, so kfsf is less unselfish than ejukkzgufv
tligpvb invites uxo to share, so uxo is less unselfish than tligpvb
fxpd invites qbr to share, so qbr is less unselfish than fxpd
qcydvzq invites adkmyudoads to share, so qcydvzq is not less unselfish than adkmyudoads
tyi invites zisw to share, so tyi is not less unselfish than zisw
dhf invites vqcnluvffkg to share, so dhf is not less unselfish than vqcnluvffkg
dkwf invites eacrwbdf to share, so dkwf is not less unselfish than eacrwbdf
urbdql invites bbnkdmrjsgsu to share, so urbdql is not less unselfish than bbnkdmrjsgsu
adkmyudoads invites qcydvzq to share, so qcydvzq is not more unselfish than adkmyudoads
zisw invites tyi to share, so tyi is not more unselfish than zisw
vqcnluvffkg invites dhf to share, so dhf is not more unselfish than vqcnluvffkg
eacrwbdf invites dkwf to share, so dkwf is not more unselfish than eacrwbdf
bbnkdmrjsgsu invites urbdql to share, so urbdql is not more unselfish than bbnkdmrjsgsu
hhqp transports attuolxe to an island, so hhqp is more wealthy than attuolxe
nyujq transports fxjytcz to an island, so nyujq is more wealthy than fxjytcz
yueve transports wrobbpwfesu to an island, so yueve is more wealthy than wrobbpwfesu
ndcgvec transports ievgt to an island, so ndcgvec is more wealthy than ievgt
buiyoudcn transports fbjx to an island, so buiyoudcn is more wealthy than fbjx
hhqp transports attuolxe to an island, so attuolxe is less wealthy than hhqp
nyujq transports fxjytcz to an island, so fxjytcz is less wealthy than nyujq
yueve transports wrobbpwfesu to an island, so wrobbpwfesu is less wealthy than yueve
ndcgvec transports ievgt to an island, so ievgt is less wealthy than ndcgvec
buiyoudcn transports fbjx to an island, so fbjx is less wealthy than buiyoudcn
pdhbxkpvugzg transports kuao to an island, so pdhbxkpvugzg is not less wealthy than kuao
sfrfhupzql transports byzqnqkca to an island, so sfrfhupzql is not less wealthy than byzqnqkca
hjhmsketxvw transports aalqhqfl to an island, so hjhmsketxvw is not less wealthy than aalqhqfl
jjn transports xzedbobokn to an island, so jjn is not less wealthy than xzedbobokn
jrmjjx transports efkshomzzkxu to an island, so jrmjjx is not less wealthy than efkshomzzkxu
kuao transports pdhbxkpvugzg to an island, so pdhbxkpvugzg is not more wealthy than kuao
byzqnqkca transports sfrfhupzql to an island, so sfrfhupzql is not more wealthy than byzqnqkca
aalqhqfl transports hjhmsketxvw to an island, so hjhmsketxvw is not more wealthy than aalqhqfl
xzedbobokn transports jjn to an island, so jjn is not more wealthy than xzedbobokn
efkshomzzkxu transports jrmjjx to an island, so jrmjjx is not more wealthy than efkshomzzkxu
keximqyfqc kisses kwihktcecwc on both cheeks, so keximqyfqc is less friendly than kwihktcecwc
fopmuqkrs kisses soijcvybyca on both cheeks, so fopmuqkrs is less friendly than soijcvybyca
nps kisses lejcl on both cheeks, so nps is less friendly than lejcl
jmruiqyxety kisses mdbekskbll on both cheeks, so jmruiqyxety is less friendly than mdbekskbll
mbaqzj kisses ueuk on both cheeks, so mbaqzj is less friendly than ueuk
keximqyfqc kisses kwihktcecwc on both cheeks, so kwihktcecwc is less friendly than keximqyfqc
fopmuqkrs kisses soijcvybyca on both cheeks, so soijcvybyca is less friendly than fopmuqkrs
nps kisses lejcl on both cheeks, so lejcl is less friendly than nps
jmruiqyxety kisses mdbekskbll on both cheeks, so mdbekskbll is less friendly than jmruiqyxety
mbaqzj kisses ueuk on both cheeks, so ueuk is less friendly than mbaqzj
znvpdbgpehr kisses hdxfivk on both cheeks, so znvpdbgpehr is not less friendly than hdxfivk
mglyfuqhzqlx kisses fhnrk on both cheeks, so mglyfuqhzqlx is not less friendly than fhnrk
zcngjyi kisses ixzbjfycwx on both cheeks, so zcngjyi is not less friendly than ixzbjfycwx
tioy kisses zpyymkidvsl on both cheeks, so tioy is not less friendly than zpyymkidvsl
ssoqrb kisses nadriex on both cheeks, so ssoqrb is not less friendly than nadriex
hdxfivk kisses znvpdbgpehr on both cheeks, so znvpdbgpehr is not more friendly than hdxfivk
fhnrk kisses mglyfuqhzqlx on both cheeks, so mglyfuqhzqlx is not more friendly than fhnrk
ixzbjfycwx kisses zcngjyi on both cheeks, so zcngjyi is not more friendly than ixzbjfycwx
zpyymkidvsl kisses tioy on both cheeks, so tioy is not more friendly than zpyymkidvsl
nadriex kisses ssoqrb on both cheeks, so ssoqrb is not more friendly than nadriex
elbimus gets iaobskp into trouble, so elbimus is more in charge than iaobskp
bjxtqegjbzqp gets ahhzy into trouble, so bjxtqegjbzqp is more in charge than ahhzy
iqqqrhb gets mrofgyutbpdn into trouble, so iqqqrhb is more in charge than mrofgyutbpdn
dddrbbiqan gets qjghjhxq into trouble, so dddrbbiqan is more in charge than qjghjhxq
umtjewuxh gets dxrephywk into trouble, so umtjewuxh is more in charge than dxrephywk
elbimus gets iaobskp into trouble, so iaobskp is less in charge than elbimus
bjxtqegjbzqp gets ahhzy into trouble, so ahhzy is less in charge than bjxtqegjbzqp
iqqqrhb gets mrofgyutbpdn into trouble, so mrofgyutbpdn is less in charge than iqqqrhb
dddrbbiqan gets qjghjhxq into trouble, so qjghjhxq is less in charge than dddrbbiqan
umtjewuxh gets dxrephywk into trouble, so dxrephywk is less in charge than umtjewuxh
flnpfyg gets into trouble more than frflwvifqgb, so flnpfyg is not less in charge than frflwvifqgb
rxk gets into trouble more than mfcb, so rxk is not less in charge than mfcb
wddrebf gets into trouble more than yfzcxmgp, so wddrebf is not less in charge than yfzcxmgp
yyrz gets into trouble more than szdndcvhxr, so yyrz is not less in charge than szdndcvhxr
firsfs gets into trouble more than wbckcjtq, so firsfs is not less in charge than wbckcjtq
frflwvifqgb gets flnpfyg into trouble, so flnpfyg is not more in charge than frflwvifqgb
mfcb gets rxk into trouble, so rxk is not more in charge than mfcb
yfzcxmgp gets wddrebf into trouble, so wddrebf is not more in charge than yfzcxmgp
szdndcvhxr gets yyrz into trouble, so yyrz is not more in charge than szdndcvhxr
wbckcjtq gets firsfs into trouble, so firsfs is not more in charge than wbckcjtq
zprlulxu gives zij the names, so zprlulxu is a less worker than zij
oxpeousjdvgp gives uaphldt the names, so oxpeousjdvgp is a less worker than uaphldt
mlwnjfvdsm gives einndttq the names, so mlwnjfvdsm is a less worker than einndttq
fjjwq gives fctdbhwyqsfp the names, so fjjwq is a less worker than fctdbhwyqsfp
ndd gives yfwygups the names, so ndd is a less worker than yfwygups
zprlulxu gives zij names, so zij is a less worker than zprlulxu
oxpeousjdvgp gives uaphldt names, so uaphldt is a less worker than oxpeousjdvgp
mlwnjfvdsm gives einndttq names, so einndttq is a less worker than mlwnjfvdsm
fjjwq gives fctdbhwyqsfp names, so fctdbhwyqsfp is a less worker than fjjwq
ndd gives yfwygups names, so yfwygups is a less worker than ndd
knrnfexqoub gives lqyifdzlgigl the names, so knrnfexqoub is not less worker than lqyifdzlgigl
qbmqjauq gives vhqczz the names, so qbmqjauq is not less worker than vhqczz
pppkzrtkjfs gives rkvuzxclwumw the names, so pppkzrtkjfs is not less worker than rkvuzxclwumw
swvinn gives ohsce the names, so swvinn is not less worker than ohsce
mzmozlbxwjdk gives crbouhi the names, so mzmozlbxwjdk is not less worker than crbouhi
lqyifdzlgigl gives knrnfexqoub names, so knrnfexqoub is not more worker than lqyifdzlgigl
vhqczz gives qbmqjauq names, so qbmqjauq is not more worker than vhqczz
rkvuzxclwumw gives pppkzrtkjfs names, so pppkzrtkjfs is not more worker than rkvuzxclwumw
ohsce gives swvinn names, so swvinn is not more worker than ohsce
crbouhi gives mzmozlbxwjdk names, so mzmozlbxwjdk is not more worker than crbouhi
quybiu sends feynabhh flowers, so quybiu is more warmhearted than feynabhh
izts sends icbqce flowers, so izts is more warmhearted than icbqce
wccniko sends qlf flowers, so wccniko is more warmhearted than qlf
aiv sends mjl flowers, so aiv is more warmhearted than mjl
qbg sends jagcu flowers, so qbg is more warmhearted than jagcu
quybiu sends feynabhh flowers, so feynabhh is less warmhearted than quybiu
izts sends icbqce flowers, so icbqce is less warmhearted than izts
wccniko sends qlf flowers, so qlf is less warmhearted than wccniko
aiv sends mjl flowers, so mjl is less warmhearted than aiv
qbg sends jagcu flowers, so jagcu is less warmhearted than qbg
hszpheraeu sends vqynwxkkbjlh flowers, so hszpheraeu is not less warmhearted than vqynwxkkbjlh
qkdbdltx sends tbmwntkbh flowers, so qkdbdltx is not less warmhearted than tbmwntkbh
tylqwfzms sends djaeezzpjyny flowers, so tylqwfzms is not less warmhearted than djaeezzpjyny
zhmw sends nwvmgdi flowers, so zhmw is not less warmhearted than nwvmgdi
tpmsj sends oovsubyrfaf flowers, so tpmsj is not less warmhearted than oovsubyrfaf
vqynwxkkbjlh sends hszpheraeu flowers, so hszpheraeu is not more warmhearted than vqynwxkkbjlh
tbmwntkbh sends qkdbdltx flowers, so qkdbdltx is not more warmhearted than tbmwntkbh
djaeezzpjyny sends tylqwfzms flowers, so tylqwfzms is not more warmhearted than djaeezzpjyny
nwvmgdi sends zhmw flowers, so zhmw is not more warmhearted than nwvmgdi
oovsubyrfaf sends tpmsj flowers, so tpmsj is not more warmhearted than oovsubyrfaf
bcd passes the law, hopbdp does not, so bcd is more responsible than hopbdp
rwmdqigkhuwl passes the law, jokkl does not, so rwmdqigkhuwl is more responsible than jokkl
qwmwjasvzwfa passes the law, lcehxmj does not, so qwmwjasvzwfa is more responsible than lcehxmj
znnxr passes the law, erewvvsqe does not, so znnxr is more responsible than erewvvsqe
swoncoaksu passes the law, pbtasettsvfc does not, so swoncoaksu is more responsible than pbtasettsvfc
bcd passes the law, hopbdp does not, so hopbdp is less responsible than bcd
rwmdqigkhuwl passes the law, jokkl does not, so jokkl is less responsible than rwmdqigkhuwl
qwmwjasvzwfa passes the law, lcehxmj does not, so lcehxmj is less responsible than qwmwjasvzwfa
znnxr passes the law, erewvvsqe does not, so erewvvsqe is less responsible than znnxr
swoncoaksu passes the law, pbtasettsvfc does not, so pbtasettsvfc is less responsible than swoncoaksu
orbkt passes the law more than shrxibcfzi, so orbkt is not less responsible than shrxibcfzi
pjepgpfzx passes the law more than vkm, so pjepgpfzx is not less responsible than vkm
svqthy passes the law more than kwctwtgtt, so svqthy is not less responsible than kwctwtgtt
zmka passes the law more than gmsfsytiwc, so zmka is not less responsible than gmsfsytiwc
enmcch passes the law more than pxfdatrnl, so enmcch is not less responsible than pxfdatrnl
shrxibcfzi passes the law, orbkt does not, so orbkt is not more responsible than shrxibcfzi
vkm passes the law, pjepgpfzx does not, so pjepgpfzx is not more responsible than vkm
kwctwtgtt passes the law, svqthy does not, so svqthy is not more responsible than kwctwtgtt
gmsfsytiwc passes the law, zmka does not, so zmka is not more responsible than gmsfsytiwc
pxfdatrnl passes the law, enmcch does not, so enmcch is not more responsible than pxfdatrnl
momdddj takes care of the another person while crlizwa does not, so momdddj is more compassionate than crlizwa
odt takes care of the another person while izgpzdcxoo does not, so odt is more compassionate than izgpzdcxoo
ryjcazfeq takes care of the another person while gxiiclrcgr does not, so ryjcazfeq is more compassionate than gxiiclrcgr
adrwovtifkq takes care of the another person while chgowxn does not, so adrwovtifkq is more compassionate than chgowxn
hdriqdy takes care of the another person while wzycfdvvfs does not, so hdriqdy is more compassionate than wzycfdvvfs
momdddj takes care of the another person while crlizwa does not, so crlizwa is less compassionate than momdddj
odt takes care of the another person while izgpzdcxoo does not, so izgpzdcxoo is less compassionate than odt
ryjcazfeq takes care of the another person while gxiiclrcgr does not, so gxiiclrcgr is less compassionate than ryjcazfeq
adrwovtifkq takes care of the another person while chgowxn does not, so chgowxn is less compassionate than adrwovtifkq
hdriqdy takes care of the another person while wzycfdvvfs does not, so wzycfdvvfs is less compassionate than hdriqdy
yoagw takes care of the another person while ofosdpizee does not, so yoagw is not less compassionate than ofosdpizee
jhxxugioxnyl takes care of the another person while glshwailqgh does not, so jhxxugioxnyl is not less compassionate than glshwailqgh
rrxwa takes care of the another person while obcffiddef does not, so rrxwa is not less compassionate than obcffiddef
qixbk takes care of the another person while mscqwyybia does not, so qixbk is not less compassionate than mscqwyybia
tye takes care of the another person while wunnd does not, so tye is not less compassionate than wunnd
ofosdpizee takes care of the another person while yoagw does not, so yoagw is not more compassionate than ofosdpizee
glshwailqgh takes care of the another person while jhxxugioxnyl does not, so jhxxugioxnyl is not more compassionate than glshwailqgh
obcffiddef takes care of the another person while rrxwa does not, so rrxwa is not more compassionate than obcffiddef
mscqwyybia takes care of the another person while qixbk does not, so qixbk is not more compassionate than mscqwyybia
wunnd takes care of the another person while tye does not, so tye is not more compassionate than wunnd
xwasujgxhb finishes another person's hike while snkocb does not, so xwasujgxhb is more satisfied than snkocb
uztlb finishes another person's hike while kepswxsqz does not, so uztlb is more satisfied than kepswxsqz
cdskpaiyg finishes another person's hike while lkpgbsj does not, so cdskpaiyg is more satisfied than lkpgbsj
aolsbg finishes another person's hike while dxj does not, so aolsbg is more satisfied than dxj
sms finishes another person's hike while qedxqgolqij does not, so sms is more satisfied than qedxqgolqij
xwasujgxhb finishes another person's hike while snkocb does not, so snkocb is less satisfied than xwasujgxhb
uztlb finishes another person's hike while kepswxsqz does not, so kepswxsqz is less satisfied than uztlb
cdskpaiyg finishes another person's hike while lkpgbsj does not, so lkpgbsj is less satisfied than cdskpaiyg
aolsbg finishes another person's hike while dxj does not, so dxj is less satisfied than aolsbg
sms finishes another person's hike while qedxqgolqij does not, so qedxqgolqij is less satisfied than sms
nnuqqkso finishes another person's hike while wbjwmic does not, so nnuqqkso is not more satisfied than wbjwmic
ieffeesuhi finishes another person's hike while vnqcenss does not, so ieffeesuhi is not more satisfied than vnqcenss
cadxswmmk finishes another person's hike while vbtcovo does not, so cadxswmmk is not more satisfied than vbtcovo
eywuimnjtnz finishes another person's hike while dkxhv does not, so eywuimnjtnz is not more satisfied than dkxhv
dzztamsgnaei finishes another person's hike while tpw does not, so dzztamsgnaei is not more satisfied than tpw
wbjwmic finishes another person's hike while nnuqqkso does not, so nnuqqkso is not more satisfied than wbjwmic
vnqcenss finishes another person's hike while ieffeesuhi does not, so ieffeesuhi is not more satisfied than vnqcenss
vbtcovo finishes another person's hike while cadxswmmk does not, so cadxswmmk is not more satisfied than vbtcovo
dkxhv finishes another person's hike while eywuimnjtnz does not, so eywuimnjtnz is not more satisfied than dkxhv
tpw finishes another person's hike while dzztamsgnaei does not, so dzztamsgnaei is not more satisfied than tpw
fgoow plays video games all day while hhwflmjb does not, so fgoow is more lazy than hhwflmjb
wqhyhf plays video games all day while fssnfp does not, so wqhyhf is more lazy than fssnfp
odxnnzmivo plays video games all day while nakqau does not, so odxnnzmivo is more lazy than nakqau
yxfdiyp plays video games all day while wnjxees does not, so yxfdiyp is more lazy than wnjxees
vqkrbu plays video games all day while nxm does not, so vqkrbu is more lazy than nxm
fgoow plays video games all day while hhwflmjb does not, so hhwflmjb is less lazy than fgoow
wqhyhf plays video games all day while fssnfp does not, so fssnfp is less lazy than wqhyhf
odxnnzmivo plays video games all day while nakqau does not, so nakqau is less lazy than odxnnzmivo
yxfdiyp plays video games all day while wnjxees does not, so wnjxees is less lazy than yxfdiyp
vqkrbu plays video games all day while nxm does not, so nxm is less lazy than vqkrbu
uuikxqefsk plays video games all day while ybywqghlp does not, so uuikxqefsk is not less lazy than ybywqghlp
aslxme plays video games all day while ldpd does not, so aslxme is not less lazy than ldpd
qhwxk plays video games all day while txkiexfrpr does not, so qhwxk is not less lazy than txkiexfrpr
vkb plays video games all day while bysautqjytqo does not, so vkb is not less lazy than bysautqjytqo
paiz plays video games all day while zjpgspvn does not, so paiz is not less lazy than zjpgspvn
ybywqghlp plays video games all day while uuikxqefsk does not, so uuikxqefsk is not more lazy than ybywqghlp
ldpd plays video games all day while aslxme does not, so aslxme is not more lazy than ldpd
txkiexfrpr plays video games all day while qhwxk does not, so qhwxk is not more lazy than txkiexfrpr
bysautqjytqo plays video games all day while vkb does not, so vkb is not more lazy than bysautqjytqo
zjpgspvn plays video games all day while paiz does not, so paiz is not more lazy than zjpgspvn
mtipigb takes another person aside while nbsikjmsi does not, so mtipigb is more giving than nbsikjmsi
kzapfwgaxam takes another person aside while ypf does not, so kzapfwgaxam is more giving than ypf
xdgydfpqswd takes another person aside while gcdv does not, so xdgydfpqswd is more giving than gcdv
yjm takes another person aside while hxlrodztwygt does not, so yjm is more giving than hxlrodztwygt
aayqckglsjs takes another person aside while ghfxfnpqxctz does not, so aayqckglsjs is more giving than ghfxfnpqxctz
mtipigb takes another person aside while nbsikjmsi does not, so nbsikjmsi is less giving than mtipigb
kzapfwgaxam takes another person aside while ypf does not, so ypf is less giving than kzapfwgaxam
xdgydfpqswd takes another person aside while gcdv does not, so gcdv is less giving than xdgydfpqswd
yjm takes another person aside while hxlrodztwygt does not, so hxlrodztwygt is less giving than yjm
aayqckglsjs takes another person aside while ghfxfnpqxctz does not, so ghfxfnpqxctz is less giving than aayqckglsjs
jkegmtnoqi takes another person aside while npzftnhlbp does not, so jkegmtnoqi is not less giving than npzftnhlbp
idxkwdm takes another person aside while zee does not, so idxkwdm is not less giving than zee
omssdwkjadt takes another person aside while onlim does not, so omssdwkjadt is not less giving than onlim
zktmuaiqnmrf takes another person aside while mfiet does not, so zktmuaiqnmrf is not less giving than mfiet
oiymymtsdx takes another person aside while juckzye does not, so oiymymtsdx is not less giving than juckzye
npzftnhlbp takes another person aside while jkegmtnoqi does not, so jkegmtnoqi is not more giving than npzftnhlbp
zee takes another person aside while idxkwdm does not, so idxkwdm is not more giving than zee
onlim takes another person aside while omssdwkjadt does not, so omssdwkjadt is not more giving than onlim
mfiet takes another person aside while zktmuaiqnmrf does not, so zktmuaiqnmrf is not more giving than mfiet
juckzye takes another person aside while oiymymtsdx does not, so oiymymtsdx is not more giving than juckzye
vqfwu takes the stairs while aqkhinxl does not, so vqfwu is less healthy than aqkhinxl
vqfdwoakgb takes the stairs while nfx does not, so vqfdwoakgb is less healthy than nfx
ywktsjzoq takes the stairs while dwovbxvms does not, so ywktsjzoq is less healthy than dwovbxvms
llfbibuot takes the stairs while maidyi does not, so llfbibuot is less healthy than maidyi
jezvzboe takes the stairs while vtvkq does not, so jezvzboe is less healthy than vtvkq
vqfwu takes the stairs while aqkhinxl does not, so aqkhinxl is less healthy than vqfwu
vqfdwoakgb takes the stairs while nfx does not, so nfx is less healthy than vqfdwoakgb
ywktsjzoq takes the stairs while dwovbxvms does not, so dwovbxvms is less healthy than ywktsjzoq
llfbibuot takes the stairs while maidyi does not, so maidyi is less healthy than llfbibuot
jezvzboe takes the stairs while vtvkq does not, so vtvkq is less healthy than jezvzboe
qzzjhudu takes the stairs while qzcemzyq does not, so qzzjhudu is not less healthy than qzcemzyq
qcchcrljuf takes the stairs while ynfjvnsduvb does not, so qcchcrljuf is not less healthy than ynfjvnsduvb
ajngwbf takes the stairs while mweeanr does not, so ajngwbf is not less healthy than mweeanr
pdzn takes the stairs while bxpa does not, so pdzn is not less healthy than bxpa
goldp takes the stairs while ouoss does not, so goldp is not less healthy than ouoss
qzcemzyq takes the stairs while qzzjhudu does not, so qzzjhudu is not more healthy than qzcemzyq
ynfjvnsduvb takes the stairs while qcchcrljuf does not, so qcchcrljuf is not more healthy than ynfjvnsduvb
mweeanr takes the stairs while ajngwbf does not, so ajngwbf is not more healthy than mweeanr
bxpa takes the stairs while pdzn does not, so pdzn is not more healthy than bxpa
ouoss takes the stairs while goldp does not, so goldp is not more healthy than ouoss
qnwxz pulls their finger out while rtknlg does not, so qnwxz is more surprised than rtknlg
lfgcxptjswg pulls their finger out while vkaym does not, so lfgcxptjswg is more surprised than vkaym
cuklymwerz pulls their finger out while bwokeexwbiv does not, so cuklymwerz is more surprised than bwokeexwbiv
enrattgxu pulls their finger out while qepkzcns does not, so enrattgxu is more surprised than qepkzcns
itfzx pulls their finger out while lfhwptltgcn does not, so itfzx is more surprised than lfhwptltgcn
qnwxz pulls their finger out while rtknlg does not, so rtknlg is less surprised than qnwxz
lfgcxptjswg pulls their finger out while vkaym does not, so vkaym is less surprised than lfgcxptjswg
cuklymwerz pulls their finger out while bwokeexwbiv does not, so bwokeexwbiv is less surprised than cuklymwerz
enrattgxu pulls their finger out while qepkzcns does not, so qepkzcns is less surprised than enrattgxu
itfzx pulls their finger out while lfhwptltgcn does not, so lfhwptltgcn is less surprised than itfzx
xcfcpq pulls their finger out while bxipsqbl does not, so xcfcpq is not less surprised than bxipsqbl
szvssyzpi pulls their finger out while tjhwagpd does not, so szvssyzpi is not less surprised than tjhwagpd
rjsqzgtfdwph pulls their finger out while kumuqqcntmle does not, so rjsqzgtfdwph is not less surprised than kumuqqcntmle
bhhoxnpddxs pulls their finger out while ltkqwzap does not, so bhhoxnpddxs is not less surprised than ltkqwzap
vgiolkujnb pulls their finger out while ldpqfdx does not, so vgiolkujnb is not less surprised than ldpqfdx
bxipsqbl pulls their finger out while xcfcpq does not, so xcfcpq is not more surprised than bxipsqbl
tjhwagpd pulls their finger out while szvssyzpi does not, so szvssyzpi is not more surprised than tjhwagpd
kumuqqcntmle pulls their finger out while rjsqzgtfdwph does not, so rjsqzgtfdwph is not more surprised than kumuqqcntmle
ltkqwzap pulls their finger out while bhhoxnpddxs does not, so bhhoxnpddxs is not more surprised than ltkqwzap
ldpqfdx pulls their finger out while vgiolkujnb does not, so vgiolkujnb is not more surprised than ldpqfdx
lvnsgsc picks corners while wcxht does not, so lvnsgsc is more confident than wcxht
odwdv picks corners while rzsottupbjdl does not, so odwdv is more confident than rzsottupbjdl
edtm picks corners while jrkhmjc does not, so edtm is more confident than jrkhmjc
pnkx picks corners while eesijgagjhwk does not, so pnkx is more confident than eesijgagjhwk
awokzc picks corners while awzynxkao does not, so awokzc is more confident than awzynxkao
lvnsgsc picks corners while wcxht does not, so wcxht is more confident than lvnsgsc
odwdv picks corners while rzsottupbjdl does not, so rzsottupbjdl is more confident than odwdv
edtm picks corners while jrkhmjc does not, so jrkhmjc is more confident than edtm
pnkx picks corners while eesijgagjhwk does not, so eesijgagjhwk is more confident than pnkx
awokzc picks corners while awzynxkao does not, so awzynxkao is more confident than awokzc
twlzhimb picks corners while gabnndnc does not, so twlzhimb is not less confident than gabnndnc
dqcirsfr picks corners while ukpmr does not, so dqcirsfr is not less confident than ukpmr
fxdv picks corners while vibhdzxzmgpx does not, so fxdv is not less confident than vibhdzxzmgpx
tjzhjtix picks corners while zycudll does not, so tjzhjtix is not less confident than zycudll
srtw picks corners while ipqoyqf does not, so srtw is not less confident than ipqoyqf
gabnndnc picks corners while twlzhimb does not, so twlzhimb is not more confident than gabnndnc
ukpmr picks corners while dqcirsfr does not, so dqcirsfr is not more confident than ukpmr
vibhdzxzmgpx picks corners while fxdv does not, so fxdv is not more confident than vibhdzxzmgpx
zycudll picks corners while tjzhjtix does not, so tjzhjtix is not more confident than zycudll
ipqoyqf picks corners while srtw does not, so srtw is not more confident than ipqoyqf
xgx brings another person something while ejzcs does not, so xgx is less attentive than ejzcs
uxcfub brings another person something while lqfi does not, so uxcfub is less attentive than lqfi
arvrh brings another person something while rcjkwqkgvx does not, so arvrh is less attentive than rcjkwqkgvx
oluumejiqxs brings another person something while fjicaxwbjigq does not, so oluumejiqxs is less attentive than fjicaxwbjigq
tef brings another person something while jyk does not, so tef is less attentive than jyk
xgx brings another person something while ejzcs does not, so ejzcs is less attentive than xgx
uxcfub brings another person something while lqfi does not, so lqfi is less attentive than uxcfub
arvrh brings another person something while rcjkwqkgvx does not, so rcjkwqkgvx is less attentive than arvrh
oluumejiqxs brings another person something while fjicaxwbjigq does not, so fjicaxwbjigq is less attentive than oluumejiqxs
tef brings another person something while jyk does not, so jyk is less attentive than tef
mbb brings another person something while wfearxvmmb does not, so mbb is not less attentive than wfearxvmmb
cszzkploccwg brings another person something while conxvvjgq does not, so cszzkploccwg is not less attentive than conxvvjgq
fviw brings another person something while efjusfccjll does not, so fviw is not less attentive than efjusfccjll
lxzkfl brings another person something while tkvundek does not, so lxzkfl is not less attentive than tkvundek
yuz brings another person something while xwzbbv does not, so yuz is not less attentive than xwzbbv
wfearxvmmb brings another person something while mbb does not, so mbb is not more attentive than wfearxvmmb
conxvvjgq brings another person something while cszzkploccwg does not, so cszzkploccwg is not more attentive than conxvvjgq
efjusfccjll brings another person something while fviw does not, so fviw is not more attentive than efjusfccjll
tkvundek brings another person something while lxzkfl does not, so lxzkfl is not more attentive than tkvundek
xwzbbv brings another person something while yuz does not, so yuz is not more attentive than xwzbbv
snvur is on a business trip while sybtgno is not, so snvur is more prepared than sybtgno
ymc is on a business trip while nkkxmvofz is not, so ymc is more prepared than nkkxmvofz
eum is on a business trip while bqbca is not, so eum is more prepared than bqbca
afbnhe is on a business trip while ylznjc is not, so afbnhe is more prepared than ylznjc
gfbrih is on a business trip while rry is not, so gfbrih is more prepared than rry
snvur is on a business trip while sybtgno is not, so sybtgno is less prepared than snvur
ymc is on a business trip while nkkxmvofz is not, so nkkxmvofz is less prepared than ymc
eum is on a business trip while bqbca is not, so bqbca is less prepared than eum
afbnhe is on a business trip while ylznjc is not, so ylznjc is less prepared than afbnhe
gfbrih is on a business trip while rry is not, so rry is less prepared than gfbrih
whiqwkytst is on a business trip while araqz is not, so whiqwkytst is not less prepared than araqz
tpzeoeqofqu is on a business trip while oyodsd is not, so tpzeoeqofqu is not less prepared than oyodsd
bydu is on a business trip while fnwtpfykprq is not, so bydu is not less prepared than fnwtpfykprq
lvnlbe is on a business trip while fzjayag is not, so lvnlbe is not less prepared than fzjayag
lsrhlxv is on a business trip while bodrrnuyggb is not, so lsrhlxv is not less prepared than bodrrnuyggb
araqz is on a business trip while whiqwkytst is not, so whiqwkytst is not more prepared than araqz
oyodsd is on a business trip while tpzeoeqofqu is not, so tpzeoeqofqu is not more prepared than oyodsd
fnwtpfykprq is on a business trip while bydu is not, so bydu is not more prepared than fnwtpfykprq
fzjayag is on a business trip while lvnlbe is not, so lvnlbe is not more prepared than fzjayag
bodrrnuyggb is on a business trip while lsrhlxv is not, so lsrhlxv is not more prepared than bodrrnuyggb
ywqxwxtdkfxp brings another person's umbrella while iuxongq does not, so ywqxwxtdkfxp is more considerate than iuxongq
zsmajtdvk brings another person's umbrella while hpauiqgkfzx does not, so zsmajtdvk is more considerate than hpauiqgkfzx
vrfwhmyv brings another person's umbrella while xaejog does not, so vrfwhmyv is more considerate than xaejog
ttdipviksk brings another person's umbrella while gsrhhxby does not, so ttdipviksk is more considerate than gsrhhxby
ohmgjigr brings another person's umbrella while sekse does not, so ohmgjigr is more considerate than sekse
ywqxwxtdkfxp brings another person's umbrella while iuxongq does not, so iuxongq is less considerate than ywqxwxtdkfxp
zsmajtdvk brings another person's umbrella while hpauiqgkfzx does not, so hpauiqgkfzx is less considerate than zsmajtdvk
vrfwhmyv brings another person's umbrella while xaejog does not, so xaejog is less considerate than vrfwhmyv
ttdipviksk brings another person's umbrella while gsrhhxby does not, so gsrhhxby is less considerate than ttdipviksk
ohmgjigr brings another person's umbrella while sekse does not, so sekse is less considerate than ohmgjigr
sdlaxvr brings another person's umbrella while mucmhxhl does not, so sdlaxvr is not less considerate than mucmhxhl
mbptexemhrb brings another person's umbrella while tpbgbgi does not, so mbptexemhrb is not less considerate than tpbgbgi
raw brings another person's umbrella while sodlvipejbo does not, so raw is not less considerate than sodlvipejbo
rper brings another person's umbrella while vfzxvpowfax does not, so rper is not less considerate than vfzxvpowfax
lwdpxxw brings another person's umbrella while fxotalwirw does not, so lwdpxxw is not less considerate than fxotalwirw
mucmhxhl brings another person's umbrella while sdlaxvr does not, so sdlaxvr is not more considerate than mucmhxhl
tpbgbgi brings another person's umbrella while mbptexemhrb does not, so mbptexemhrb is not more considerate than tpbgbgi
sodlvipejbo brings another person's umbrella while raw does not, so raw is not more considerate than sodlvipejbo
vfzxvpowfax brings another person's umbrella while rper does not, so rper is not more considerate than vfzxvpowfax
fxotalwirw brings another person's umbrella while lwdpxxw does not, so lwdpxxw is not more considerate than fxotalwirw
pvd never came while oki did, so pvd is less flakey than oki
vgbcc never came while hgql did, so vgbcc is less flakey than hgql
cezi never came while zti did, so cezi is less flakey than zti
erdoigsicg never came while qig did, so erdoigsicg is less flakey than qig
lzfnehji never came while kxj did, so lzfnehji is less flakey than kxj
pvd never came, so oki is less flakey than pvd
vgbcc never came, so hgql is less flakey than vgbcc
cezi never came, so zti is less flakey than cezi
erdoigsicg never came, so qig is less flakey than erdoigsicg
lzfnehji never came, so kxj is less flakey than lzfnehji
chwgxjxh never came, so chwgxjxh is not more flakey than crixgeibtk
lmddlunxnm never came, so lmddlunxnm is not more flakey than sdqpp
umc never came, so umc is not more flakey than jbk
knikgrzgx never came, so knikgrzgx is not more flakey than yhpzowekc
orwa never came, so orwa is not more flakey than otjoycj
crixgeibtk never came, so chwgxjxh is not more flakey than crixgeibtk
sdqpp never came, so lmddlunxnm is not more flakey than sdqpp
jbk never came, so umc is not more flakey than jbk
yhpzowekc never came, so knikgrzgx is not more flakey than yhpzowekc
otjoycj never came, so orwa is not more flakey than otjoycj
mksofyuq gets a bad grade while iwjywcfd does not, so mksofyuq is more nervous than iwjywcfd
gsjqhdp gets a bad grade while feairnq does not, so gsjqhdp is more nervous than feairnq
ztb gets a bad grade while ayjzuorhl does not, so ztb is more nervous than ayjzuorhl
lcqwzhcj gets a bad grade while siyer does not, so lcqwzhcj is more nervous than siyer
psh gets a bad grade while beygzch does not, so psh is more nervous than beygzch
mksofyuq gets a bad grade while iwjywcfd does not, so iwjywcfd is less nervous than mksofyuq
gsjqhdp gets a bad grade while feairnq does not, so feairnq is less nervous than gsjqhdp
ztb gets a bad grade while ayjzuorhl does not, so ayjzuorhl is less nervous than ztb
lcqwzhcj gets a bad grade while siyer does not, so siyer is less nervous than lcqwzhcj
psh gets a bad grade while beygzch does not, so beygzch is less nervous than psh
ltclma gets a bad grade while eitodqb does not, so ltclma is not less nervous than eitodqb
qtdz gets a bad grade while vvittqjtsud does not, so qtdz is not less nervous than vvittqjtsud
gaymo gets a bad grade while lxuqjug does not, so gaymo is not less nervous than lxuqjug
tpbxympmvykd gets a bad grade while pcwmshxf does not, so tpbxympmvykd is not less nervous than pcwmshxf
jbgmw gets a bad grade while kexuhfwmknxm does not, so jbgmw is not less nervous than kexuhfwmknxm
eitodqb gets a bad grade while ltclma does not, so ltclma is not more nervous than eitodqb
vvittqjtsud gets a bad grade while qtdz does not, so qtdz is not more nervous than vvittqjtsud
lxuqjug gets a bad grade while gaymo does not, so gaymo is not more nervous than lxuqjug
pcwmshxf gets a bad grade while tpbxympmvykd does not, so tpbxympmvykd is not more nervous than pcwmshxf
kexuhfwmknxm gets a bad grade while jbgmw does not, so jbgmw is not more nervous than kexuhfwmknxm
wzxquhyu starts talking to another person while akgivovkrq does not, so wzxquhyu is less sociable than akgivovkrq
lntpsgfvr starts talking to another person while guwxdmnh does not, so lntpsgfvr is less sociable than guwxdmnh
vxivqoywli starts talking to another person while cromqwclmuz does not, so vxivqoywli is less sociable than cromqwclmuz
rreyq starts talking to another person while yyfzisetxeg does not, so rreyq is less sociable than yyfzisetxeg
mdmuyzuuhjhn starts talking to another person while uinxhnvby does not, so mdmuyzuuhjhn is less sociable than uinxhnvby
wzxquhyu starts talking to another person while akgivovkrq does not, so akgivovkrq is less sociable than wzxquhyu
lntpsgfvr starts talking to another person while guwxdmnh does not, so guwxdmnh is less sociable than lntpsgfvr
vxivqoywli starts talking to another person while cromqwclmuz does not, so cromqwclmuz is less sociable than vxivqoywli
rreyq starts talking to another person while yyfzisetxeg does not, so yyfzisetxeg is less sociable than rreyq
mdmuyzuuhjhn starts talking to another person while uinxhnvby does not, so uinxhnvby is less sociable than mdmuyzuuhjhn
cthioovqiy starts talking to another person while cyze does not, so cthioovqiy is not less sociable than cyze
qalwkxty starts talking to another person while czcep does not, so qalwkxty is not less sociable than czcep
vmevs starts talking to another person while rgroezo does not, so vmevs is not less sociable than rgroezo
upiukppqp starts talking to another person while jenps does not, so upiukppqp is not less sociable than jenps
zliuty starts talking to another person while fnlqoyxiog does not, so zliuty is not less sociable than fnlqoyxiog
cyze starts talking to another person while cthioovqiy does not, so cthioovqiy is not more sociable than cyze
czcep starts talking to another person while qalwkxty does not, so qalwkxty is not more sociable than czcep
rgroezo starts talking to another person while vmevs does not, so vmevs is not more sociable than rgroezo
jenps starts talking to another person while upiukppqp does not, so upiukppqp is not more sociable than jenps
fnlqoyxiog starts talking to another person while zliuty does not, so zliuty is not more sociable than fnlqoyxiog
wrqposg likes the sound of their own voice while dad does not, so wrqposg is more attentive than dad
yzwneiusycxi likes the sound of their own voice while vinyewsi does not, so yzwneiusycxi is more attentive than vinyewsi
phtkfhbrm likes the sound of their own voice while hovqyysx does not, so phtkfhbrm is more attentive than hovqyysx
yzm likes the sound of their own voice while kaxpi does not, so yzm is more attentive than kaxpi
xrf likes the sound of their own voice while erwpnauz does not, so xrf is more attentive than erwpnauz
wrqposg likes the sound of their own voice while dad does not, so dad is less attentive than wrqposg
yzwneiusycxi likes the sound of their own voice while vinyewsi does not, so vinyewsi is less attentive than yzwneiusycxi
phtkfhbrm likes the sound of their own voice while hovqyysx does not, so hovqyysx is less attentive than phtkfhbrm
yzm likes the sound of their own voice while kaxpi does not, so kaxpi is less attentive than yzm
xrf likes the sound of their own voice while erwpnauz does not, so erwpnauz is less attentive than xrf
kcrvsfsblahf likes the sound of their own voice while surbyfma does not, so kcrvsfsblahf is not less attentive than surbyfma
obodrhgczfmy likes the sound of their own voice while ohwetemi does not, so obodrhgczfmy is not less attentive than ohwetemi
mbideveiu likes the sound of their own voice while cdadaniquyul does not, so mbideveiu is not less attentive than cdadaniquyul
rrmvntf likes the sound of their own voice while kvvuccfz does not, so rrmvntf is not less attentive than kvvuccfz
imx likes the sound of their own voice while gvp does not, so imx is not less attentive than gvp
surbyfma likes the sound of their own voice while kcrvsfsblahf does not, so kcrvsfsblahf is not more attentive than surbyfma
ohwetemi likes the sound of their own voice while obodrhgczfmy does not, so obodrhgczfmy is not more attentive than ohwetemi
cdadaniquyul likes the sound of their own voice while mbideveiu does not, so mbideveiu is not more attentive than cdadaniquyul
kvvuccfz likes the sound of their own voice while rrmvntf does not, so rrmvntf is not more attentive than kvvuccfz
gvp likes the sound of their own voice while imx does not, so imx is not more attentive than gvp
mmalwzdlm waits to get home while shtbgeazqx does not, so mmalwzdlm is more controlling than shtbgeazqx
xrqg waits to get home while pubitmvauvp does not, so xrqg is more controlling than pubitmvauvp
yctkyiae waits to get home while vzkeqrqrteq does not, so yctkyiae is more controlling than vzkeqrqrteq
xaaptbvzzh waits to get home while yidozfjq does not, so xaaptbvzzh is more controlling than yidozfjq
vscsuq waits to get home while iwamqmogqf does not, so vscsuq is more controlling than iwamqmogqf
mmalwzdlm waits to get home while shtbgeazqx does not, so shtbgeazqx is less controlling than mmalwzdlm
xrqg waits to get home while pubitmvauvp does not, so pubitmvauvp is less controlling than xrqg
yctkyiae waits to get home while vzkeqrqrteq does not, so vzkeqrqrteq is less controlling than yctkyiae
xaaptbvzzh waits to get home while yidozfjq does not, so yidozfjq is less controlling than xaaptbvzzh
vscsuq waits to get home while iwamqmogqf does not, so iwamqmogqf is less controlling than vscsuq
oxqh waits to get home while tqimnaoi does not, so oxqh is not more controlling than tqimnaoi
gxaz waits to get home while vbu does not, so gxaz is not more controlling than vbu
myvppiryhv waits to get home while zlxbm does not, so myvppiryhv is not more controlling than zlxbm
karobkyqx waits to get home while ajyzviow does not, so karobkyqx is not more controlling than ajyzviow
dwrmgwoin waits to get home while qkmoheuq does not, so dwrmgwoin is not more controlling than qkmoheuq
tqimnaoi waits to get home while oxqh does not, so oxqh is not more controlling than tqimnaoi
vbu waits to get home while gxaz does not, so gxaz is not more controlling than vbu
zlxbm waits to get home while myvppiryhv does not, so myvppiryhv is not more controlling than zlxbm
ajyzviow waits to get home while karobkyqx does not, so karobkyqx is not more controlling than ajyzviow
qkmoheuq waits to get home while dwrmgwoin does not, so dwrmgwoin is not more controlling than qkmoheuq
ukl is able to be turned while wsqoqrmh is not, so ukl is more capricious than wsqoqrmh
wmzcvgrafnvx is able to be turned while fjfjm is not, so wmzcvgrafnvx is more capricious than fjfjm
mjlisp is able to be turned while ywzxkbwmxrb is not, so mjlisp is more capricious than ywzxkbwmxrb
tpzp is able to be turned while ncvjedrln is not, so tpzp is more capricious than ncvjedrln
owyvxmr is able to be turned while qgygg is not, so owyvxmr is more capricious than qgygg
ukl is able to be turned while wsqoqrmh is not, so wsqoqrmh is less capricious than ukl
wmzcvgrafnvx is able to be turned while fjfjm is not, so fjfjm is less capricious than wmzcvgrafnvx
mjlisp is able to be turned while ywzxkbwmxrb is not, so ywzxkbwmxrb is less capricious than mjlisp
tpzp is able to be turned while ncvjedrln is not, so ncvjedrln is less capricious than tpzp
owyvxmr is able to be turned while qgygg is not, so qgygg is less capricious than owyvxmr
jxpeztewb is able to be quickly turned while opynghvnzhqg is not, so jxpeztewb is not less capricious than opynghvnzhqg
xfhcomy is able to be quickly turned while yytznt is not, so xfhcomy is not less capricious than yytznt
bhihebvwit is able to be quickly turned while meiqqbbfi is not, so bhihebvwit is not less capricious than meiqqbbfi
ytwuwqftvct is able to be quickly turned while kvbtsocpg is not, so ytwuwqftvct is not less capricious than kvbtsocpg
xfmemvow is able to be quickly turned while iifjjwgxnif is not, so xfmemvow is not less capricious than iifjjwgxnif
opynghvnzhqg is able to be turned while jxpeztewb is not, so jxpeztewb is not more capricious than opynghvnzhqg
yytznt is able to be turned while xfhcomy is not, so xfhcomy is not more capricious than yytznt
meiqqbbfi is able to be turned while bhihebvwit is not, so bhihebvwit is not more capricious than meiqqbbfi
kvbtsocpg is able to be turned while ytwuwqftvct is not, so ytwuwqftvct is not more capricious than kvbtsocpg
iifjjwgxnif is able to be turned while xfmemvow is not, so xfmemvow is not more capricious than iifjjwgxnif
lhbvgxvc turns on another person's heels while tzp does not, so lhbvgxvc is more surprised than tzp
wjlghuugaq turns on another person's heels while ozcxiacdfyfb does not, so wjlghuugaq is more surprised than ozcxiacdfyfb
bfimd turns on another person's heels while kxqf does not, so bfimd is more surprised than kxqf
ujppsiomk turns on another person's heels while qiytfkf does not, so ujppsiomk is more surprised than qiytfkf
iduup turns on another person's heels while ixls does not, so iduup is more surprised than ixls
lhbvgxvc turns on another person's heels while tzp does not, so tzp is less surprised than lhbvgxvc
wjlghuugaq turns on another person's heels while ozcxiacdfyfb does not, so ozcxiacdfyfb is less surprised than wjlghuugaq
bfimd turns on another person's heels while kxqf does not, so kxqf is less surprised than bfimd
ujppsiomk turns on another person's heels while qiytfkf does not, so qiytfkf is less surprised than ujppsiomk
iduup turns on another person's heels while ixls does not, so ixls is less surprised than iduup
siwbajnnvyy turns on another person's heels while dletbflfp does not, so siwbajnnvyy is not less surprised than dletbflfp
hvfkxzsker turns on another person's heels while gfff does not, so hvfkxzsker is not less surprised than gfff
sshdhr turns on another person's heels while nkn does not, so sshdhr is not less surprised than nkn
ygmbqlz turns on another person's heels while zieuzwsxaky does not, so ygmbqlz is not less surprised than zieuzwsxaky
nloavzm turns on another person's heels while iwjtel does not, so nloavzm is not less surprised than iwjtel
dletbflfp turns on another person's heels while siwbajnnvyy does not, so siwbajnnvyy is not more surprised than dletbflfp
gfff turns on another person's heels while hvfkxzsker does not, so hvfkxzsker is not more surprised than gfff
nkn turns on another person's heels while sshdhr does not, so sshdhr is not more surprised than nkn
zieuzwsxaky turns on another person's heels while ygmbqlz does not, so ygmbqlz is not more surprised than zieuzwsxaky
iwjtel turns on another person's heels while nloavzm does not, so nloavzm is not more surprised than iwjtel
etknypl makes the coffee while ievqtvqjp does not, so etknypl is more skillful than ievqtvqjp
nphj makes the coffee while bhd does not, so nphj is more skillful than bhd
ngwxfbeqlre makes the coffee while jhewrbspwpau does not, so ngwxfbeqlre is more skillful than jhewrbspwpau
tucvofa makes the coffee while rvbcqkv does not, so tucvofa is more skillful than rvbcqkv
oyfket makes the coffee while ocpenirudjpv does not, so oyfket is more skillful than ocpenirudjpv
etknypl makes the coffee while ievqtvqjp does not, so ievqtvqjp is less skillful than etknypl
nphj makes the coffee while bhd does not, so bhd is less skillful than nphj
ngwxfbeqlre makes the coffee while jhewrbspwpau does not, so jhewrbspwpau is less skillful than ngwxfbeqlre
tucvofa makes the coffee while rvbcqkv does not, so rvbcqkv is less skillful than tucvofa
oyfket makes the coffee while ocpenirudjpv does not, so ocpenirudjpv is less skillful than oyfket
xdelsb makes the coffee while kmuewyizmz does not, so xdelsb is not less skillful than kmuewyizmz
zelihxbjwbc makes the coffee while hxosxoi does not, so zelihxbjwbc is not less skillful than hxosxoi
melw makes the coffee while lokaa does not, so melw is not less skillful than lokaa
ylbjohdjb makes the coffee while qdkcut does not, so ylbjohdjb is not less skillful than qdkcut
vjxx makes the coffee while efi does not, so vjxx is not less skillful than efi
kmuewyizmz makes the coffee while xdelsb does not, so xdelsb is not more skillful than kmuewyizmz
hxosxoi makes the coffee while zelihxbjwbc does not, so zelihxbjwbc is not more skillful than hxosxoi
lokaa makes the coffee while melw does not, so melw is not more skillful than lokaa
qdkcut makes the coffee while ylbjohdjb does not, so ylbjohdjb is not more skillful than qdkcut
efi makes the coffee while vjxx does not, so vjxx is not more skillful than efi
ettsfiie uses another person for purposes while owwozln does not, so ettsfiie is more machiavellian than owwozln
iua uses another person for purposes while vwnfiib does not, so iua is more machiavellian than vwnfiib
lona uses another person for purposes while iukxwssozf does not, so lona is more machiavellian than iukxwssozf
msrdlxtq uses another person for purposes while wqnd does not, so msrdlxtq is more machiavellian than wqnd
igtzsxle uses another person for purposes while cpqwybrhxtj does not, so igtzsxle is more machiavellian than cpqwybrhxtj
ettsfiie uses another person for purposes while owwozln does not, so owwozln is less machiavellian than ettsfiie
iua uses another person for purposes while vwnfiib does not, so vwnfiib is less machiavellian than iua
lona uses another person for purposes while iukxwssozf does not, so iukxwssozf is less machiavellian than lona
msrdlxtq uses another person for purposes while wqnd does not, so wqnd is less machiavellian than msrdlxtq
igtzsxle uses another person for purposes while cpqwybrhxtj does not, so cpqwybrhxtj is less machiavellian than igtzsxle
oyddmegrtcvk uses another person for purposes while figi does not, so oyddmegrtcvk is not less machiavellian than figi
qcdp uses another person for purposes while pvphwze does not, so qcdp is not less machiavellian than pvphwze
wqoe uses another person for purposes while abiypacxncv does not, so wqoe is not less machiavellian than abiypacxncv
msy uses another person for purposes while gbluouio does not, so msy is not less machiavellian than gbluouio
lzbpdkc uses another person for purposes while xglkwnhlwp does not, so lzbpdkc is not less machiavellian than xglkwnhlwp
figi uses another person for purposes while oyddmegrtcvk does not, so oyddmegrtcvk is not more machiavellian than figi
pvphwze uses another person for purposes while qcdp does not, so qcdp is not more machiavellian than pvphwze
abiypacxncv uses another person for purposes while wqoe does not, so wqoe is not more machiavellian than abiypacxncv
gbluouio uses another person for purposes while msy does not, so msy is not more machiavellian than gbluouio
xglkwnhlwp uses another person for purposes while lzbpdkc does not, so lzbpdkc is not more machiavellian than xglkwnhlwp
lpxefz walks the rest of the way to school while gfpqklcia does not, so lpxefz is more down-to-earth than gfpqklcia
pjc walks the rest of the way to school while lgmonxhq does not, so pjc is more down-to-earth than lgmonxhq
taffzzckfv walks the rest of the way to school while scsbcwz does not, so taffzzckfv is more down-to-earth than scsbcwz
svybkthioxuf walks the rest of the way to school while jzxtlijyad does not, so svybkthioxuf is more down-to-earth than jzxtlijyad
yoola walks the rest of the way to school while ukstl does not, so yoola is more down-to-earth than ukstl
lpxefz walks the rest of the way to school while gfpqklcia does not, so gfpqklcia is less down-to-earth than lpxefz
pjc walks the rest of the way to school while lgmonxhq does not, so lgmonxhq is less down-to-earth than pjc
taffzzckfv walks the rest of the way to school while scsbcwz does not, so scsbcwz is less down-to-earth than taffzzckfv
svybkthioxuf walks the rest of the way to school while jzxtlijyad does not, so jzxtlijyad is less down-to-earth than svybkthioxuf
yoola walks the rest of the way to school while ukstl does not, so ukstl is less down-to-earth than yoola
rccnfhijmcyp walks the rest of the way to school while nvjkxisb does not, so rccnfhijmcyp is not less down-to-earth than nvjkxisb
ftudirk walks the rest of the way to school while smpgzs does not, so ftudirk is not less down-to-earth than smpgzs
ovzhqlxgwi walks the rest of the way to school while ozidxqxptbw does not, so ovzhqlxgwi is not less down-to-earth than ozidxqxptbw
askdkfgrz walks the rest of the way to school while oeysiledwekf does not, so askdkfgrz is not less down-to-earth than oeysiledwekf
pmqiugomxw walks the rest of the way to school while saozuucqpd does not, so pmqiugomxw is not less down-to-earth than saozuucqpd
nvjkxisb walks the rest of the way to school while rccnfhijmcyp does not, so rccnfhijmcyp is not more down-to-earth than nvjkxisb
smpgzs walks the rest of the way to school while ftudirk does not, so ftudirk is not more down-to-earth than smpgzs
ozidxqxptbw walks the rest of the way to school while ovzhqlxgwi does not, so ovzhqlxgwi is not more down-to-earth than ozidxqxptbw
oeysiledwekf walks the rest of the way to school while askdkfgrz does not, so askdkfgrz is not more down-to-earth than oeysiledwekf
saozuucqpd walks the rest of the way to school while pmqiugomxw does not, so pmqiugomxw is not more down-to-earth than saozuucqpd
ixrzaipm works better than gjj, so ixrzaipm is more competent than gjj
aigkufqmty works better than mvvjuogyf, so aigkufqmty is more competent than mvvjuogyf
djoc works better than rjbx, so djoc is more competent than rjbx
tzpnzgrmroa works better than ufgu, so tzpnzgrmroa is more competent than ufgu
sxybhvfx works better than osrwbnkz, so sxybhvfx is more competent than osrwbnkz
ixrzaipm works better than gjj, so gjj is less competent than ixrzaipm
aigkufqmty works better than mvvjuogyf, so mvvjuogyf is less competent than aigkufqmty
djoc works better than rjbx, so rjbx is less competent than djoc
tzpnzgrmroa works better than ufgu, so ufgu is less competent than tzpnzgrmroa
sxybhvfx works better than osrwbnkz, so osrwbnkz is less competent than sxybhvfx
clvhcosl works better than kbpbgmirhqu, so clvhcosl is not less competent than kbpbgmirhqu
ipagfzcdnue works better than gnosycjbiead, so ipagfzcdnue is not less competent than gnosycjbiead
qtaautwun works better than hyciaihswl, so qtaautwun is not less competent than hyciaihswl
tnweyhe works better than shvjvqvwpz, so tnweyhe is not less competent than shvjvqvwpz
fwrv works better than rznfcxfv, so fwrv is not less competent than rznfcxfv
kbpbgmirhqu works better than clvhcosl, so clvhcosl is not more competent than kbpbgmirhqu
gnosycjbiead works better than ipagfzcdnue, so ipagfzcdnue is not more competent than gnosycjbiead
hyciaihswl works better than qtaautwun, so qtaautwun is not more competent than hyciaihswl
shvjvqvwpz works better than tnweyhe, so tnweyhe is not more competent than shvjvqvwpz
rznfcxfv works better than fwrv, so fwrv is not more competent than rznfcxfv
bnhsosdfpvz takes a closer look while zwssevwq does not, so bnhsosdfpvz is more attentive than zwssevwq
earejbdzjov takes a closer look while rbnr does not, so earejbdzjov is more attentive than rbnr
rfwujcrsf takes a closer look while jmmqiflotgw does not, so rfwujcrsf is more attentive than jmmqiflotgw
gwykio takes a closer look while ghwl does not, so gwykio is more attentive than ghwl
huldnhboh takes a closer look while mqmcmd does not, so huldnhboh is more attentive than mqmcmd
bnhsosdfpvz takes a closer look while zwssevwq does not, so zwssevwq is less attentive than bnhsosdfpvz
earejbdzjov takes a closer look while rbnr does not, so rbnr is less attentive than earejbdzjov
rfwujcrsf takes a closer look while jmmqiflotgw does not, so jmmqiflotgw is less attentive than rfwujcrsf
gwykio takes a closer look while ghwl does not, so ghwl is less attentive than gwykio
huldnhboh takes a closer look while mqmcmd does not, so mqmcmd is less attentive than huldnhboh
sbfserlhkp takes a closer look while nhctto does not, so sbfserlhkp is not less attentive than nhctto
jzclwykk takes a closer look while mmer does not, so jzclwykk is not less attentive than mmer
fifrazm takes a closer look while yhbsnflzfk does not, so fifrazm is not less attentive than yhbsnflzfk
jlv takes a closer look while ixk does not, so jlv is not less attentive than ixk
jhhhegtfjdk takes a closer look while phdt does not, so jhhhegtfjdk is not less attentive than phdt
nhctto takes a closer look while sbfserlhkp does not, so sbfserlhkp is not more attentive than nhctto
mmer takes a closer look while jzclwykk does not, so jzclwykk is not more attentive than mmer
yhbsnflzfk takes a closer look while fifrazm does not, so fifrazm is not more attentive than yhbsnflzfk
ixk takes a closer look while jlv does not, so jlv is not more attentive than ixk
phdt takes a closer look while jhhhegtfjdk does not, so jhhhegtfjdk is not more attentive than phdt
bxptxhjkzdh feels unprepared while aovqphhz does not, so bxptxhjkzdh is more worried than aovqphhz
esqmur feels unprepared while ihrabioecmq does not, so esqmur is more worried than ihrabioecmq
oektxcb feels unprepared while lujqndauxz does not, so oektxcb is more worried than lujqndauxz
lgbvjdf feels unprepared while zahozio does not, so lgbvjdf is more worried than zahozio
evynn feels unprepared while qpbkfxlngvq does not, so evynn is more worried than qpbkfxlngvq
bxptxhjkzdh feels unprepared while aovqphhz does not, so aovqphhz is less worried than bxptxhjkzdh
esqmur feels unprepared while ihrabioecmq does not, so ihrabioecmq is less worried than esqmur
oektxcb feels unprepared while lujqndauxz does not, so lujqndauxz is less worried than oektxcb
lgbvjdf feels unprepared while zahozio does not, so zahozio is less worried than lgbvjdf
evynn feels unprepared while qpbkfxlngvq does not, so qpbkfxlngvq is less worried than evynn
qnroiebcxi feels unprepared while nhtes does not, so qnroiebcxi is not less worried than nhtes
ysrzwgyti feels unprepared while sdlg does not, so ysrzwgyti is not less worried than sdlg
rndtpe feels unprepared while pkuizuvqkhhf does not, so rndtpe is not less worried than pkuizuvqkhhf
avldxqygpe feels unprepared while jtgfq does not, so avldxqygpe is not less worried than jtgfq
hcdnmqjbya feels unprepared while gsyxxtxcyn does not, so hcdnmqjbya is not less worried than gsyxxtxcyn
nhtes feels unprepared while qnroiebcxi does not, so qnroiebcxi is not more worried than nhtes
sdlg feels unprepared while ysrzwgyti does not, so ysrzwgyti is not more worried than sdlg
pkuizuvqkhhf feels unprepared while rndtpe does not, so rndtpe is not more worried than pkuizuvqkhhf
jtgfq feels unprepared while avldxqygpe does not, so avldxqygpe is not more worried than jtgfq
gsyxxtxcyn feels unprepared while hcdnmqjbya does not, so hcdnmqjbya is not more worried than gsyxxtxcyn
yfmgioycx sees another person's husband while hgihxujuqivj does not, so yfmgioycx is less polite than hgihxujuqivj
xygat sees another person's husband while nbgdbpivsih does not, so xygat is less polite than nbgdbpivsih
jlvizhkkt sees another person's husband while aiswwoj does not, so jlvizhkkt is less polite than aiswwoj
vdxovmzzot sees another person's husband while htyivfuranj does not, so vdxovmzzot is less polite than htyivfuranj
qihbvyfaackj sees another person's husband while ohkj does not, so qihbvyfaackj is less polite than ohkj
yfmgioycx sees another person's husband while hgihxujuqivj does not, so hgihxujuqivj is less polite than yfmgioycx
xygat sees another person's husband while nbgdbpivsih does not, so nbgdbpivsih is less polite than xygat
jlvizhkkt sees another person's husband while aiswwoj does not, so aiswwoj is less polite than jlvizhkkt
vdxovmzzot sees another person's husband while htyivfuranj does not, so htyivfuranj is less polite than vdxovmzzot
qihbvyfaackj sees another person's husband while ohkj does not, so ohkj is less polite than qihbvyfaackj
jtf sees another person's husband while lsqhze does not, so jtf is not less polite than lsqhze
jgjgqelpkqkl sees another person's husband while dur does not, so jgjgqelpkqkl is not less polite than dur
eibftwvkyj sees another person's husband while ksj does not, so eibftwvkyj is not less polite than ksj
rmingpugzfr sees another person's husband while uuektdtjgn does not, so rmingpugzfr is not less polite than uuektdtjgn
yvwzhochf sees another person's husband while yclyjsnyn does not, so yvwzhochf is not less polite than yclyjsnyn
lsqhze sees another person's husband while jtf does not, so jtf is not more polite than lsqhze
dur sees another person's husband while jgjgqelpkqkl does not, so jgjgqelpkqkl is not more polite than dur
ksj sees another person's husband while eibftwvkyj does not, so eibftwvkyj is not more polite than ksj
uuektdtjgn sees another person's husband while rmingpugzfr does not, so rmingpugzfr is not more polite than uuektdtjgn
yclyjsnyn sees another person's husband while yvwzhochf does not, so yvwzhochf is not more polite than yclyjsnyn
jodnkmv says bye while rmgdne does not, so jodnkmv is less friendly than rmgdne
xle says bye while auf does not, so xle is less friendly than auf
iehpxqfftsf says bye while ukpegamqgmnm does not, so iehpxqfftsf is less friendly than ukpegamqgmnm
obyiwlfd says bye while xlrbptw does not, so obyiwlfd is less friendly than xlrbptw
ddjobtgo says bye while jslrhlraa does not, so ddjobtgo is less friendly than jslrhlraa
jodnkmv says bye while rmgdne does not, so rmgdne is less friendly than jodnkmv
xle says bye while auf does not, so auf is less friendly than xle
iehpxqfftsf says bye while ukpegamqgmnm does not, so ukpegamqgmnm is less friendly than iehpxqfftsf
obyiwlfd says bye while xlrbptw does not, so xlrbptw is less friendly than obyiwlfd
ddjobtgo says bye while jslrhlraa does not, so jslrhlraa is less friendly than ddjobtgo
udoonpvfe says bye while qijphig does not, so udoonpvfe is not less friendly than qijphig
vqdtyvgw says bye while wgdncjtlbncj does not, so vqdtyvgw is not less friendly than wgdncjtlbncj
fmwetpoyy says bye while jbhcklqmcgh does not, so fmwetpoyy is not less friendly than jbhcklqmcgh
zshqb says bye while oihkkfidsyn does not, so zshqb is not less friendly than oihkkfidsyn
nkjbnrr says bye while xwsuhe does not, so nkjbnrr is not less friendly than xwsuhe
qijphig says bye while udoonpvfe does not, so udoonpvfe is not more friendly than qijphig
wgdncjtlbncj says bye while vqdtyvgw does not, so vqdtyvgw is not more friendly than wgdncjtlbncj
jbhcklqmcgh says bye while fmwetpoyy does not, so fmwetpoyy is not more friendly than jbhcklqmcgh
oihkkfidsyn says bye while zshqb does not, so zshqb is not more friendly than oihkkfidsyn
xwsuhe says bye while nkjbnrr does not, so nkjbnrr is not more friendly than xwsuhe
bibihtq loses control of the car while pblk does not, so bibihtq is more clumsy than pblk
qiysmlmze loses control of the car while ovej does not, so qiysmlmze is more clumsy than ovej
niwqtzibdvad loses control of the car while czt does not, so niwqtzibdvad is more clumsy than czt
hngbrxuk loses control of the car while xckrfjhadtfz does not, so hngbrxuk is more clumsy than xckrfjhadtfz
yvmwn loses control of the car while vjfmizkeu does not, so yvmwn is more clumsy than vjfmizkeu
bibihtq loses control of the car while pblk does not, so pblk is less clumsy than bibihtq
qiysmlmze loses control of the car while ovej does not, so ovej is less clumsy than qiysmlmze
niwqtzibdvad loses control of the car while czt does not, so czt is less clumsy than niwqtzibdvad
hngbrxuk loses control of the car while xckrfjhadtfz does not, so xckrfjhadtfz is less clumsy than hngbrxuk
yvmwn loses control of the car while vjfmizkeu does not, so vjfmizkeu is less clumsy than yvmwn
zvk loses control of the car while bkpxxovbd does not, so zvk is not less clumsy than bkpxxovbd
pamxe loses control of the car while rmcslsmfykmr does not, so pamxe is not less clumsy than rmcslsmfykmr
ypwxx loses control of the car while uvfuxwjmefb does not, so ypwxx is not less clumsy than uvfuxwjmefb
nfipde loses control of the car while qutieepmf does not, so nfipde is not less clumsy than qutieepmf
jmdyjkc loses control of the car while pootngl does not, so jmdyjkc is not less clumsy than pootngl
bkpxxovbd loses control of the car while zvk does not, so zvk is not more clumsy than bkpxxovbd
rmcslsmfykmr loses control of the car while pamxe does not, so pamxe is not more clumsy than rmcslsmfykmr
uvfuxwjmefb loses control of the car while ypwxx does not, so ypwxx is not more clumsy than uvfuxwjmefb
qutieepmf loses control of the car while nfipde does not, so nfipde is not more clumsy than qutieepmf
pootngl loses control of the car while jmdyjkc does not, so jmdyjkc is not more clumsy than pootngl
mudnyhzzsnd eats a banana while gqdnarh does not, so mudnyhzzsnd is more hungry than gqdnarh
twtjvvqa eats a banana while peoq does not, so twtjvvqa is more hungry than peoq
ncy eats a banana while oqooq does not, so ncy is more hungry than oqooq
nhoygpnd eats a banana while fdaxw does not, so nhoygpnd is more hungry than fdaxw
kphjnrdzdrq eats a banana while wjhxm does not, so kphjnrdzdrq is more hungry than wjhxm
mudnyhzzsnd eats a banana while gqdnarh does not, so gqdnarh is less hungry than mudnyhzzsnd
twtjvvqa eats a banana while peoq does not, so peoq is less hungry than twtjvvqa
ncy eats a banana while oqooq does not, so oqooq is less hungry than ncy
nhoygpnd eats a banana while fdaxw does not, so fdaxw is less hungry than nhoygpnd
kphjnrdzdrq eats a banana while wjhxm does not, so wjhxm is less hungry than kphjnrdzdrq
waovav eats a banana while ufelu does not, so waovav is not less hungry than ufelu
nmqybmer eats a banana while sivl does not, so nmqybmer is not less hungry than sivl
owtlhdhaeqb eats a banana while rjelrei does not, so owtlhdhaeqb is not less hungry than rjelrei
lhn eats a banana while xapksvz does not, so lhn is not less hungry than xapksvz
byjlzr eats a banana while qqrlzxe does not, so byjlzr is not less hungry than qqrlzxe
ufelu eats a banana while waovav does not, so waovav is not more hungry than ufelu
sivl eats a banana while nmqybmer does not, so nmqybmer is not more hungry than sivl
rjelrei eats a banana while owtlhdhaeqb does not, so owtlhdhaeqb is not more hungry than rjelrei
xapksvz eats a banana while lhn does not, so lhn is not more hungry than xapksvz
qqrlzxe eats a banana while byjlzr does not, so byjlzr is not more hungry than qqrlzxe
qfzqhqfm develops another person model while xqcydl does not, so qfzqhqfm is more productive than xqcydl
wdhftfwikv develops another person model while kjo does not, so wdhftfwikv is more productive than kjo
slyukuuoo develops another person model while pejxgcyu does not, so slyukuuoo is more productive than pejxgcyu
fvoar develops another person model while rgtmmyjjw does not, so fvoar is more productive than rgtmmyjjw
chcoahwaphvr develops another person model while oqgg does not, so chcoahwaphvr is more productive than oqgg
qfzqhqfm develops another person model while xqcydl does not, so xqcydl is less productive than qfzqhqfm
wdhftfwikv develops another person model while kjo does not, so kjo is less productive than wdhftfwikv
slyukuuoo develops another person model while pejxgcyu does not, so pejxgcyu is less productive than slyukuuoo
fvoar develops another person model while rgtmmyjjw does not, so rgtmmyjjw is less productive than fvoar
chcoahwaphvr develops another person model while oqgg does not, so oqgg is less productive than chcoahwaphvr
sftbzysmciiy develops another person model while qvhsgukgxqmr does not, so sftbzysmciiy is not less productive than qvhsgukgxqmr
tgrmymy develops another person model while bdzo does not, so tgrmymy is not less productive than bdzo
pcenzeunkdpp develops another person model while sdrzeqv does not, so pcenzeunkdpp is not less productive than sdrzeqv
dijxl develops another person model while bgiyoynzwv does not, so dijxl is not less productive than bgiyoynzwv
spdizjkrtjhz develops another person model while lkekkkrivr does not, so spdizjkrtjhz is not less productive than lkekkkrivr
qvhsgukgxqmr develops another person model while sftbzysmciiy does not, so sftbzysmciiy is not more productive than qvhsgukgxqmr
bdzo develops another person model while tgrmymy does not, so tgrmymy is not more productive than bdzo
sdrzeqv develops another person model while pcenzeunkdpp does not, so pcenzeunkdpp is not more productive than sdrzeqv
bgiyoynzwv develops another person model while dijxl does not, so dijxl is not more productive than bgiyoynzwv
lkekkkrivr develops another person model while spdizjkrtjhz does not, so spdizjkrtjhz is not more productive than lkekkkrivr
ettrcpz buys the shoes another person wanted while iupeu does not, so ettrcpz is more loyal than iupeu
hrn buys the shoes another person wanted while yrt does not, so hrn is more loyal than yrt
yldxvdupuz buys the shoes another person wanted while vrhviytfskid does not, so yldxvdupuz is more loyal than vrhviytfskid
ekrra buys the shoes another person wanted while glgvszcll does not, so ekrra is more loyal than glgvszcll
oxd buys the shoes another person wanted while pqjp does not, so oxd is more loyal than pqjp
ettrcpz buys the shoes another person wanted while iupeu does not, so iupeu is more loyal than ettrcpz
hrn buys the shoes another person wanted while yrt does not, so yrt is more loyal than hrn
yldxvdupuz buys the shoes another person wanted while vrhviytfskid does not, so vrhviytfskid is more loyal than yldxvdupuz
ekrra buys the shoes another person wanted while glgvszcll does not, so glgvszcll is more loyal than ekrra
oxd buys the shoes another person wanted while pqjp does not, so pqjp is more loyal than oxd
ktkyc buys the shoes another person wanted more than zijzn, so ktkyc is not less loyal than zijzn
jus buys the shoes another person wanted more than untonlhf, so jus is not less loyal than untonlhf
fdacmmkgity buys the shoes another person wanted more than albhy, so fdacmmkgity is not less loyal than albhy
vyaphku buys the shoes another person wanted more than gophfpufczh, so vyaphku is not less loyal than gophfpufczh
kaijwjwklv buys the shoes another person wanted more than eopetkbqboj, so kaijwjwklv is not less loyal than eopetkbqboj
zijzn buys the shoes another person wanted while ktkyc does not, so ktkyc is not more loyal than zijzn
untonlhf buys the shoes another person wanted while jus does not, so jus is not more loyal than untonlhf
albhy buys the shoes another person wanted while fdacmmkgity does not, so fdacmmkgity is not more loyal than albhy
gophfpufczh buys the shoes another person wanted while vyaphku does not, so vyaphku is not more loyal than gophfpufczh
eopetkbqboj buys the shoes another person wanted while kaijwjwklv does not, so kaijwjwklv is not more loyal than eopetkbqboj
pllboiqfjc toots their own horn while dweh does not, so pllboiqfjc is less arrogant than dweh
bmoqgbvjhini toots their own horn while oez does not, so bmoqgbvjhini is less arrogant than oez
rhejirbf toots their own horn while gsqmxzi does not, so rhejirbf is less arrogant than gsqmxzi
ngduw toots their own horn while noarwgak does not, so ngduw is less arrogant than noarwgak
yehwxvkp toots their own horn while ngdsbebdz does not, so yehwxvkp is less arrogant than ngdsbebdz
pllboiqfjc toots their own horn while dweh does not, so dweh is less arrogant than pllboiqfjc
bmoqgbvjhini toots their own horn while oez does not, so oez is less arrogant than bmoqgbvjhini
rhejirbf toots their own horn while gsqmxzi does not, so gsqmxzi is less arrogant than rhejirbf
ngduw toots their own horn while noarwgak does not, so noarwgak is less arrogant than ngduw
yehwxvkp toots their own horn while ngdsbebdz does not, so ngdsbebdz is less arrogant than yehwxvkp
qpmmuszyxu toots their own horn while vpj does not, so qpmmuszyxu is not less arrogant than vpj
avuzjmscvi toots their own horn while lgttp does not, so avuzjmscvi is not less arrogant than lgttp
mpsc toots their own horn while hxlakaidi does not, so mpsc is not less arrogant than hxlakaidi
vgavp toots their own horn while vtr does not, so vgavp is not less arrogant than vtr
mdjnrrlwiva toots their own horn while ckxwyiuj does not, so mdjnrrlwiva is not less arrogant than ckxwyiuj
vpj toots their own horn while qpmmuszyxu does not, so qpmmuszyxu is not more arrogant than vpj
lgttp toots their own horn while avuzjmscvi does not, so avuzjmscvi is not more arrogant than lgttp
hxlakaidi toots their own horn while mpsc does not, so mpsc is not more arrogant than hxlakaidi
vtr toots their own horn while vgavp does not, so vgavp is not more arrogant than vtr
ckxwyiuj toots their own horn while mdjnrrlwiva does not, so mdjnrrlwiva is not more arrogant than ckxwyiuj
jzijx absolutely loved it while vpmi did not, so jzijx is more appreciative than vpmi
jxtoxvrpucw absolutely loved it while jvudcykurazm did not, so jxtoxvrpucw is more appreciative than jvudcykurazm
dwvnelis absolutely loved it while ubkaip did not, so dwvnelis is more appreciative than ubkaip
jnvnoi absolutely loved it while pwe did not, so jnvnoi is more appreciative than pwe
rqfbio absolutely loved it while ybut did not, so rqfbio is more appreciative than ybut
jzijx absolutely loved it while vpmi did not, so vpmi is less appreciative than jzijx
jxtoxvrpucw absolutely loved it while jvudcykurazm did not, so jvudcykurazm is less appreciative than jxtoxvrpucw
dwvnelis absolutely loved it while ubkaip did not, so ubkaip is less appreciative than dwvnelis
jnvnoi absolutely loved it while pwe did not, so pwe is less appreciative than jnvnoi
rqfbio absolutely loved it while ybut did not, so ybut is less appreciative than rqfbio
yaq absolutely loved it while qiefnrslb did not, so yaq is not less appreciative than qiefnrslb
mcdpdyuxru absolutely loved it while ccprel did not, so mcdpdyuxru is not less appreciative than ccprel
rfzkjkz absolutely loved it while zfyzbdhz did not, so rfzkjkz is not less appreciative than zfyzbdhz
ohe absolutely loved it while epopyvfstsxd did not, so ohe is not less appreciative than epopyvfstsxd
gxkllsyl absolutely loved it while mshkcilc did not, so gxkllsyl is not less appreciative than mshkcilc
qiefnrslb absolutely loved it while yaq did not, so yaq is not more appreciative than qiefnrslb
ccprel absolutely loved it while mcdpdyuxru did not, so mcdpdyuxru is not more appreciative than ccprel
zfyzbdhz absolutely loved it while rfzkjkz did not, so rfzkjkz is not more appreciative than zfyzbdhz
epopyvfstsxd absolutely loved it while ohe did not, so ohe is not more appreciative than epopyvfstsxd
mshkcilc absolutely loved it while gxkllsyl did not, so gxkllsyl is not more appreciative than mshkcilc
nodjjk likes it very much while bdcvwqkxkb does not, so nodjjk is more positive than bdcvwqkxkb
otxql likes it very much while xqqfeh does not, so otxql is more positive than xqqfeh
bxtsbnnnt likes it very much while lffnshsa does not, so bxtsbnnnt is more positive than lffnshsa
kbsjuqkbcge likes it very much while ndsudkycztk does not, so kbsjuqkbcge is more positive than ndsudkycztk
wynjnbdzw likes it very much while hnh does not, so wynjnbdzw is more positive than hnh
nodjjk likes it very much while bdcvwqkxkb does not, so bdcvwqkxkb is less positive than nodjjk
otxql likes it very much while xqqfeh does not, so xqqfeh is less positive than otxql
bxtsbnnnt likes it very much while lffnshsa does not, so lffnshsa is less positive than bxtsbnnnt
kbsjuqkbcge likes it very much while ndsudkycztk does not, so ndsudkycztk is less positive than kbsjuqkbcge
wynjnbdzw likes it very much while hnh does not, so hnh is less positive than wynjnbdzw
uigt likes it very much while vsvwmy does not, so uigt is not less positive than vsvwmy
xrznlrpeeuoc likes it very much while xamps does not, so xrznlrpeeuoc is not less positive than xamps
zuume likes it very much while frewpwlcac does not, so zuume is not less positive than frewpwlcac
aqhighthwmn likes it very much while qnsudiu does not, so aqhighthwmn is not less positive than qnsudiu
qljwmyg likes it very much while iafi does not, so qljwmyg is not less positive than iafi
vsvwmy likes it very much while uigt does not, so uigt is not more positive than vsvwmy
xamps likes it very much while xrznlrpeeuoc does not, so xrznlrpeeuoc is not more positive than xamps
frewpwlcac likes it very much while zuume does not, so zuume is not more positive than frewpwlcac
qnsudiu likes it very much while aqhighthwmn does not, so aqhighthwmn is not more positive than qnsudiu
iafi likes it very much while qljwmyg does not, so qljwmyg is not more positive than iafi
owh takes part in the discussions while grjw does not, so owh is more bright than grjw
sau takes part in the discussions while yynxte does not, so sau is more bright than yynxte
rymhohdlu takes part in the discussions while ajkylldmnlsf does not, so rymhohdlu is more bright than ajkylldmnlsf
vlhggyr takes part in the discussions while zslhhothr does not, so vlhggyr is more bright than zslhhothr
nigwnwlohj takes part in the discussions while ugf does not, so nigwnwlohj is more bright than ugf
owh takes part in the discussions while grjw does not, so grjw is less bright than owh
sau takes part in the discussions while yynxte does not, so yynxte is less bright than sau
rymhohdlu takes part in the discussions while ajkylldmnlsf does not, so ajkylldmnlsf is less bright than rymhohdlu
vlhggyr takes part in the discussions while zslhhothr does not, so zslhhothr is less bright than vlhggyr
nigwnwlohj takes part in the discussions while ugf does not, so ugf is less bright than nigwnwlohj
blezmewg takes part in the discussions while tlbidjyayj does not, so blezmewg is not less bright than tlbidjyayj
pknu takes part in the discussions while qaczh does not, so pknu is not less bright than qaczh
hiqszz takes part in the discussions while lcdydxh does not, so hiqszz is not less bright than lcdydxh
ipcdnokdgn takes part in the discussions while nwqvqf does not, so ipcdnokdgn is not less bright than nwqvqf
ytffqmzrupm takes part in the discussions while tanhltblda does not, so ytffqmzrupm is not less bright than tanhltblda
tlbidjyayj takes part in the discussions while blezmewg does not, so blezmewg is not more bright than tlbidjyayj
qaczh takes part in the discussions while pknu does not, so pknu is not more bright than qaczh
lcdydxh takes part in the discussions while hiqszz does not, so hiqszz is not more bright than lcdydxh
nwqvqf takes part in the discussions while ipcdnokdgn does not, so ipcdnokdgn is not more bright than nwqvqf
tanhltblda takes part in the discussions while ytffqmzrupm does not, so ytffqmzrupm is not more bright than tanhltblda
dwrvpf is going to throw up more than tzvsdepwqvvi, so dwrvpf is more sick than tzvsdepwqvvi
ydf is going to throw up more than tyywott, so ydf is more sick than tyywott
gziwslimi is going to throw up more than bmplkevirgy, so gziwslimi is more sick than bmplkevirgy
qqyxkupgh is going to throw up more than mllcrewcy, so qqyxkupgh is more sick than mllcrewcy
xxqmph is going to throw up more than rrtbenebkruq, so xxqmph is more sick than rrtbenebkruq
dwrvpf is going to throw up while tzvsdepwqvvi is not, so tzvsdepwqvvi is less sick than dwrvpf
ydf is going to throw up while tyywott is not, so tyywott is less sick than ydf
gziwslimi is going to throw up while bmplkevirgy is not, so bmplkevirgy is less sick than gziwslimi
qqyxkupgh is going to throw up while mllcrewcy is not, so mllcrewcy is less sick than qqyxkupgh
xxqmph is going to throw up while rrtbenebkruq is not, so rrtbenebkruq is less sick than xxqmph
gpv is going to throw up while rhxpeyottv is not, so gpv is not less sick than rhxpeyottv
esfhlc is going to throw up while eymrtzgeei is not, so esfhlc is not less sick than eymrtzgeei
qoktf is going to throw up while rnoxrakczd is not, so qoktf is not less sick than rnoxrakczd
flcfkwy is going to throw up while srlbvaxqzbpi is not, so flcfkwy is not less sick than srlbvaxqzbpi
llwgtrskdd is going to throw up while nfgw is not, so llwgtrskdd is not less sick than nfgw
rhxpeyottv is going to throw up while gpv is not, so gpv is not more sick than rhxpeyottv
eymrtzgeei is going to throw up while esfhlc is not, so esfhlc is not more sick than eymrtzgeei
rnoxrakczd is going to throw up while qoktf is not, so qoktf is not more sick than rnoxrakczd
srlbvaxqzbpi is going to throw up while flcfkwy is not, so flcfkwy is not more sick than srlbvaxqzbpi
nfgw is going to throw up while llwgtrskdd is not, so llwgtrskdd is not more sick than nfgw
rlfb keeps an eye on another person while sujrufhn does not, so rlfb is more wary than sujrufhn
mcbhxazmm keeps an eye on another person while gcsprinsulc does not, so mcbhxazmm is more wary than gcsprinsulc
inqjnehpjj keeps an eye on another person while rqrfl does not, so inqjnehpjj is more wary than rqrfl
qjmkxwot keeps an eye on another person while xzrsmiq does not, so qjmkxwot is more wary than xzrsmiq
ybpaofn keeps an eye on another person while lahkwwldf does not, so ybpaofn is more wary than lahkwwldf
rlfb keeps an eye on another person while sujrufhn does not, so sujrufhn is less wary than rlfb
mcbhxazmm keeps an eye on another person while gcsprinsulc does not, so gcsprinsulc is less wary than mcbhxazmm
inqjnehpjj keeps an eye on another person while rqrfl does not, so rqrfl is less wary than inqjnehpjj
qjmkxwot keeps an eye on another person while xzrsmiq does not, so xzrsmiq is less wary than qjmkxwot
ybpaofn keeps an eye on another person while lahkwwldf does not, so lahkwwldf is less wary than ybpaofn
mwzzhgurrmk keeps an eye on another person while pekbfpmaz does not, so mwzzhgurrmk is not less wary than pekbfpmaz
ctunyyjg keeps an eye on another person while bnal does not, so ctunyyjg is not less wary than bnal
cemeqmrijnnr keeps an eye on another person while vdnozqifj does not, so cemeqmrijnnr is not less wary than vdnozqifj
ztezbi keeps an eye on another person while xut does not, so ztezbi is not less wary than xut
zbqrsijj keeps an eye on another person while cjgix does not, so zbqrsijj is not less wary than cjgix
pekbfpmaz keeps an eye on another person while mwzzhgurrmk does not, so mwzzhgurrmk is not more wary than pekbfpmaz
bnal keeps an eye on another person while ctunyyjg does not, so ctunyyjg is not more wary than bnal
vdnozqifj keeps an eye on another person while cemeqmrijnnr does not, so cemeqmrijnnr is not more wary than vdnozqifj
xut keeps an eye on another person while ztezbi does not, so ztezbi is not more wary than xut
cjgix keeps an eye on another person while zbqrsijj does not, so zbqrsijj is not more wary than cjgix
ombxytk wants to hire another person while ztmegtzkom does not, so ombxytk is less satisfied than ztmegtzkom
vtboggzcd wants to hire another person while qlnpnlpgi does not, so vtboggzcd is less satisfied than qlnpnlpgi
bsqcre wants to hire another person while spvzjmope does not, so bsqcre is less satisfied than spvzjmope
kqndeezlp wants to hire another person while gmclcklysp does not, so kqndeezlp is less satisfied than gmclcklysp
yzykah wants to hire another person while nxb does not, so yzykah is less satisfied than nxb
ombxytk wants to hire another person while ztmegtzkom does not, so ztmegtzkom is less satisfied than ombxytk
vtboggzcd wants to hire another person while qlnpnlpgi does not, so qlnpnlpgi is less satisfied than vtboggzcd
bsqcre wants to hire another person while spvzjmope does not, so spvzjmope is less satisfied than bsqcre
kqndeezlp wants to hire another person while gmclcklysp does not, so gmclcklysp is less satisfied than kqndeezlp
yzykah wants to hire another person while nxb does not, so nxb is less satisfied than yzykah
ihylr wants to hire another person while mjgbngc does not, so ihylr is not less satisfied than mjgbngc
bvnsfj wants to hire another person while wqayxxyeu does not, so bvnsfj is not less satisfied than wqayxxyeu
alsoj wants to hire another person while urcjdeo does not, so alsoj is not less satisfied than urcjdeo
ydbvlzngogx wants to hire another person while euukbdjtp does not, so ydbvlzngogx is not less satisfied than euukbdjtp
wlyhscfdr wants to hire another person while mialqxfxeg does not, so wlyhscfdr is not less satisfied than mialqxfxeg
mjgbngc wants to hire another person while ihylr does not, so ihylr is not more satisfied than mjgbngc
wqayxxyeu wants to hire another person while bvnsfj does not, so bvnsfj is not more satisfied than wqayxxyeu
urcjdeo wants to hire another person while alsoj does not, so alsoj is not more satisfied than urcjdeo
euukbdjtp wants to hire another person while ydbvlzngogx does not, so ydbvlzngogx is not more satisfied than euukbdjtp
mialqxfxeg wants to hire another person while wlyhscfdr does not, so wlyhscfdr is not more satisfied than mialqxfxeg
tzuszbnm cracks the screen while gpsxuawf does not, so tzuszbnm is more irresponsible than gpsxuawf
dclqpbdc cracks the screen while muoigrwkdf does not, so dclqpbdc is more irresponsible than muoigrwkdf
ptgsld cracks the screen while cpidv does not, so ptgsld is more irresponsible than cpidv
trhkvkerwki cracks the screen while xund does not, so trhkvkerwki is more irresponsible than xund
wrs cracks the screen while smirgwyiprl does not, so wrs is more irresponsible than smirgwyiprl
tzuszbnm cracks the screen while gpsxuawf does not, so gpsxuawf is less irresponsible than tzuszbnm
dclqpbdc cracks the screen while muoigrwkdf does not, so muoigrwkdf is less irresponsible than dclqpbdc
ptgsld cracks the screen while cpidv does not, so cpidv is less irresponsible than ptgsld
trhkvkerwki cracks the screen while xund does not, so xund is less irresponsible than trhkvkerwki
wrs cracks the screen while smirgwyiprl does not, so smirgwyiprl is less irresponsible than wrs
kgxerdrhy cracks the screen while fwnonso does not, so kgxerdrhy is not less irresponsible than fwnonso
ltu cracks the screen while rxinf does not, so ltu is not less irresponsible than rxinf
vzrsefgmaji cracks the screen while dddhvpl does not, so vzrsefgmaji is not less irresponsible than dddhvpl
gsmxvo cracks the screen while fvdkemierdv does not, so gsmxvo is not less irresponsible than fvdkemierdv
pxpcydt cracks the screen while ocahijvyszd does not, so pxpcydt is not less irresponsible than ocahijvyszd
fwnonso cracks the screen while kgxerdrhy does not, so kgxerdrhy is not more irresponsible than fwnonso
rxinf cracks the screen while ltu does not, so ltu is not more irresponsible than rxinf
dddhvpl cracks the screen while vzrsefgmaji does not, so vzrsefgmaji is not more irresponsible than dddhvpl
fvdkemierdv cracks the screen while gsmxvo does not, so gsmxvo is not more irresponsible than fvdkemierdv
ocahijvyszd cracks the screen while pxpcydt does not, so pxpcydt is not more irresponsible than ocahijvyszd
bqfwbdcn looks brand new while vkofalq does not, so bqfwbdcn is more handsome than vkofalq
rzbsk looks brand new while earw does not, so rzbsk is more handsome than earw
rmitqsjf looks brand new while dydwcgqxlhg does not, so rmitqsjf is more handsome than dydwcgqxlhg
bnckuvr looks brand new while edrd does not, so bnckuvr is more handsome than edrd
ngvoxkhuiz looks brand new while ochytsjoqs does not, so ngvoxkhuiz is more handsome than ochytsjoqs
bqfwbdcn looks brand new while vkofalq does not, so vkofalq is less handsome than bqfwbdcn
rzbsk looks brand new while earw does not, so earw is less handsome than rzbsk
rmitqsjf looks brand new while dydwcgqxlhg does not, so dydwcgqxlhg is less handsome than rmitqsjf
bnckuvr looks brand new while edrd does not, so edrd is less handsome than bnckuvr
ngvoxkhuiz looks brand new while ochytsjoqs does not, so ochytsjoqs is less handsome than ngvoxkhuiz
kijvono looks brand new while tlusxouxn does not, so kijvono is not less handsome than tlusxouxn
nkzsgalis looks brand new while ijgp does not, so nkzsgalis is not less handsome than ijgp
fduza looks brand new while tfalez does not, so fduza is not less handsome than tfalez
yplhobuo looks brand new while bivkbksjjb does not, so yplhobuo is not less handsome than bivkbksjjb
frldb looks brand new while mkm does not, so frldb is not less handsome than mkm
tlusxouxn looks brand new while kijvono does not, so kijvono is not more handsome than tlusxouxn
ijgp looks brand new while nkzsgalis does not, so nkzsgalis is not more handsome than ijgp
tfalez looks brand new while fduza does not, so fduza is not more handsome than tfalez
bivkbksjjb looks brand new while yplhobuo does not, so yplhobuo is not more handsome than bivkbksjjb
mkm looks brand new while frldb does not, so frldb is not more handsome than mkm
qgc takes another person's lives while jwqa does not, so qgc is less brutal than jwqa
kkjdhwyevvj takes another person's lives while pgca does not, so kkjdhwyevvj is less brutal than pgca
cnsi takes another person's lives while mrfxdtghvr does not, so cnsi is less brutal than mrfxdtghvr
dqgtss takes another person's lives while jhmoflhlkfuf does not, so dqgtss is less brutal than jhmoflhlkfuf
fdftah takes another person's lives while xrrhyjhwuje does not, so fdftah is less brutal than xrrhyjhwuje
qgc takes another person's lives while jwqa does not, so jwqa is less brutal than qgc
kkjdhwyevvj takes another person's lives while pgca does not, so pgca is less brutal than kkjdhwyevvj
cnsi takes another person's lives while mrfxdtghvr does not, so mrfxdtghvr is less brutal than cnsi
dqgtss takes another person's lives while jhmoflhlkfuf does not, so jhmoflhlkfuf is less brutal than dqgtss
fdftah takes another person's lives while xrrhyjhwuje does not, so xrrhyjhwuje is less brutal than fdftah
nagymrs takes another person's lives while emoxjbrm does not, so nagymrs is not less brutal than emoxjbrm
tdkflthbopwo takes another person's lives while obqqexkvd does not, so tdkflthbopwo is not less brutal than obqqexkvd
xminzxecbwi takes another person's lives while jjbwspjgfb does not, so xminzxecbwi is not less brutal than jjbwspjgfb
yjeebtaym takes another person's lives while nllytepztato does not, so yjeebtaym is not less brutal than nllytepztato
xbhe takes another person's lives while giwxibxmaiw does not, so xbhe is not less brutal than giwxibxmaiw
emoxjbrm takes another person's lives while nagymrs does not, so nagymrs is not more brutal than emoxjbrm
obqqexkvd takes another person's lives while tdkflthbopwo does not, so tdkflthbopwo is not more brutal than obqqexkvd
jjbwspjgfb takes another person's lives while xminzxecbwi does not, so xminzxecbwi is not more brutal than jjbwspjgfb
nllytepztato takes another person's lives while yjeebtaym does not, so yjeebtaym is not more brutal than nllytepztato
giwxibxmaiw takes another person's lives while xbhe does not, so xbhe is not more brutal than giwxibxmaiw
vsbsnpsmtw loves going to the zoo while svn does not, so vsbsnpsmtw is more curious than svn
moohs loves going to the zoo while igmedoyhh does not, so moohs is more curious than igmedoyhh
rrlaf loves going to the zoo while sgu does not, so rrlaf is more curious than sgu
rlb loves going to the zoo while ebh does not, so rlb is more curious than ebh
wvpn loves going to the zoo while ythz does not, so wvpn is more curious than ythz
vsbsnpsmtw loves going to the zoo while svn does not, so svn is less curious than vsbsnpsmtw
moohs loves going to the zoo while igmedoyhh does not, so igmedoyhh is less curious than moohs
rrlaf loves going to the zoo while sgu does not, so sgu is less curious than rrlaf
rlb loves going to the zoo while ebh does not, so ebh is less curious than rlb
wvpn loves going to the zoo while ythz does not, so ythz is less curious than wvpn
eramejporzq loves going to the zoo more than flcz, so eramejporzq is not less curious than flcz
lxjqvjogiavf loves going to the zoo more than hjntrkmgcoih, so lxjqvjogiavf is not less curious than hjntrkmgcoih
fjrmgtztrzys loves going to the zoo more than cmsdf, so fjrmgtztrzys is not less curious than cmsdf
bfnanplo loves going to the zoo more than gimyads, so bfnanplo is not less curious than gimyads
bgib loves going to the zoo more than uyf, so bgib is not less curious than uyf
flcz loves going to the zoo more than eramejporzq, so eramejporzq is not more curious than flcz
hjntrkmgcoih loves going to the zoo more than lxjqvjogiavf, so lxjqvjogiavf is not more curious than hjntrkmgcoih
cmsdf loves going to the zoo more than fjrmgtztrzys, so fjrmgtztrzys is not more curious than cmsdf
gimyads loves going to the zoo more than bfnanplo, so bfnanplo is not more curious than gimyads
uyf loves going to the zoo more than bgib, so bgib is not more curious than uyf
ebxit is really hungry while adh is not, so ebxit is more uncomfortable than adh
qtxmorhngv is really hungry while cfvpw is not, so qtxmorhngv is more uncomfortable than cfvpw
pjqdmvqqop is really hungry while uvbqoymd is not, so pjqdmvqqop is more uncomfortable than uvbqoymd
nvfy is really hungry while crjznsbf is not, so nvfy is more uncomfortable than crjznsbf
wtarb is really hungry while zdwzxofqqw is not, so wtarb is more uncomfortable than zdwzxofqqw
ebxit is really hungry while adh is not, so adh is less uncomfortable than ebxit
qtxmorhngv is really hungry while cfvpw is not, so cfvpw is less uncomfortable than qtxmorhngv
pjqdmvqqop is really hungry while uvbqoymd is not, so uvbqoymd is less uncomfortable than pjqdmvqqop
nvfy is really hungry while crjznsbf is not, so crjznsbf is less uncomfortable than nvfy
wtarb is really hungry while zdwzxofqqw is not, so zdwzxofqqw is less uncomfortable than wtarb
yui is really hungry while ujifurpeucza is not, so yui is not less uncomfortable than ujifurpeucza
efupdrdyeoy is really hungry while dzvaukxjp is not, so efupdrdyeoy is not less uncomfortable than dzvaukxjp
odxnudm is really hungry while fwxnyivcku is not, so odxnudm is not less uncomfortable than fwxnyivcku
vqy is really hungry while sufk is not, so vqy is not less uncomfortable than sufk
enwg is really hungry while tre is not, so enwg is not less uncomfortable than tre
ujifurpeucza is really hungry while yui is not, so yui is not more uncomfortable than ujifurpeucza
dzvaukxjp is really hungry while efupdrdyeoy is not, so efupdrdyeoy is not more uncomfortable than dzvaukxjp
fwxnyivcku is really hungry while odxnudm is not, so odxnudm is not more uncomfortable than fwxnyivcku
sufk is really hungry while vqy is not, so vqy is not more uncomfortable than sufk
tre is really hungry while enwg is not, so enwg is not more uncomfortable than tre
nqtbxcz gets their moneys worth while deecuw does not, so nqtbxcz is more thrifty than deecuw
uhuae gets their moneys worth while whkkr does not, so uhuae is more thrifty than whkkr
kigyqvvraj gets their moneys worth while loxufjxzkk does not, so kigyqvvraj is more thrifty than loxufjxzkk
hbvunxmx gets their moneys worth while vdqajwg does not, so hbvunxmx is more thrifty than vdqajwg
pilbvinftbv gets their moneys worth while zsjdsgqxgm does not, so pilbvinftbv is more thrifty than zsjdsgqxgm
nqtbxcz gets their moneys worth while deecuw does not, so deecuw is less thrifty than nqtbxcz
uhuae gets their moneys worth while whkkr does not, so whkkr is less thrifty than uhuae
kigyqvvraj gets their moneys worth while loxufjxzkk does not, so loxufjxzkk is less thrifty than kigyqvvraj
hbvunxmx gets their moneys worth while vdqajwg does not, so vdqajwg is less thrifty than hbvunxmx
pilbvinftbv gets their moneys worth while zsjdsgqxgm does not, so zsjdsgqxgm is less thrifty than pilbvinftbv
qcuhwtuieg gets their moneys worth while xikehevqopya does not, so qcuhwtuieg is not less thrifty than xikehevqopya
ozeaoxl gets their moneys worth while csatlutohmth does not, so ozeaoxl is not less thrifty than csatlutohmth
nwryjwn gets their moneys worth while ruajsvdba does not, so nwryjwn is not less thrifty than ruajsvdba
yeydwnjnar gets their moneys worth while gsbaprvtum does not, so yeydwnjnar is not less thrifty than gsbaprvtum
haoa gets their moneys worth while havfnepugues does not, so haoa is not less thrifty than havfnepugues
xikehevqopya gets their moneys worth more than qcuhwtuieg, so qcuhwtuieg is not more thrifty than xikehevqopya
csatlutohmth gets their moneys worth more than ozeaoxl, so ozeaoxl is not more thrifty than csatlutohmth
ruajsvdba gets their moneys worth more than nwryjwn, so nwryjwn is not more thrifty than ruajsvdba
gsbaprvtum gets their moneys worth more than yeydwnjnar, so yeydwnjnar is not more thrifty than gsbaprvtum
havfnepugues gets their moneys worth more than haoa, so haoa is not more thrifty than havfnepugues
wfffdinowja collects cans while qqao does not, so wfffdinowja is more accountable than qqao
nwqbfxiylbn collects cans while obqtclotf does not, so nwqbfxiylbn is more accountable than obqtclotf
slvzajr collects cans while hdgnup does not, so slvzajr is more accountable than hdgnup
jrlgfuvj collects cans while zqtul does not, so jrlgfuvj is more accountable than zqtul
imkfojyjph collects cans while oarca does not, so imkfojyjph is more accountable than oarca
wfffdinowja collects cans while qqao does not, so qqao is less accountable than wfffdinowja
nwqbfxiylbn collects cans while obqtclotf does not, so obqtclotf is less accountable than nwqbfxiylbn
slvzajr collects cans while hdgnup does not, so hdgnup is less accountable than slvzajr
jrlgfuvj collects cans while zqtul does not, so zqtul is less accountable than jrlgfuvj
imkfojyjph collects cans while oarca does not, so oarca is less accountable than imkfojyjph
ncxpev collects cans while nnynziiwbhn does not, so ncxpev is not less accountable than nnynziiwbhn
kromneeljtdf collects cans while kgqadsqzv does not, so kromneeljtdf is not less accountable than kgqadsqzv
ulpxv collects cans while tqxszq does not, so ulpxv is not less accountable than tqxszq
vcpkheixlb collects cans while mxvmwzqczim does not, so vcpkheixlb is not less accountable than mxvmwzqczim
xdktyurppra collects cans while jnxked does not, so xdktyurppra is not less accountable than jnxked
nnynziiwbhn collects cans while ncxpev does not, so ncxpev is not more accountable than nnynziiwbhn
kgqadsqzv collects cans while kromneeljtdf does not, so kromneeljtdf is not more accountable than kgqadsqzv
tqxszq collects cans while ulpxv does not, so ulpxv is not more accountable than tqxszq
mxvmwzqczim collects cans while vcpkheixlb does not, so vcpkheixlb is not more accountable than mxvmwzqczim
jnxked collects cans while xdktyurppra does not, so xdktyurppra is not more accountable than jnxked
veripkrgq wakes up one day while aaa does not, so veripkrgq is more ready than aaa
hwiouod wakes up one day while ryaqjrker does not, so hwiouod is more ready than ryaqjrker
pqrto wakes up one day while rmia does not, so pqrto is more ready than rmia
udillspkrv wakes up one day while mhufmvmpefk does not, so udillspkrv is more ready than mhufmvmpefk
nbket wakes up one day while rchmhckgeqa does not, so nbket is more ready than rchmhckgeqa
veripkrgq wakes up one day while aaa does not, so aaa is less ready than veripkrgq
hwiouod wakes up one day while ryaqjrker does not, so ryaqjrker is less ready than hwiouod
pqrto wakes up one day while rmia does not, so rmia is less ready than pqrto
udillspkrv wakes up one day while mhufmvmpefk does not, so mhufmvmpefk is less ready than udillspkrv
nbket wakes up one day while rchmhckgeqa does not, so rchmhckgeqa is less ready than nbket
nfnehi wakes up one day more than mnuyudxfbdqn, so nfnehi is not less ready than mnuyudxfbdqn
epepljmotk wakes up one day more than xcwcgkobqkrf, so epepljmotk is not less ready than xcwcgkobqkrf
jqgishdi wakes up one day more than fgzqotvr, so jqgishdi is not less ready than fgzqotvr
gvnn wakes up one day more than osomwc, so gvnn is not less ready than osomwc
hjwcxm wakes up one day more than fnffpgzbkhq, so hjwcxm is not less ready than fnffpgzbkhq
mnuyudxfbdqn wakes up one day while nfnehi does not, so nfnehi is not more ready than mnuyudxfbdqn
xcwcgkobqkrf wakes up one day while epepljmotk does not, so epepljmotk is not more ready than xcwcgkobqkrf
fgzqotvr wakes up one day while jqgishdi does not, so jqgishdi is not more ready than fgzqotvr
osomwc wakes up one day while gvnn does not, so gvnn is not more ready than osomwc
fnffpgzbkhq wakes up one day while hjwcxm does not, so hjwcxm is not more ready than fnffpgzbkhq
fnervqi pays another person back while nskthungu does not, so fnervqi is more dependable than nskthungu
upmujajj pays another person back while dljsdnlmw does not, so upmujajj is more dependable than dljsdnlmw
ycszgkwo pays another person back while lhsrfzijpf does not, so ycszgkwo is more dependable than lhsrfzijpf
ksxgmsnn pays another person back while mquci does not, so ksxgmsnn is more dependable than mquci
aezaynoptd pays another person back while cbhiokoyifkh does not, so aezaynoptd is more dependable than cbhiokoyifkh
fnervqi pays another person back while nskthungu does not, so nskthungu is less dependable than fnervqi
upmujajj pays another person back while dljsdnlmw does not, so dljsdnlmw is less dependable than upmujajj
ycszgkwo pays another person back while lhsrfzijpf does not, so lhsrfzijpf is less dependable than ycszgkwo
ksxgmsnn pays another person back while mquci does not, so mquci is less dependable than ksxgmsnn
aezaynoptd pays another person back while cbhiokoyifkh does not, so cbhiokoyifkh is less dependable than aezaynoptd
hknmvqymjt pays another person back while hbxxfhamug does not, so hknmvqymjt is not less dependable than hbxxfhamug
pjcmxsrwlun pays another person back while xbwvvlvl does not, so pjcmxsrwlun is not less dependable than xbwvvlvl
benxwoedhb pays another person back while dgapbuptyjl does not, so benxwoedhb is not less dependable than dgapbuptyjl
gcruiue pays another person back while lujw does not, so gcruiue is not less dependable than lujw
heudt pays another person back while nol does not, so heudt is not less dependable than nol
hbxxfhamug pays another person back while hknmvqymjt does not, so hknmvqymjt is not more dependable than hbxxfhamug
xbwvvlvl pays another person back while pjcmxsrwlun does not, so pjcmxsrwlun is not more dependable than xbwvvlvl
dgapbuptyjl pays another person back while benxwoedhb does not, so benxwoedhb is not more dependable than dgapbuptyjl
lujw pays another person back while gcruiue does not, so gcruiue is not more dependable than lujw
nol pays another person back while heudt does not, so heudt is not more dependable than nol
wgglppnp eats the food while awzjsfwwxpm does not, so wgglppnp is more depressed than awzjsfwwxpm
ajfcs eats the food while xupinwwci does not, so ajfcs is more depressed than xupinwwci
sbekjhvtskpt eats the food while ide does not, so sbekjhvtskpt is more depressed than ide
frbqasypar eats the food while gyvnchy does not, so frbqasypar is more depressed than gyvnchy
efzidlygalf eats the food while ykhbripupe does not, so efzidlygalf is more depressed than ykhbripupe
wgglppnp eats the food while awzjsfwwxpm does not, so awzjsfwwxpm is more depressed than wgglppnp
ajfcs eats the food while xupinwwci does not, so xupinwwci is more depressed than ajfcs
sbekjhvtskpt eats the food while ide does not, so ide is more depressed than sbekjhvtskpt
frbqasypar eats the food while gyvnchy does not, so gyvnchy is more depressed than frbqasypar
efzidlygalf eats the food while ykhbripupe does not, so ykhbripupe is more depressed than efzidlygalf
xtizafxh eats the food while epupmnu does not, so xtizafxh is not less depressed than epupmnu
ihy eats the food while mwhgvnxmwzs does not, so ihy is not less depressed than mwhgvnxmwzs
nwoptxgtnhd eats the food while hequypbcn does not, so nwoptxgtnhd is not less depressed than hequypbcn
zbvth eats the food while zblhhgrs does not, so zbvth is not less depressed than zblhhgrs
rmirsrcpaeai eats the food while cshkusajou does not, so rmirsrcpaeai is not less depressed than cshkusajou
epupmnu eats the food while xtizafxh does not, so xtizafxh is not more depressed than epupmnu
mwhgvnxmwzs eats the food while ihy does not, so ihy is not more depressed than mwhgvnxmwzs
hequypbcn eats the food while nwoptxgtnhd does not, so nwoptxgtnhd is not more depressed than hequypbcn
zblhhgrs eats the food while zbvth does not, so zbvth is not more depressed than zblhhgrs
cshkusajou eats the food while rmirsrcpaeai does not, so rmirsrcpaeai is not more depressed than cshkusajou
zcf is very proud of another person's accomplishment while fckoa is not, so zcf is more delighted than fckoa
ziuhlk is very proud of another person's accomplishment while jvqjkpiwc is not, so ziuhlk is more delighted than jvqjkpiwc
yiqztoomt is very proud of another person's accomplishment while nzxoxrbxooy is not, so yiqztoomt is more delighted than nzxoxrbxooy
mqpczfmhddpm is very proud of another person's accomplishment while ligtbvfbemxc is not, so mqpczfmhddpm is more delighted than ligtbvfbemxc
wnbbrl is very proud of another person's accomplishment while olotmku is not, so wnbbrl is more delighted than olotmku
zcf is very proud of another person's accomplishment while fckoa is not, so fckoa is less delighted than zcf
ziuhlk is very proud of another person's accomplishment while jvqjkpiwc is not, so jvqjkpiwc is less delighted than ziuhlk
yiqztoomt is very proud of another person's accomplishment while nzxoxrbxooy is not, so nzxoxrbxooy is less delighted than yiqztoomt
mqpczfmhddpm is very proud of another person's accomplishment while ligtbvfbemxc is not, so ligtbvfbemxc is less delighted than mqpczfmhddpm
wnbbrl is very proud of another person's accomplishment while olotmku is not, so olotmku is less delighted than wnbbrl
ckhckgzgehj is very proud of another person's accomplishment while ywtrfsiucdno is not, so ckhckgzgehj is not less delighted than ywtrfsiucdno
ljutxm is very proud of another person's accomplishment while wzdhcr is not, so ljutxm is not less delighted than wzdhcr
pwjqtezvykj is very proud of another person's accomplishment while rtjxso is not, so pwjqtezvykj is not less delighted than rtjxso
xdstvfvmpczm is very proud of another person's accomplishment while itwtlakdtv is not, so xdstvfvmpczm is not less delighted than itwtlakdtv
oyztfesu is very proud of another person's accomplishment while qtsmn is not, so oyztfesu is not less delighted than qtsmn
ywtrfsiucdno is very proud of another person's accomplishment while ckhckgzgehj is not, so ckhckgzgehj is not more delighted than ywtrfsiucdno
wzdhcr is very proud of another person's accomplishment while ljutxm is not, so ljutxm is not more delighted than wzdhcr
rtjxso is very proud of another person's accomplishment while pwjqtezvykj is not, so pwjqtezvykj is not more delighted than rtjxso
itwtlakdtv is very proud of another person's accomplishment while xdstvfvmpczm is not, so xdstvfvmpczm is not more delighted than itwtlakdtv
qtsmn is very proud of another person's accomplishment while oyztfesu is not, so oyztfesu is not more delighted than qtsmn
fpjeaq plays bingo while beqfji does not, so fpjeaq is more playful than beqfji
tuhjmhwm plays bingo while bpxkegd does not, so tuhjmhwm is more playful than bpxkegd
gyjs plays bingo while exa does not, so gyjs is more playful than exa
cjrryul plays bingo while muusue does not, so cjrryul is more playful than muusue
mhmwank plays bingo while whctc does not, so mhmwank is more playful than whctc
fpjeaq plays bingo while beqfji does not, so beqfji is less playful than fpjeaq
tuhjmhwm plays bingo while bpxkegd does not, so bpxkegd is less playful than tuhjmhwm
gyjs plays bingo while exa does not, so exa is less playful than gyjs
cjrryul plays bingo while muusue does not, so muusue is less playful than cjrryul
mhmwank plays bingo while whctc does not, so whctc is less playful than mhmwank
etlydtr plays bingo while ucrp does not, so etlydtr is not less playful than ucrp
bwqpzvwvnov plays bingo while tqyufwyv does not, so bwqpzvwvnov is not less playful than tqyufwyv
fxbti plays bingo while jaymfpmfnq does not, so fxbti is not less playful than jaymfpmfnq
ccvxscxf plays bingo while ledfsfmkokx does not, so ccvxscxf is not less playful than ledfsfmkokx
bknzykfyk plays bingo while inxmjgnjfx does not, so bknzykfyk is not less playful than inxmjgnjfx
ucrp plays bingo while etlydtr does not, so etlydtr is not more playful than ucrp
tqyufwyv plays bingo while bwqpzvwvnov does not, so bwqpzvwvnov is not more playful than tqyufwyv
jaymfpmfnq plays bingo while fxbti does not, so fxbti is not more playful than jaymfpmfnq
ledfsfmkokx plays bingo while ccvxscxf does not, so ccvxscxf is not more playful than ledfsfmkokx
inxmjgnjfx plays bingo while bknzykfyk does not, so bknzykfyk is not more playful than inxmjgnjfx
rcttammgzt is more careful next time than dqxz, so rcttammgzt is more cautious than dqxz
bdifxk is more careful next time than lilefwhhe, so bdifxk is more cautious than lilefwhhe
eexwxuqyjx is more careful next time than okvrrat, so eexwxuqyjx is more cautious than okvrrat
iqcxf is more careful next time than knfjwf, so iqcxf is more cautious than knfjwf
pammcbttu is more careful next time than ple, so pammcbttu is more cautious than ple
rcttammgzt is more careful next time than dqxz, so dqxz is less cautious than rcttammgzt
bdifxk is more careful next time than lilefwhhe, so lilefwhhe is less cautious than bdifxk
eexwxuqyjx is more careful next time than okvrrat, so okvrrat is less cautious than eexwxuqyjx
iqcxf is more careful next time than knfjwf, so knfjwf is less cautious than iqcxf
pammcbttu is more careful next time than ple, so ple is less cautious than pammcbttu
whyrxykr is more careful next time than lcxaa, so whyrxykr is not less cautious than lcxaa
vxokb is more careful next time than qbyaioyg, so vxokb is not less cautious than qbyaioyg
kkhlf is more careful next time than pvtimp, so kkhlf is not less cautious than pvtimp
gzzvied is more careful next time than pfus, so gzzvied is not less cautious than pfus
kgyy is more careful next time than flgq, so kgyy is not less cautious than flgq
lcxaa is more careful next time than whyrxykr, so whyrxykr is not more cautious than lcxaa
qbyaioyg is more careful next time than vxokb, so vxokb is not more cautious than qbyaioyg
pvtimp is more careful next time than kkhlf, so kkhlf is not more cautious than pvtimp
pfus is more careful next time than gzzvied, so gzzvied is not more cautious than pfus
flgq is more careful next time than kgyy, so kgyy is not more cautious than flgq
pkbzwt is scared of the dark while ytaant is not, so pkbzwt is more immature than ytaant
fbowt is scared of the dark while yjrdenjnzlho is not, so fbowt is more immature than yjrdenjnzlho
hhtevuauek is scared of the dark while gnv is not, so hhtevuauek is more immature than gnv
wlrztojzz is scared of the dark while dgze is not, so wlrztojzz is more immature than dgze
fqjwamjr is scared of the dark while tsqhnhqn is not, so fqjwamjr is more immature than tsqhnhqn
pkbzwt is scared of the dark while ytaant is not, so ytaant is less immature than pkbzwt
fbowt is scared of the dark while yjrdenjnzlho is not, so yjrdenjnzlho is less immature than fbowt
hhtevuauek is scared of the dark while gnv is not, so gnv is less immature than hhtevuauek
wlrztojzz is scared of the dark while dgze is not, so dgze is less immature than wlrztojzz
fqjwamjr is scared of the dark while tsqhnhqn is not, so tsqhnhqn is less immature than fqjwamjr
panonojvt is scared of the dark while pmkktbhvheqt is not, so panonojvt is not less immature than pmkktbhvheqt
elessinetic is scared of the dark while hyovl is not, so elessinetic is not less immature than hyovl
kzmhje is scared of the dark while mbivgcdxxgbj is not, so kzmhje is not less immature than mbivgcdxxgbj
doplybxcjt is scared of the dark while xvq is not, so doplybxcjt is not less immature than xvq
fdtedjdtib is scared of the dark while hlpsed is not, so fdtedjdtib is not less immature than hlpsed
pmkktbhvheqt is scared of the dark while panonojvt is not, so panonojvt is not more immature than pmkktbhvheqt
hyovl is scared of the dark while elessinetic is not, so elessinetic is not more immature than hyovl
mbivgcdxxgbj is scared of the dark while kzmhje is not, so kzmhje is not more immature than mbivgcdxxgbj
xvq is scared of the dark while doplybxcjt is not, so doplybxcjt is not more immature than xvq
hlpsed is scared of the dark while fdtedjdtib is not, so fdtedjdtib is not more immature than hlpsed
hkwuncs kills another person's husband while znsnr does not, so hkwuncs is more cruel than znsnr
nxukcpbytsl kills another person's husband while bxglpxyrkh does not, so nxukcpbytsl is more cruel than bxglpxyrkh
hfxicolayx kills another person's husband while zrzfxgmn does not, so hfxicolayx is more cruel than zrzfxgmn
qcqxbunml kills another person's husband while qvkxcmv does not, so qcqxbunml is more cruel than qvkxcmv
giogu kills another person's husband while rojsolmxw does not, so giogu is more cruel than rojsolmxw
hkwuncs kills another person's husband while znsnr does not, so znsnr is less cruel than hkwuncs
nxukcpbytsl kills another person's husband while bxglpxyrkh does not, so bxglpxyrkh is less cruel than nxukcpbytsl
hfxicolayx kills another person's husband while zrzfxgmn does not, so zrzfxgmn is less cruel than hfxicolayx
qcqxbunml kills another person's husband while qvkxcmv does not, so qvkxcmv is less cruel than qcqxbunml
giogu kills another person's husband while rojsolmxw does not, so rojsolmxw is less cruel than giogu
djv kills another person's husband while xndcys does not, so djv is not less cruel than xndcys
hlkduvstvpfj kills another person's husband while guh does not, so hlkduvstvpfj is not less cruel than guh
rjbs kills another person's husband while tgcnlvfdo does not, so rjbs is not less cruel than tgcnlvfdo
spenpfjki kills another person's husband while jnntlavi does not, so spenpfjki is not less cruel than jnntlavi
ixjvkqhsrof kills another person's husband while lhg does not, so ixjvkqhsrof is not less cruel than lhg
xndcys kills another person's husband while djv does not, so djv is not more cruel than xndcys
guh kills another person's husband while hlkduvstvpfj does not, so hlkduvstvpfj is not more cruel than guh
tgcnlvfdo kills another person's husband while rjbs does not, so rjbs is not more cruel than tgcnlvfdo
jnntlavi kills another person's husband while spenpfjki does not, so spenpfjki is not more cruel than jnntlavi
lhg kills another person's husband while ixjvkqhsrof does not, so ixjvkqhsrof is not more cruel than lhg
kwyqhjlc works for weeks while bndewkpj does not, so kwyqhjlc is more hardworking than bndewkpj
rpzlikeuwgfl works for weeks while jba does not, so rpzlikeuwgfl is more hardworking than jba
fmcnvsw works for weeks while whzqvd does not, so fmcnvsw is more hardworking than whzqvd
aped works for weeks while fwdcryzuetav does not, so aped is more hardworking than fwdcryzuetav
kaeizeazy works for weeks while tjlqnhfe does not, so kaeizeazy is more hardworking than tjlqnhfe
kwyqhjlc works for weeks while bndewkpj does not, so bndewkpj is less hardworking than kwyqhjlc
rpzlikeuwgfl works for weeks while jba does not, so jba is less hardworking than rpzlikeuwgfl
fmcnvsw works for weeks while whzqvd does not, so whzqvd is less hardworking than fmcnvsw
aped works for weeks while fwdcryzuetav does not, so fwdcryzuetav is less hardworking than aped
kaeizeazy works for weeks while tjlqnhfe does not, so tjlqnhfe is less hardworking than kaeizeazy
dzwfqmwrze works for weeks while psejbylf does not, so dzwfqmwrze is not more hardworking than psejbylf
wbyehmgd works for weeks while qbyrnjrh does not, so wbyehmgd is not more hardworking than qbyrnjrh
cikyijsgo works for weeks while fszdpj does not, so cikyijsgo is not more hardworking than fszdpj
psdxxpz works for weeks while llrfbmzdne does not, so psdxxpz is not more hardworking than llrfbmzdne
awdundldso works for weeks while aeuucyqcny does not, so awdundldso is not more hardworking than aeuucyqcny
psejbylf works for weeks while dzwfqmwrze does not, so dzwfqmwrze is not more hardworking than psejbylf
qbyrnjrh works for weeks while wbyehmgd does not, so wbyehmgd is not more hardworking than qbyrnjrh
fszdpj works for weeks while cikyijsgo does not, so cikyijsgo is not more hardworking than fszdpj
llrfbmzdne works for weeks while psdxxpz does not, so psdxxpz is not more hardworking than llrfbmzdne
aeuucyqcny works for weeks while awdundldso does not, so awdundldso is not more hardworking than aeuucyqcny
cncltsaext goes to the store with another person's mother while gng does not, so cncltsaext is more helpful than gng
bjvqmssq goes to the store with another person's mother while zrccnjvuwj does not, so bjvqmssq is more helpful than zrccnjvuwj
aryqowjaoc goes to the store with another person's mother while cbkvddqcc does not, so aryqowjaoc is more helpful than cbkvddqcc
nvriqucll goes to the store with another person's mother while usvmdcurb does not, so nvriqucll is more helpful than usvmdcurb
iubipwurw goes to the store with another person's mother while vjsetbyyjrc does not, so iubipwurw is more helpful than vjsetbyyjrc
cncltsaext goes to the store with another person's mother while gng does not, so gng is less helpful than cncltsaext
bjvqmssq goes to the store with another person's mother while zrccnjvuwj does not, so zrccnjvuwj is less helpful than bjvqmssq
aryqowjaoc goes to the store with another person's mother while cbkvddqcc does not, so cbkvddqcc is less helpful than aryqowjaoc
nvriqucll goes to the store with another person's mother while usvmdcurb does not, so usvmdcurb is less helpful than nvriqucll
iubipwurw goes to the store with another person's mother while vjsetbyyjrc does not, so vjsetbyyjrc is less helpful than iubipwurw
ljvfyiez goes to the store with another person's mother while snn does not, so ljvfyiez is not less helpful than snn
goupadd goes to the store with another person's mother while pwcnspkg does not, so goupadd is not less helpful than pwcnspkg
btmtunss goes to the store with another person's mother while yrz does not, so btmtunss is not less helpful than yrz
drvcxyhry goes to the store with another person's mother while cixpguw does not, so drvcxyhry is not less helpful than cixpguw
akuulz goes to the store with another person's mother while wpsxpghjqu does not, so akuulz is not less helpful than wpsxpghjqu
snn goes to the store with another person's mother while ljvfyiez does not, so ljvfyiez is not more helpful than snn
pwcnspkg goes to the store with another person's mother while goupadd does not, so goupadd is not more helpful than pwcnspkg
yrz goes to the store with another person's mother while btmtunss does not, so btmtunss is not more helpful than yrz
cixpguw goes to the store with another person's mother while drvcxyhry does not, so drvcxyhry is not more helpful than cixpguw
wpsxpghjqu goes to the store with another person's mother while akuulz does not, so akuulz is not more helpful than wpsxpghjqu
vhsusmpvoiby has a heart while zfddg does not, so vhsusmpvoiby is more gentle than zfddg
ddpyb has a heart while zskbsrgto does not, so ddpyb is more gentle than zskbsrgto
hro has a heart while mjhqflulyc does not, so hro is more gentle than mjhqflulyc
oqyfcfoje has a heart while eruhad does not, so oqyfcfoje is more gentle than eruhad
mxfpai has a heart while npwg does not, so mxfpai is more gentle than npwg
vhsusmpvoiby has a heart while zfddg does not, so zfddg is less gentle than vhsusmpvoiby
ddpyb has a heart while zskbsrgto does not, so zskbsrgto is less gentle than ddpyb
hro has a heart while mjhqflulyc does not, so mjhqflulyc is less gentle than hro
oqyfcfoje has a heart while eruhad does not, so eruhad is less gentle than oqyfcfoje
mxfpai has a heart while npwg does not, so npwg is less gentle than mxfpai
bbawokorii has a heart while ess does not, so bbawokorii is not more gentle than ess
mrcgqu has a heart while mltbkxlgdw does not, so mrcgqu is not more gentle than mltbkxlgdw
dgbnjjksaeo has a heart while qamujyaa does not, so dgbnjjksaeo is not more gentle than qamujyaa
llaeqs has a heart while qzlp does not, so llaeqs is not more gentle than qzlp
upsyvuol has a heart while yya does not, so upsyvuol is not more gentle than yya
ess has a heart while bbawokorii does not, so bbawokorii is not more gentle than ess
mltbkxlgdw has a heart while mrcgqu does not, so mrcgqu is not more gentle than mltbkxlgdw
qamujyaa has a heart while dgbnjjksaeo does not, so dgbnjjksaeo is not more gentle than qamujyaa
qzlp has a heart while llaeqs does not, so llaeqs is not more gentle than qzlp
yya has a heart while upsyvuol does not, so upsyvuol is not more gentle than yya
vptcfhnwq keeps their mouth shut while mac does not, so vptcfhnwq is more agreeable than mac
ufdrwm keeps their mouth shut while wsvgrtrzhrfs does not, so ufdrwm is more agreeable than wsvgrtrzhrfs
fowoed keeps their mouth shut while qvdolvbswfx does not, so fowoed is more agreeable than qvdolvbswfx
hcfrlvltiu keeps their mouth shut while odsjalpzphz does not, so hcfrlvltiu is more agreeable than odsjalpzphz
nwjjndsws keeps their mouth shut while svmklybdclz does not, so nwjjndsws is more agreeable than svmklybdclz
vptcfhnwq keeps their mouth shut while mac does not, so mac is less agreeable than vptcfhnwq
ufdrwm keeps their mouth shut while wsvgrtrzhrfs does not, so wsvgrtrzhrfs is less agreeable than ufdrwm
fowoed keeps their mouth shut while qvdolvbswfx does not, so qvdolvbswfx is less agreeable than fowoed
hcfrlvltiu keeps their mouth shut while odsjalpzphz does not, so odsjalpzphz is less agreeable than hcfrlvltiu
nwjjndsws keeps their mouth shut while svmklybdclz does not, so svmklybdclz is less agreeable than nwjjndsws
shmn keeps their mouth shut while tjeeemba does not, so shmn is not less agreeable than tjeeemba
qhoeywxqkt keeps their mouth shut while jdmisbkz does not, so qhoeywxqkt is not less agreeable than jdmisbkz
jsurdqq keeps their mouth shut while ikemakxbr does not, so jsurdqq is not less agreeable than ikemakxbr
sst keeps their mouth shut while nubeq does not, so sst is not less agreeable than nubeq
jtpmeadgwqe keeps their mouth shut while org does not, so jtpmeadgwqe is not less agreeable than org
tjeeemba keeps their mouth shut while shmn does not, so shmn is not more agreeable than tjeeemba
jdmisbkz keeps their mouth shut while qhoeywxqkt does not, so qhoeywxqkt is not more agreeable than jdmisbkz
ikemakxbr keeps their mouth shut while jsurdqq does not, so jsurdqq is not more agreeable than ikemakxbr
nubeq keeps their mouth shut while sst does not, so sst is not more agreeable than nubeq
org keeps their mouth shut while jtpmeadgwqe does not, so jtpmeadgwqe is not more agreeable than org
hzu finishes another person's work while jneryxdp does not, so hzu is more determined than jneryxdp
ijawq finishes another person's work while roglxaxmc does not, so ijawq is more determined than roglxaxmc
tyomstakkw finishes another person's work while egpxdrgcj does not, so tyomstakkw is more determined than egpxdrgcj
isnugwtxifob finishes another person's work while ospznfll does not, so isnugwtxifob is more determined than ospznfll
sywuxvtlas finishes another person's work while ldqseflwbd does not, so sywuxvtlas is more determined than ldqseflwbd
hzu finishes another person's work while jneryxdp does not, so jneryxdp is less determined than hzu
ijawq finishes another person's work while roglxaxmc does not, so roglxaxmc is less determined than ijawq
tyomstakkw finishes another person's work while egpxdrgcj does not, so egpxdrgcj is less determined than tyomstakkw
isnugwtxifob finishes another person's work while ospznfll does not, so ospznfll is less determined than isnugwtxifob
sywuxvtlas finishes another person's work while ldqseflwbd does not, so ldqseflwbd is less determined than sywuxvtlas
pmxnskxe finishes another person's work while cmfrogtb does not, so pmxnskxe is not less determined than cmfrogtb
iedokrniszn finishes another person's work while insnfmjfq does not, so iedokrniszn is not less determined than insnfmjfq
ewnkgbeexgot finishes another person's work while wrjxcsoqle does not, so ewnkgbeexgot is not less determined than wrjxcsoqle
shqtxpod finishes another person's work while scjz does not, so shqtxpod is not less determined than scjz
fnbbcmpqsent finishes another person's work while szbtpqjfv does not, so fnbbcmpqsent is not less determined than szbtpqjfv
cmfrogtb finishes another person's work while pmxnskxe does not, so pmxnskxe is not more determined than cmfrogtb
insnfmjfq finishes another person's work while iedokrniszn does not, so iedokrniszn is not more determined than insnfmjfq
wrjxcsoqle finishes another person's work while ewnkgbeexgot does not, so ewnkgbeexgot is not more determined than wrjxcsoqle
scjz finishes another person's work while shqtxpod does not, so shqtxpod is not more determined than scjz
szbtpqjfv finishes another person's work while fnbbcmpqsent does not, so fnbbcmpqsent is not more determined than szbtpqjfv
hvgjuir needs to find a job while pae does not, so hvgjuir is more in debt than pae
bmlavytts needs to find a job while ionuliqo does not, so bmlavytts is more in debt than ionuliqo
tuivqpmfdaxb needs to find a job while red does not, so tuivqpmfdaxb is more in debt than red
hxqqkhxp needs to find a job while pxebjpwwn does not, so hxqqkhxp is more in debt than pxebjpwwn
dhyrykehd needs to find a job while bnsorohr does not, so dhyrykehd is more in debt than bnsorohr
hvgjuir needs to find a job while pae does not, so pae is less in debt than hvgjuir
bmlavytts needs to find a job while ionuliqo does not, so ionuliqo is less in debt than bmlavytts
tuivqpmfdaxb needs to find a job while red does not, so red is less in debt than tuivqpmfdaxb
hxqqkhxp needs to find a job while pxebjpwwn does not, so pxebjpwwn is less in debt than hxqqkhxp
dhyrykehd needs to find a job while bnsorohr does not, so bnsorohr is less in debt than dhyrykehd
tltmyn needs to find a job while iwlaliz does not, so tltmyn is not less in debt than iwlaliz
xinkvqthzo needs to find a job while ppnxvxxmpg does not, so xinkvqthzo is not less in debt than ppnxvxxmpg
ntw needs to find a job while jgega does not, so ntw is not less in debt than jgega
yxvr needs to find a job while hhtxgfwlaub does not, so yxvr is not less in debt than hhtxgfwlaub
iod needs to find a job while txel does not, so iod is not less in debt than txel
iwlaliz needs to find a job more than tltmyn, so tltmyn is not more in debt than iwlaliz
ppnxvxxmpg needs to find a job more than xinkvqthzo, so xinkvqthzo is not more in debt than ppnxvxxmpg
jgega needs to find a job more than ntw, so ntw is not more in debt than jgega
hhtxgfwlaub needs to find a job more than yxvr, so yxvr is not more in debt than hhtxgfwlaub
txel needs to find a job more than iod, so iod is not more in debt than txel
mcqx would love another person more than mgduzm, so mcqx is more amiable than mgduzm
wmu would love another person more than qwhsnqmqj, so wmu is more amiable than qwhsnqmqj
kncrbdzzcpr would love another person more than wqpo, so kncrbdzzcpr is more amiable than wqpo
xkogth would love another person more than rhxqnbjovxi, so xkogth is more amiable than rhxqnbjovxi
beasyfbrizsx would love another person more than vhxgbaudqdq, so beasyfbrizsx is more amiable than vhxgbaudqdq
mcqx would love another person more than mgduzm, so mgduzm is less amiable than mcqx
wmu would love another person more than qwhsnqmqj, so qwhsnqmqj is less amiable than wmu
kncrbdzzcpr would love another person more than wqpo, so wqpo is less amiable than kncrbdzzcpr
xkogth would love another person more than rhxqnbjovxi, so rhxqnbjovxi is less amiable than xkogth
beasyfbrizsx would love another person more than vhxgbaudqdq, so vhxgbaudqdq is less amiable than beasyfbrizsx
qdl would love another person more than cbv, so qdl is not less amiable than cbv
jokgovmgh would love another person more than xwtignnea, so jokgovmgh is not less amiable than xwtignnea
rlbuikolmtrh would love another person more than tcakz, so rlbuikolmtrh is not less amiable than tcakz
ymwvmg would love another person more than ttzriwwgxkla, so ymwvmg is not less amiable than ttzriwwgxkla
tiniqgah would love another person more than rso, so tiniqgah is not less amiable than rso
cbv would love another person more than qdl, so qdl is not more amiable than cbv
xwtignnea would love another person more than jokgovmgh, so jokgovmgh is not more amiable than xwtignnea
tcakz would love another person more than rlbuikolmtrh, so rlbuikolmtrh is not more amiable than tcakz
ttzriwwgxkla would love another person more than ymwvmg, so ymwvmg is not more amiable than ttzriwwgxkla
rso would love another person more than tiniqgah, so tiniqgah is not more amiable than rso
wwe eats too much candy while ckmlooaf does not, so wwe is more sick than ckmlooaf
cgljsa eats too much candy while pddwboha does not, so cgljsa is more sick than pddwboha
evef eats too much candy while zai does not, so evef is more sick than zai
hqhijyjv eats too much candy while wmpyh does not, so hqhijyjv is more sick than wmpyh
ynpxn eats too much candy while jcsmrxokin does not, so ynpxn is more sick than jcsmrxokin
wwe eats too much candy while ckmlooaf does not, so ckmlooaf is more sick than wwe
cgljsa eats too much candy while pddwboha does not, so pddwboha is more sick than cgljsa
evef eats too much candy while zai does not, so zai is more sick than evef
hqhijyjv eats too much candy while wmpyh does not, so wmpyh is more sick than hqhijyjv
ynpxn eats too much candy while jcsmrxokin does not, so jcsmrxokin is more sick than ynpxn
nqznhg eats too much candy while plnlvnoqjo does not, so nqznhg is not less sick than plnlvnoqjo
lfmowykwlye eats too much candy while rkml does not, so lfmowykwlye is not less sick than rkml
ptqgiv eats too much candy while ogvht does not, so ptqgiv is not less sick than ogvht
siwcjiwxir eats too much candy while bodxf does not, so siwcjiwxir is not less sick than bodxf
ibrsqgdifmrb eats too much candy while yieqlyjafxez does not, so ibrsqgdifmrb is not less sick than yieqlyjafxez
plnlvnoqjo eats too much candy while nqznhg does not, so nqznhg is not more sick than plnlvnoqjo
rkml eats too much candy while lfmowykwlye does not, so lfmowykwlye is not more sick than rkml
ogvht eats too much candy while ptqgiv does not, so ptqgiv is not more sick than ogvht
bodxf eats too much candy while siwcjiwxir does not, so siwcjiwxir is not more sick than bodxf
yieqlyjafxez eats too much candy while ibrsqgdifmrb does not, so ibrsqgdifmrb is not more sick than yieqlyjafxez
gkf watches their show while mnj does not, so gkf is more entertained than mnj
rlcy watches their show while gibjb does not, so rlcy is more entertained than gibjb
fatke watches their show while bgucatuk does not, so fatke is more entertained than bgucatuk
zvxmlpq watches their show while rgksbbumyl does not, so zvxmlpq is more entertained than rgksbbumyl
dbvviethq watches their show while ufevhslpmy does not, so dbvviethq is more entertained than ufevhslpmy
gkf watches their show while mnj does not, so mnj is less entertained than gkf
rlcy watches their show while gibjb does not, so gibjb is less entertained than rlcy
fatke watches their show while bgucatuk does not, so bgucatuk is less entertained than fatke
zvxmlpq watches their show while rgksbbumyl does not, so rgksbbumyl is less entertained than zvxmlpq
dbvviethq watches their show while ufevhslpmy does not, so ufevhslpmy is less entertained than dbvviethq
jrkullla watches their show while yjcrallxqto does not, so jrkullla is not less entertained than yjcrallxqto
llp watches their show while fnv does not, so llp is not less entertained than fnv
bybtxq watches their show while ale does not, so bybtxq is not less entertained than ale
ztect watches their show while wmg does not, so ztect is not less entertained than wmg
jvkitjdotc watches their show while cvdqwcdx does not, so jvkitjdotc is not less entertained than cvdqwcdx
yjcrallxqto watches their show while jrkullla does not, so jrkullla is not more entertained than yjcrallxqto
fnv watches their show while llp does not, so llp is not more entertained than fnv
ale watches their show while bybtxq does not, so bybtxq is not more entertained than ale
wmg watches their show while ztect does not, so ztect is not more entertained than wmg
cvdqwcdx watches their show while jvkitjdotc does not, so jvkitjdotc is not more entertained than cvdqwcdx
xeeedibjvyq gets an invitation while heh does not, so xeeedibjvyq is more enthusiastic than heh
xbgpoq gets an invitation while blpie does not, so xbgpoq is more enthusiastic than blpie
bzhdkcuhjalt gets an invitation while veqaac does not, so bzhdkcuhjalt is more enthusiastic than veqaac
kyyqlgsuxvtz gets an invitation while fefmhciwbw does not, so kyyqlgsuxvtz is more enthusiastic than fefmhciwbw
bfvjmsuuhbh gets an invitation while lgxnelb does not, so bfvjmsuuhbh is more enthusiastic than lgxnelb
xeeedibjvyq gets an invitation while heh does not, so heh is less enthusiastic than xeeedibjvyq
xbgpoq gets an invitation while blpie does not, so blpie is less enthusiastic than xbgpoq
bzhdkcuhjalt gets an invitation while veqaac does not, so veqaac is less enthusiastic than bzhdkcuhjalt
kyyqlgsuxvtz gets an invitation while fefmhciwbw does not, so fefmhciwbw is less enthusiastic than kyyqlgsuxvtz
bfvjmsuuhbh gets an invitation while lgxnelb does not, so lgxnelb is less enthusiastic than bfvjmsuuhbh
inxyosrd gets an invitation while mjkkgdm does not, so inxyosrd is not less enthusiastic than mjkkgdm
lvyfzjutpkct gets an invitation while khmght does not, so lvyfzjutpkct is not less enthusiastic than khmght
vjbivfjn gets an invitation while ddntghreko does not, so vjbivfjn is not less enthusiastic than ddntghreko
mcpvorwk gets an invitation while mrishn does not, so mcpvorwk is not less enthusiastic than mrishn
sguiukyp gets an invitation while hpfxhzb does not, so sguiukyp is not less enthusiastic than hpfxhzb
mjkkgdm gets an invitation while inxyosrd does not, so inxyosrd is not more enthusiastic than mjkkgdm
khmght gets an invitation while lvyfzjutpkct does not, so lvyfzjutpkct is not more enthusiastic than khmght
ddntghreko gets an invitation while vjbivfjn does not, so vjbivfjn is not more enthusiastic than ddntghreko
mrishn gets an invitation while mcpvorwk does not, so mcpvorwk is not more enthusiastic than mrishn
hpfxhzb gets an invitation while sguiukyp does not, so sguiukyp is not more enthusiastic than hpfxhzb
nwnxpsc exercises their power while ukiagdhj does not, so nwnxpsc is more powerful than ukiagdhj
fvgboie exercises their power while hcnjdu does not, so fvgboie is more powerful than hcnjdu
uztupwkfx exercises their power while bfhvmdb does not, so uztupwkfx is more powerful than bfhvmdb
suqz exercises their power while mjxyoazabcig does not, so suqz is more powerful than mjxyoazabcig
zru exercises their power while mfdmwqqjc does not, so zru is more powerful than mfdmwqqjc
nwnxpsc exercises their power while ukiagdhj does not, so ukiagdhj is less powerful than nwnxpsc
fvgboie exercises their power while hcnjdu does not, so hcnjdu is less powerful than fvgboie
uztupwkfx exercises their power while bfhvmdb does not, so bfhvmdb is less powerful than uztupwkfx
suqz exercises their power while mjxyoazabcig does not, so mjxyoazabcig is less powerful than suqz
zru exercises their power while mfdmwqqjc does not, so mfdmwqqjc is less powerful than zru
vxddcgla exercises their power while yikkl does not, so vxddcgla is not less powerful than yikkl
ibkhbw exercises their power while dwji does not, so ibkhbw is not less powerful than dwji
tnnw exercises their power while urgcqstix does not, so tnnw is not less powerful than urgcqstix
uuikywd exercises their power while zatxvtamtyyn does not, so uuikywd is not less powerful than zatxvtamtyyn
qbg exercises their power while zfocxvcvebi does not, so qbg is not less powerful than zfocxvcvebi
yikkl exercises their power while vxddcgla does not, so vxddcgla is not more powerful than yikkl
dwji exercises their power while ibkhbw does not, so ibkhbw is not more powerful than dwji
urgcqstix exercises their power while tnnw does not, so tnnw is not more powerful than urgcqstix
zatxvtamtyyn exercises their power while uuikywd does not, so uuikywd is not more powerful than zatxvtamtyyn
zfocxvcvebi exercises their power while qbg does not, so qbg is not more powerful than zfocxvcvebi
cmgwn changes a flat tire while wwei does not, so cmgwn is less strong than wwei
bqkwqjaqlo changes a flat tire while iakwoefoviy does not, so bqkwqjaqlo is less strong than iakwoefoviy
okdoeda changes a flat tire while pexdwxusdf does not, so okdoeda is less strong than pexdwxusdf
zvqd changes a flat tire while sjoyjronc does not, so zvqd is less strong than sjoyjronc
kvwtuhuast changes a flat tire while pyp does not, so kvwtuhuast is less strong than pyp
cmgwn changes a flat tire while wwei does not, so wwei is less strong than cmgwn
bqkwqjaqlo changes a flat tire while iakwoefoviy does not, so iakwoefoviy is less strong than bqkwqjaqlo
okdoeda changes a flat tire while pexdwxusdf does not, so pexdwxusdf is less strong than okdoeda
zvqd changes a flat tire while sjoyjronc does not, so sjoyjronc is less strong than zvqd
kvwtuhuast changes a flat tire while pyp does not, so pyp is less strong than kvwtuhuast
hbaqxom changes a flat tire while dclxvjanrm does not, so hbaqxom is not less strong than dclxvjanrm
idddqxwvqd changes a flat tire while kobqzeaecwnj does not, so idddqxwvqd is not less strong than kobqzeaecwnj
dqwxscy changes a flat tire while itn does not, so dqwxscy is not less strong than itn
vdsay changes a flat tire while owoyseooeuy does not, so vdsay is not less strong than owoyseooeuy
jlwdzqybw changes a flat tire while vdvohsbr does not, so jlwdzqybw is not less strong than vdvohsbr
dclxvjanrm changes a flat tire while hbaqxom does not, so hbaqxom is not more strong than dclxvjanrm
kobqzeaecwnj changes a flat tire while idddqxwvqd does not, so idddqxwvqd is not more strong than kobqzeaecwnj
itn changes a flat tire while dqwxscy does not, so dqwxscy is not more strong than itn
owoyseooeuy changes a flat tire while vdsay does not, so vdsay is not more strong than owoyseooeuy
vdvohsbr changes a flat tire while jlwdzqybw does not, so jlwdzqybw is not more strong than vdvohsbr
dijvumbft throws up another person's hands while beemaguuznh does not, so dijvumbft is more angry than beemaguuznh
iwiubby throws up another person's hands while rvzm does not, so iwiubby is more angry than rvzm
logv throws up another person's hands while tlologtcr does not, so logv is more angry than tlologtcr
aotqf throws up another person's hands while lzcy does not, so aotqf is more angry than lzcy
uouwnoqaf throws up another person's hands while pakjnauvcb does not, so uouwnoqaf is more angry than pakjnauvcb
dijvumbft throws up another person's hands while beemaguuznh does not, so beemaguuznh is less angry than dijvumbft
iwiubby throws up another person's hands while rvzm does not, so rvzm is less angry than iwiubby
logv throws up another person's hands while tlologtcr does not, so tlologtcr is less angry than logv
aotqf throws up another person's hands while lzcy does not, so lzcy is less angry than aotqf
uouwnoqaf throws up another person's hands while pakjnauvcb does not, so pakjnauvcb is less angry than uouwnoqaf
aqgqvshm throws up another person's hands while tou does not, so aqgqvshm is not less angry than tou
kprpawkm throws up another person's hands while zkviyevvnkk does not, so kprpawkm is not less angry than zkviyevvnkk
svd throws up another person's hands while tohhj does not, so svd is not less angry than tohhj
wtcmb throws up another person's hands while viazgvimgd does not, so wtcmb is not less angry than viazgvimgd
budspobe throws up another person's hands while vzdjjut does not, so budspobe is not less angry than vzdjjut
tou throws up another person's hands while aqgqvshm does not, so aqgqvshm is not more angry than tou
zkviyevvnkk throws up another person's hands while kprpawkm does not, so kprpawkm is not more angry than zkviyevvnkk
tohhj throws up another person's hands while svd does not, so svd is not more angry than tohhj
viazgvimgd throws up another person's hands while wtcmb does not, so wtcmb is not more angry than viazgvimgd
vzdjjut throws up another person's hands while budspobe does not, so budspobe is not more angry than vzdjjut
qdk feels like crap while fedzb does not, so qdk is more fluish than fedzb
dfcax feels like crap while etrntxutm does not, so dfcax is more fluish than etrntxutm
ejpysvxzc feels like crap while sifgiugs does not, so ejpysvxzc is more fluish than sifgiugs
lfafjsbctg feels like crap while fagg does not, so lfafjsbctg is more fluish than fagg
kuvukn feels like crap while aszdi does not, so kuvukn is more fluish than aszdi
qdk feels like crap while fedzb does not, so fedzb is less fluish than qdk
dfcax feels like crap while etrntxutm does not, so etrntxutm is less fluish than dfcax
ejpysvxzc feels like crap while sifgiugs does not, so sifgiugs is less fluish than ejpysvxzc
lfafjsbctg feels like crap while fagg does not, so fagg is less fluish than lfafjsbctg
kuvukn feels like crap while aszdi does not, so aszdi is less fluish than kuvukn
mzkvzsulvhyb feels like crap while mlmwd does not, so mzkvzsulvhyb is not less fluish than mlmwd
kzj feels like crap while elhjurk does not, so kzj is not less fluish than elhjurk
ggdjuhqr feels like crap while gtpjwzlu does not, so ggdjuhqr is not less fluish than gtpjwzlu
jwgywwyrudpr feels like crap while dlgnmh does not, so jwgywwyrudpr is not less fluish than dlgnmh
gfsfpdbqyk feels like crap while agmkhyuzozpf does not, so gfsfpdbqyk is not less fluish than agmkhyuzozpf
mlmwd feels like crap while mzkvzsulvhyb does not, so mzkvzsulvhyb is not more fluish than mlmwd
elhjurk feels like crap while kzj does not, so kzj is not more fluish than elhjurk
gtpjwzlu feels like crap while ggdjuhqr does not, so ggdjuhqr is not more fluish than gtpjwzlu
dlgnmh feels like crap while jwgywwyrudpr does not, so jwgywwyrudpr is not more fluish than dlgnmh
agmkhyuzozpf feels like crap while gfsfpdbqyk does not, so gfsfpdbqyk is not more fluish than agmkhyuzozpf
zuunvl considers another person example more than xhmer, so zuunvl is more likely to be observing than xhmer
isiasbvusw considers another person example more than seqjeamg, so isiasbvusw is more likely to be observing than seqjeamg
gqhh considers another person example more than tumwxmn, so gqhh is more likely to be observing than tumwxmn
pkbkurt considers another person example more than mecpgqpcdrb, so pkbkurt is more likely to be observing than mecpgqpcdrb
wrlb considers another person example more than hmwvcq, so wrlb is more likely to be observing than hmwvcq
zuunvl considers another person example more than xhmer, so xhmer is less likely to be observing than zuunvl
isiasbvusw considers another person example more than seqjeamg, so seqjeamg is less likely to be observing than isiasbvusw
gqhh considers another person example more than tumwxmn, so tumwxmn is less likely to be observing than gqhh
pkbkurt considers another person example more than mecpgqpcdrb, so mecpgqpcdrb is less likely to be observing than pkbkurt
wrlb considers another person example more than hmwvcq, so hmwvcq is less likely to be observing than wrlb
idhtyceriave considers another person example more than wgesx, so idhtyceriave is not less observing than wgesx
frxxc considers another person example more than kbzmue, so frxxc is not less observing than kbzmue
xtphtj considers another person example more than gcbyiuqlp, so xtphtj is not less observing than gcbyiuqlp
limnmnnym considers another person example more than ycdstxqlrs, so limnmnnym is not less observing than ycdstxqlrs
gmngw considers another person example more than mmpkogpqkk, so gmngw is not less observing than mmpkogpqkk
wgesx considers another person example more than idhtyceriave, so idhtyceriave is not more observing than wgesx
kbzmue considers another person example more than frxxc, so frxxc is not more observing than kbzmue
gcbyiuqlp considers another person example more than xtphtj, so xtphtj is not more observing than gcbyiuqlp
ycdstxqlrs considers another person example more than limnmnnym, so limnmnnym is not more observing than ycdstxqlrs
mmpkogpqkk considers another person example more than gmngw, so gmngw is not more observing than mmpkogpqkk
rndjkhcwwc beats the bishop while wfjqz does not, so rndjkhcwwc is more insulted than wfjqz
usc beats the bishop while yvdcfmapmg does not, so usc is more insulted than yvdcfmapmg
vplwjlimc beats the bishop while qdeve does not, so vplwjlimc is more insulted than qdeve
sylmiij beats the bishop while inxdo does not, so sylmiij is more insulted than inxdo
zterryc beats the bishop while fnjvdus does not, so zterryc is more insulted than fnjvdus
rndjkhcwwc beats the bishop while wfjqz does not, so wfjqz is less insulted than rndjkhcwwc
usc beats the bishop while yvdcfmapmg does not, so yvdcfmapmg is less insulted than usc
vplwjlimc beats the bishop while qdeve does not, so qdeve is less insulted than vplwjlimc
sylmiij beats the bishop while inxdo does not, so inxdo is less insulted than sylmiij
zterryc beats the bishop while fnjvdus does not, so fnjvdus is less insulted than zterryc
gkohktggvj beats the bishop while lkpwylgk does not, so gkohktggvj is not less insulted than lkpwylgk
yvppyuoo beats the bishop while zgqiaapwhdx does not, so yvppyuoo is not less insulted than zgqiaapwhdx
abgcstjtwqje beats the bishop while ziuuubhdowo does not, so abgcstjtwqje is not less insulted than ziuuubhdowo
nezdojdmk beats the bishop while ory does not, so nezdojdmk is not less insulted than ory
bsbdfkwyuiyf beats the bishop while xyfbhatzh does not, so bsbdfkwyuiyf is not less insulted than xyfbhatzh
lkpwylgk beats the bishop while gkohktggvj does not, so gkohktggvj is not more insulted than lkpwylgk
zgqiaapwhdx beats the bishop while yvppyuoo does not, so yvppyuoo is not more insulted than zgqiaapwhdx
ziuuubhdowo beats the bishop while abgcstjtwqje does not, so abgcstjtwqje is not more insulted than ziuuubhdowo
ory beats the bishop while nezdojdmk does not, so nezdojdmk is not more insulted than ory
xyfbhatzh beats the bishop while bsbdfkwyuiyf does not, so bsbdfkwyuiyf is not more insulted than xyfbhatzh
advwuuqnfbts loses one while xenfsw does not, so advwuuqnfbts is more careless than xenfsw
kwpysdlyqas loses one while sljkp does not, so kwpysdlyqas is more careless than sljkp
ckxbbyr loses one while ufe does not, so ckxbbyr is more careless than ufe
feumvyhrf loses one while ujaztwewomst does not, so feumvyhrf is more careless than ujaztwewomst
camzxlnykudz loses one while gcdui does not, so camzxlnykudz is more careless than gcdui
advwuuqnfbts loses one while xenfsw does not, so xenfsw is less careless than advwuuqnfbts
kwpysdlyqas loses one while sljkp does not, so sljkp is less careless than kwpysdlyqas
ckxbbyr loses one while ufe does not, so ufe is less careless than ckxbbyr
feumvyhrf loses one while ujaztwewomst does not, so ujaztwewomst is less careless than feumvyhrf
camzxlnykudz loses one while gcdui does not, so gcdui is less careless than camzxlnykudz
wqir loses one while qrzerxhujdwp does not, so wqir is not less careless than qrzerxhujdwp
ryftdftl loses one while qqrhittkt does not, so ryftdftl is not less careless than qqrhittkt
dluac loses one while xkrvoarp does not, so dluac is not less careless than xkrvoarp
aadmnbkl loses one while xef does not, so aadmnbkl is not less careless than xef
ipkl loses one while lqurrozlngv does not, so ipkl is not less careless than lqurrozlngv
qrzerxhujdwp loses one while wqir does not, so wqir is not more careless than qrzerxhujdwp
qqrhittkt loses one while ryftdftl does not, so ryftdftl is not more careless than qqrhittkt
xkrvoarp loses one while dluac does not, so dluac is not more careless than xkrvoarp
xef loses one while aadmnbkl does not, so aadmnbkl is not more careless than xef
lqurrozlngv loses one while ipkl does not, so ipkl is not more careless than lqurrozlngv
cmnxs works out their salvation while lhgygdiuff does not, so cmnxs is more aware than lhgygdiuff
xswzyqlc works out their salvation while zxaeanujqfp does not, so xswzyqlc is more aware than zxaeanujqfp
wtkjuwhqxmh works out their salvation while tvet does not, so wtkjuwhqxmh is more aware than tvet
nyifs works out their salvation while mgtwtqs does not, so nyifs is more aware than mgtwtqs
ahwqxrbj works out their salvation while kcgph does not, so ahwqxrbj is more aware than kcgph
cmnxs works out their salvation while lhgygdiuff does not, so lhgygdiuff is less aware than cmnxs
xswzyqlc works out their salvation while zxaeanujqfp does not, so zxaeanujqfp is less aware than xswzyqlc
wtkjuwhqxmh works out their salvation while tvet does not, so tvet is less aware than wtkjuwhqxmh
nyifs works out their salvation while mgtwtqs does not, so mgtwtqs is less aware than nyifs
ahwqxrbj works out their salvation while kcgph does not, so kcgph is less aware than ahwqxrbj
mcl works out their salvation while tjvdkyfzncgu does not, so mcl is not less aware than tjvdkyfzncgu
uyyfrqgjlzz works out their salvation while lhqu does not, so uyyfrqgjlzz is not less aware than lhqu
ixvotoila works out their salvation while tmylsdjghfnc does not, so ixvotoila is not less aware than tmylsdjghfnc
ylbldqate works out their salvation while kozsc does not, so ylbldqate is not less aware than kozsc
wbipvtfxoiah works out their salvation while dewvvk does not, so wbipvtfxoiah is not less aware than dewvvk
tjvdkyfzncgu works out their salvation while mcl does not, so mcl is not more aware than tjvdkyfzncgu
lhqu works out their salvation while uyyfrqgjlzz does not, so uyyfrqgjlzz is not more aware than lhqu
tmylsdjghfnc works out their salvation while ixvotoila does not, so ixvotoila is not more aware than tmylsdjghfnc
kozsc works out their salvation while ylbldqate does not, so ylbldqate is not more aware than kozsc
dewvvk works out their salvation while wbipvtfxoiah does not, so wbipvtfxoiah is not more aware than dewvvk
fezilobvzknm gets another person's wallet back while lddesqvtfc does not, so fezilobvzknm is more helpful than lddesqvtfc
vezcuhtih gets another person's wallet back while jjy does not, so vezcuhtih is more helpful than jjy
czvrimw gets another person's wallet back while oezd does not, so czvrimw is more helpful than oezd
gmgqjgu gets another person's wallet back while xrreb does not, so gmgqjgu is more helpful than xrreb
tjibxea gets another person's wallet back while quzweubtu does not, so tjibxea is more helpful than quzweubtu
fezilobvzknm gets another person's wallet back while lddesqvtfc does not, so lddesqvtfc is less helpful than fezilobvzknm
vezcuhtih gets another person's wallet back while jjy does not, so jjy is less helpful than vezcuhtih
czvrimw gets another person's wallet back while oezd does not, so oezd is less helpful than czvrimw
gmgqjgu gets another person's wallet back while xrreb does not, so xrreb is less helpful than gmgqjgu
tjibxea gets another person's wallet back while quzweubtu does not, so quzweubtu is less helpful than tjibxea
vuktnnjeaxw gets another person's wallet back while zeumf does not, so vuktnnjeaxw is not less helpful than zeumf
ywkvco gets another person's wallet back while bdxxolhuem does not, so ywkvco is not less helpful than bdxxolhuem
yljvmpnk gets another person's wallet back while yhdndnkj does not, so yljvmpnk is not less helpful than yhdndnkj
iikpzfjijjs gets another person's wallet back while axepbjat does not, so iikpzfjijjs is not less helpful than axepbjat
doumf gets another person's wallet back while duwypgxyfprc does not, so doumf is not less helpful than duwypgxyfprc
zeumf gets another person's wallet back while vuktnnjeaxw does not, so vuktnnjeaxw is not more helpful than zeumf
bdxxolhuem gets another person's wallet back while ywkvco does not, so ywkvco is not more helpful than bdxxolhuem
yhdndnkj gets another person's wallet back while yljvmpnk does not, so yljvmpnk is not more helpful than yhdndnkj
axepbjat gets another person's wallet back while iikpzfjijjs does not, so iikpzfjijjs is not more helpful than axepbjat
duwypgxyfprc gets another person's wallet back while doumf does not, so doumf is not more helpful than duwypgxyfprc
ovqmi misses their stop while nqspprysifc does not, so ovqmi is more distracted than nqspprysifc
vtw misses their stop while nxzvkzvzidie does not, so vtw is more distracted than nxzvkzvzidie
ynnq misses their stop while gufeckakkf does not, so ynnq is more distracted than gufeckakkf
yvhgobxyqg misses their stop while ypgascajwejh does not, so yvhgobxyqg is more distracted than ypgascajwejh
lrgugzx misses their stop while mpxovyutmd does not, so lrgugzx is more distracted than mpxovyutmd
ovqmi misses their stop while nqspprysifc does not, so nqspprysifc is less distracted than ovqmi
vtw misses their stop while nxzvkzvzidie does not, so nxzvkzvzidie is less distracted than vtw
ynnq misses their stop while gufeckakkf does not, so gufeckakkf is less distracted than ynnq
yvhgobxyqg misses their stop while ypgascajwejh does not, so ypgascajwejh is less distracted than yvhgobxyqg
lrgugzx misses their stop while mpxovyutmd does not, so mpxovyutmd is less distracted than lrgugzx
ctd misses their stop while viynhwcis does not, so ctd is not less distracted than viynhwcis
wistgpvx misses their stop while cjueaippp does not, so wistgpvx is not less distracted than cjueaippp
gmwcdepwofjd misses their stop while bgudumm does not, so gmwcdepwofjd is not less distracted than bgudumm
fstr misses their stop while nsxatreurgv does not, so fstr is not less distracted than nsxatreurgv
layxchjtadly misses their stop while gauxjhizc does not, so layxchjtadly is not less distracted than gauxjhizc
viynhwcis misses their stop while ctd does not, so ctd is not more distracted than viynhwcis
cjueaippp misses their stop while wistgpvx does not, so wistgpvx is not more distracted than cjueaippp
bgudumm misses their stop while gmwcdepwofjd does not, so gmwcdepwofjd is not more distracted than bgudumm
nsxatreurgv misses their stop while fstr does not, so fstr is not more distracted than nsxatreurgv
gauxjhizc misses their stop while layxchjtadly does not, so layxchjtadly is not more distracted than gauxjhizc
vxfjx puts it up for sale while mxq does not, so vxfjx is more clever than mxq
cim puts it up for sale while rpdoxss does not, so cim is more clever than rpdoxss
ppckxqig puts it up for sale while yqkztpcddph does not, so ppckxqig is more clever than yqkztpcddph
qfrgctnjux puts it up for sale while hdmrdge does not, so qfrgctnjux is more clever than hdmrdge
wvptrmp puts it up for sale while jryvpdgmd does not, so wvptrmp is more clever than jryvpdgmd
vxfjx puts it up for sale while mxq does not, so mxq is less clever than vxfjx
cim puts it up for sale while rpdoxss does not, so rpdoxss is less clever than cim
ppckxqig puts it up for sale while yqkztpcddph does not, so yqkztpcddph is less clever than ppckxqig
qfrgctnjux puts it up for sale while hdmrdge does not, so hdmrdge is less clever than qfrgctnjux
wvptrmp puts it up for sale while jryvpdgmd does not, so jryvpdgmd is less clever than wvptrmp
qlwnl puts it up for sale while arbdjy does not, so qlwnl is not less clever than arbdjy
xhmevprwzej puts it up for sale while nyqrgiri does not, so xhmevprwzej is not less clever than nyqrgiri
volmxnibt puts it up for sale while qmvdhq does not, so volmxnibt is not less clever than qmvdhq
zjxgqkef puts it up for sale while gncb does not, so zjxgqkef is not less clever than gncb
gdi puts it up for sale while mbecabm does not, so gdi is not less clever than mbecabm
arbdjy puts it up for sale while qlwnl does not, so qlwnl is not more clever than arbdjy
nyqrgiri puts it up for sale while xhmevprwzej does not, so xhmevprwzej is not more clever than nyqrgiri
qmvdhq puts it up for sale while volmxnibt does not, so volmxnibt is not more clever than qmvdhq
gncb puts it up for sale while zjxgqkef does not, so zjxgqkef is not more clever than gncb
mbecabm puts it up for sale while gdi does not, so gdi is not more clever than mbecabm
hztvapf makes a difference while bpkpfwar does not, so hztvapf is more supportive than bpkpfwar
ktsih makes a difference while bqrl does not, so ktsih is more supportive than bqrl
iodnypphirv makes a difference while fsyclabnvs does not, so iodnypphirv is more supportive than fsyclabnvs
huui makes a difference while kuytrtrosc does not, so huui is more supportive than kuytrtrosc
tbnbdbqod makes a difference while hylis does not, so tbnbdbqod is more supportive than hylis
hztvapf makes a difference while bpkpfwar does not, so bpkpfwar is less supportive than hztvapf
ktsih makes a difference while bqrl does not, so bqrl is less supportive than ktsih
iodnypphirv makes a difference while fsyclabnvs does not, so fsyclabnvs is less supportive than iodnypphirv
huui makes a difference while kuytrtrosc does not, so kuytrtrosc is less supportive than huui
tbnbdbqod makes a difference while hylis does not, so hylis is less supportive than tbnbdbqod
xsgayvwr makes a difference while oyqixecl does not, so xsgayvwr is not less supportive than oyqixecl
tpfqttr makes a difference while vfilpihhnj does not, so tpfqttr is not less supportive than vfilpihhnj
cnavhybci makes a difference while vccovkifhsp does not, so cnavhybci is not less supportive than vccovkifhsp
audjmt makes a difference while gkwcpqw does not, so audjmt is not less supportive than gkwcpqw
qly makes a difference while hfe does not, so qly is not less supportive than hfe
oyqixecl makes a difference while xsgayvwr does not, so xsgayvwr is not more supportive than oyqixecl
vfilpihhnj makes a difference while tpfqttr does not, so tpfqttr is not more supportive than vfilpihhnj
vccovkifhsp makes a difference while cnavhybci does not, so cnavhybci is not more supportive than vccovkifhsp
gkwcpqw makes a difference while audjmt does not, so audjmt is not more supportive than gkwcpqw
hfe makes a difference while qly does not, so qly is not more supportive than hfe
rcjet works the other day while mjgwtl does not, so rcjet is more hardworking than mjgwtl
sztzbimfw works the other day while wor does not, so sztzbimfw is more hardworking than wor
sfjbwxt works the other day while wnl does not, so sfjbwxt is more hardworking than wnl
jecoy works the other day while hglrfscnkb does not, so jecoy is more hardworking than hglrfscnkb
solwk works the other day while aadwziholu does not, so solwk is more hardworking than aadwziholu
rcjet works the other day while mjgwtl does not, so mjgwtl is less hardworking than rcjet
sztzbimfw works the other day while wor does not, so wor is less hardworking than sztzbimfw
sfjbwxt works the other day while wnl does not, so wnl is less hardworking than sfjbwxt
jecoy works the other day while hglrfscnkb does not, so hglrfscnkb is less hardworking than jecoy
solwk works the other day while aadwziholu does not, so aadwziholu is less hardworking than solwk
zotekt works the other day while ozuzixlrwt does not, so zotekt is not less hardworking than ozuzixlrwt
bcyfbczw works the other day while damficp does not, so bcyfbczw is not less hardworking than damficp
mfalgbquwwn works the other day while zviiubdlpy does not, so mfalgbquwwn is not less hardworking than zviiubdlpy
gutbcokllx works the other day while gmntjjyxw does not, so gutbcokllx is not less hardworking than gmntjjyxw
usexbce works the other day while aevvzsxiazi does not, so usexbce is not less hardworking than aevvzsxiazi
ozuzixlrwt works the other day while zotekt does not, so zotekt is not more hardworking than ozuzixlrwt
damficp works the other day while bcyfbczw does not, so bcyfbczw is not more hardworking than damficp
zviiubdlpy works the other day while mfalgbquwwn does not, so mfalgbquwwn is not more hardworking than zviiubdlpy
gmntjjyxw works the other day while gutbcokllx does not, so gutbcokllx is not more hardworking than gmntjjyxw
aevvzsxiazi works the other day while usexbce does not, so usexbce is not more hardworking than aevvzsxiazi
fjantuuacvmo becomes a police officer while znvx does not, so fjantuuacvmo is more brave than znvx
vtabxyhvorp becomes a police officer while fdnp does not, so vtabxyhvorp is more brave than fdnp
nycqihzgpegw becomes a police officer while nqzhj does not, so nycqihzgpegw is more brave than nqzhj
zqweyfvd becomes a police officer while wiwaoyjceh does not, so zqweyfvd is more brave than wiwaoyjceh
kpjkudjvd becomes a police officer while idbclk does not, so kpjkudjvd is more brave than idbclk
fjantuuacvmo becomes a police officer while znvx does not, so znvx is less brave than fjantuuacvmo
vtabxyhvorp becomes a police officer while fdnp does not, so fdnp is less brave than vtabxyhvorp
nycqihzgpegw becomes a police officer while nqzhj does not, so nqzhj is less brave than nycqihzgpegw
zqweyfvd becomes a police officer while wiwaoyjceh does not, so wiwaoyjceh is less brave than zqweyfvd
kpjkudjvd becomes a police officer while idbclk does not, so idbclk is less brave than kpjkudjvd
jpotrh becomes a police officer while xgrhs does not, so jpotrh is not less brave than xgrhs
ofooqkkpvwe becomes a police officer while sxz does not, so ofooqkkpvwe is not less brave than sxz
ugx becomes a police officer while vkn does not, so ugx is not less brave than vkn
vrbana becomes a police officer while kwsvknkyxomp does not, so vrbana is not less brave than kwsvknkyxomp
isavufanhpz becomes a police officer while pvsicdd does not, so isavufanhpz is not less brave than pvsicdd
xgrhs becomes a police officer while jpotrh does not, so jpotrh is not more brave than xgrhs
sxz becomes a police officer while ofooqkkpvwe does not, so ofooqkkpvwe is not more brave than sxz
vkn becomes a police officer while ugx does not, so ugx is not more brave than vkn
kwsvknkyxomp becomes a police officer while vrbana does not, so vrbana is not more brave than kwsvknkyxomp
pvsicdd becomes a police officer while isavufanhpz does not, so isavufanhpz is not more brave than pvsicdd
cyrn tells tales while nvndyjfzf does not, so cyrn is more friendly than nvndyjfzf
hplkn tells tales while pddczsj does not, so hplkn is more friendly than pddczsj
kyxjcqfs tells tales while ohyulxxn does not, so kyxjcqfs is more friendly than ohyulxxn
ncumdxyxus tells tales while soe does not, so ncumdxyxus is more friendly than soe
odrhar tells tales while ftbgpmjxdqqg does not, so odrhar is more friendly than ftbgpmjxdqqg
cyrn tells tales while nvndyjfzf does not, so nvndyjfzf is less friendly than cyrn
hplkn tells tales while pddczsj does not, so pddczsj is less friendly than hplkn
kyxjcqfs tells tales while ohyulxxn does not, so ohyulxxn is less friendly than kyxjcqfs
ncumdxyxus tells tales while soe does not, so soe is less friendly than ncumdxyxus
odrhar tells tales while ftbgpmjxdqqg does not, so ftbgpmjxdqqg is less friendly than odrhar
raal tells tales while ohrwfef does not, so raal is not less friendly than ohrwfef
fricc tells tales while uzsmhhju does not, so fricc is not less friendly than uzsmhhju
zwajdmmkxgr tells tales while yofsed does not, so zwajdmmkxgr is not less friendly than yofsed
iwhj tells tales while ywyapxd does not, so iwhj is not less friendly than ywyapxd
sjuy tells tales while klwbsaavar does not, so sjuy is not less friendly than klwbsaavar
ohrwfef tells tales while raal does not, so raal is not more friendly than ohrwfef
uzsmhhju tells tales while fricc does not, so fricc is not more friendly than uzsmhhju
yofsed tells tales while zwajdmmkxgr does not, so zwajdmmkxgr is not more friendly than yofsed
ywyapxd tells tales while iwhj does not, so iwhj is not more friendly than ywyapxd
klwbsaavar tells tales while sjuy does not, so sjuy is not more friendly than klwbsaavar
dcryuerqzbym can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while hmnsxkvsggl does not, so dcryuerqzbym is more clever than hmnsxkvsggl
naeqfcf can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while mgpnrtlwb does not, so naeqfcf is more clever than mgpnrtlwb
pwhlscqj can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while ammi does not, so pwhlscqj is more clever than ammi
htubbttgfrb can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while uevvfbyjihdz does not, so htubbttgfrb is more clever than uevvfbyjihdz
nfzicinzu can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while ezxhvbnmvrzi does not, so nfzicinzu is more clever than ezxhvbnmvrzi
dcryuerqzbym can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while hmnsxkvsggl is not, so hmnsxkvsggl is less clever than dcryuerqzbym
naeqfcf can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while mgpnrtlwb is not, so mgpnrtlwb is less clever than naeqfcf
pwhlscqj can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while ammi is not, so ammi is less clever than pwhlscqj
htubbttgfrb can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while uevvfbyjihdz is not, so uevvfbyjihdz is less clever than htubbttgfrb
nfzicinzu can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while ezxhvbnmvrzi is not, so ezxhvbnmvrzi is less clever than nfzicinzu
lytewfnta can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent more than hfvsbk, so lytewfnta is not less clever than hfvsbk
bgf can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent more than bijo, so bgf is not less clever than bijo
abczmttbs can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent more than woczvk, so abczmttbs is not less clever than woczvk
zvlbxlnngzc can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent more than zdvelybny, so zvlbxlnngzc is not less clever than zdvelybny
pqiojatjamv can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent more than vzig, so pqiojatjamv is not less clever than vzig
lytewfnta can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while hfvsbk cannot, so lytewfnta is not more clever than hfvsbk
bgf can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while bijo cannot, so bgf is not more clever than bijo
abczmttbs can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while woczvk cannot, so abczmttbs is not more clever than woczvk
zvlbxlnngzc can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while zdvelybny cannot, so zvlbxlnngzc is not more clever than zdvelybny
pqiojatjamv can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while vzig cannot, so pqiojatjamv is not more clever than vzig
vausamfnl wants to make more money than pgmtxw, so vausamfnl is more eager than pgmtxw
slmdf wants to make more money than sfhy, so slmdf is more eager than sfhy
hmvdumqupode wants to make more money than itxczdw, so hmvdumqupode is more eager than itxczdw
mbg wants to make more money than znau, so mbg is more eager than znau
ibqaglgwolkw wants to make more money than lbxwuvwxphs, so ibqaglgwolkw is more eager than lbxwuvwxphs
vausamfnl wants to make more money than pgmtxw, so pgmtxw is less eager than vausamfnl
slmdf wants to make more money than sfhy, so sfhy is less eager than slmdf
hmvdumqupode wants to make more money than itxczdw, so itxczdw is less eager than hmvdumqupode
mbg wants to make more money than znau, so znau is less eager than mbg
ibqaglgwolkw wants to make more money than lbxwuvwxphs, so lbxwuvwxphs is less eager than ibqaglgwolkw
qfifvsie wants to make more money than uvbcxobfhsr, so qfifvsie is not less eager than uvbcxobfhsr
ufxcroysgck wants to make more money than uwjxywfwjkqs, so ufxcroysgck is not less eager than uwjxywfwjkqs
gavqxq wants to make more money than zgln, so gavqxq is not less eager than zgln
uchkjcdj wants to make more money than xutqza, so uchkjcdj is not less eager than xutqza
fozwoeh wants to make more money than fkzwnbsrqu, so fozwoeh is not less eager than fkzwnbsrqu
uvbcxobfhsr wants to make more money than qfifvsie, so qfifvsie is not more eager than uvbcxobfhsr
uwjxywfwjkqs wants to make more money than ufxcroysgck, so ufxcroysgck is not more eager than uwjxywfwjkqs
zgln wants to make more money than gavqxq, so gavqxq is not more eager than zgln
xutqza wants to make more money than uchkjcdj, so uchkjcdj is not more eager than xutqza
fkzwnbsrqu wants to make more money than fozwoeh, so fozwoeh is not more eager than fkzwnbsrqu
kqjscbm makes another person comparison while ozhulzilta does not, so kqjscbm is more comparing than ozhulzilta
xktxwpevrtx makes another person comparison while vspqikfqchby does not, so xktxwpevrtx is more comparing than vspqikfqchby
vml makes another person comparison while tytyriaxinkh does not, so vml is more comparing than tytyriaxinkh
llbd makes another person comparison while sslpdrm does not, so llbd is more comparing than sslpdrm
kotitqwbrs makes another person comparison while hyjqfowea does not, so kotitqwbrs is more comparing than hyjqfowea
kqjscbm makes another person comparison while ozhulzilta does not, so ozhulzilta is less comparing than kqjscbm
xktxwpevrtx makes another person comparison while vspqikfqchby does not, so vspqikfqchby is less comparing than xktxwpevrtx
vml makes another person comparison while tytyriaxinkh does not, so tytyriaxinkh is less comparing than vml
llbd makes another person comparison while sslpdrm does not, so sslpdrm is less comparing than llbd
kotitqwbrs makes another person comparison while hyjqfowea does not, so hyjqfowea is less comparing than kotitqwbrs
bsnzy makes another person comparison while ukmbzaifmn does not, so bsnzy is not less comparing than ukmbzaifmn
sdxs makes another person comparison while ksklsjorvka does not, so sdxs is not less comparing than ksklsjorvka
nbijn makes another person comparison while bzbscaxq does not, so nbijn is not less comparing than bzbscaxq
mvmjsakj makes another person comparison while omvbfnl does not, so mvmjsakj is not less comparing than omvbfnl
xjsszrajrywc makes another person comparison while sszzas does not, so xjsszrajrywc is not less comparing than sszzas
ukmbzaifmn makes another person comparison while bsnzy does not, so bsnzy is not more comparing than ukmbzaifmn
ksklsjorvka makes another person comparison while sdxs does not, so sdxs is not more comparing than ksklsjorvka
bzbscaxq makes another person comparison while nbijn does not, so nbijn is not more comparing than bzbscaxq
omvbfnl makes another person comparison while mvmjsakj does not, so mvmjsakj is not more comparing than omvbfnl
sszzas makes another person comparison while xjsszrajrywc does not, so xjsszrajrywc is not more comparing than sszzas
dyebo waters the plants while vmjmglnutp does not, so dyebo is more skilled than vmjmglnutp
vgjibv waters the plants while sdzeeyz does not, so vgjibv is more skilled than sdzeeyz
sirrtydebfik waters the plants while jyavgeityvxt does not, so sirrtydebfik is more skilled than jyavgeityvxt
bnhw waters the plants while ghvgf does not, so bnhw is more skilled than ghvgf
arh waters the plants while xfywtzyf does not, so arh is more skilled than xfywtzyf
dyebo waters the plants while vmjmglnutp does not, so vmjmglnutp is less skilled than dyebo
vgjibv waters the plants while sdzeeyz does not, so sdzeeyz is less skilled than vgjibv
sirrtydebfik waters the plants while jyavgeityvxt does not, so jyavgeityvxt is less skilled than sirrtydebfik
bnhw waters the plants while ghvgf does not, so ghvgf is less skilled than bnhw
arh waters the plants while xfywtzyf does not, so xfywtzyf is less skilled than arh
qlufjjb waters the plants while kobwpc does not, so qlufjjb is not less skilled than kobwpc
vjrvgacfpre waters the plants while iznthcwchi does not, so vjrvgacfpre is not less skilled than iznthcwchi
lhfazqqmuyxy waters the plants while zum does not, so lhfazqqmuyxy is not less skilled than zum
apt waters the plants while qrgcphnf does not, so apt is not less skilled than qrgcphnf
vkdizxlzv waters the plants while yrsa does not, so vkdizxlzv is not less skilled than yrsa
kobwpc waters the plants while qlufjjb does not, so qlufjjb is not more skilled than kobwpc
iznthcwchi waters the plants while vjrvgacfpre does not, so vjrvgacfpre is not more skilled than iznthcwchi
zum waters the plants while lhfazqqmuyxy does not, so lhfazqqmuyxy is not more skilled than zum
qrgcphnf waters the plants while apt does not, so apt is not more skilled than qrgcphnf
yrsa waters the plants while vkdizxlzv does not, so vkdizxlzv is not more skilled than yrsa
kwseihtglqvp surfs the web while omcuwujaj does not, so kwseihtglqvp is more bored than omcuwujaj
smcsxjyt surfs the web while xnob does not, so smcsxjyt is more bored than xnob
qqadyfdcf surfs the web while psjncvca does not, so qqadyfdcf is more bored than psjncvca
ekz surfs the web while yacyaasqka does not, so ekz is more bored than yacyaasqka
suslgqrqp surfs the web while vyrvpaxlajys does not, so suslgqrqp is more bored than vyrvpaxlajys
kwseihtglqvp surfs the web while omcuwujaj does not, so omcuwujaj is less bored than kwseihtglqvp
smcsxjyt surfs the web while xnob does not, so xnob is less bored than smcsxjyt
qqadyfdcf surfs the web while psjncvca does not, so psjncvca is less bored than qqadyfdcf
ekz surfs the web while yacyaasqka does not, so yacyaasqka is less bored than ekz
suslgqrqp surfs the web while vyrvpaxlajys does not, so vyrvpaxlajys is less bored than suslgqrqp
vdr surfs the web while ctetw does not, so vdr is not less bored than ctetw
ewc surfs the web while nxtaq does not, so ewc is not less bored than nxtaq
hvcfzxqyedl surfs the web while ongozkjvggi does not, so hvcfzxqyedl is not less bored than ongozkjvggi
gxfokzyv surfs the web while mwpwyo does not, so gxfokzyv is not less bored than mwpwyo
ziry surfs the web while zqywylh does not, so ziry is not less bored than zqywylh
ctetw surfs the web while vdr does not, so vdr is not more bored than ctetw
nxtaq surfs the web while ewc does not, so ewc is not more bored than nxtaq
ongozkjvggi surfs the web while hvcfzxqyedl does not, so hvcfzxqyedl is not more bored than ongozkjvggi
mwpwyo surfs the web while gxfokzyv does not, so gxfokzyv is not more bored than mwpwyo
zqywylh surfs the web while ziry does not, so ziry is not more bored than zqywylh
gthqqr sends another person a text message while kwqg does not, so gthqqr is more helpful than kwqg
chsmmmhcej sends another person a text message while anqiwxgq does not, so chsmmmhcej is more helpful than anqiwxgq
lropapwgnhzb sends another person a text message while baqqnks does not, so lropapwgnhzb is more helpful than baqqnks
sxvrnzihcxa sends another person a text message while iozzzig does not, so sxvrnzihcxa is more helpful than iozzzig
gbk sends another person a text message while hjgttxoh does not, so gbk is more helpful than hjgttxoh
gthqqr sends another person a text message while kwqg does not, so kwqg is less helpful than gthqqr
chsmmmhcej sends another person a text message while anqiwxgq does not, so anqiwxgq is less helpful than chsmmmhcej
lropapwgnhzb sends another person a text message while baqqnks does not, so baqqnks is less helpful than lropapwgnhzb
sxvrnzihcxa sends another person a text message while iozzzig does not, so iozzzig is less helpful than sxvrnzihcxa
gbk sends another person a text message while hjgttxoh does not, so hjgttxoh is less helpful than gbk
bvrfv sends another person a text message while xzi does not, so bvrfv is not less helpful than xzi
aqmdladtg sends another person a text message while cqtpnkxk does not, so aqmdladtg is not less helpful than cqtpnkxk
criphqbfud sends another person a text message while qvxcwfe does not, so criphqbfud is not less helpful than qvxcwfe
tdu sends another person a text message while kje does not, so tdu is not less helpful than kje
pcpzhbr sends another person a text message while wqseilios does not, so pcpzhbr is not less helpful than wqseilios
xzi sends another person a text message while bvrfv does not, so bvrfv is not more helpful than xzi
cqtpnkxk sends another person a text message while aqmdladtg does not, so aqmdladtg is not more helpful than cqtpnkxk
qvxcwfe sends another person a text message while criphqbfud does not, so criphqbfud is not more helpful than qvxcwfe
kje sends another person a text message while tdu does not, so tdu is not more helpful than kje
wqseilios sends another person a text message while pcpzhbr does not, so pcpzhbr is not more helpful than wqseilios
ccxcnfnynzj learns to play the trumpet while vfzbaxbvtwai does not, so ccxcnfnynzj is more educated than vfzbaxbvtwai
kysfilv learns to play the trumpet while vqajdoys does not, so kysfilv is more educated than vqajdoys
stykrnvkm learns to play the trumpet while vnklzb does not, so stykrnvkm is more educated than vnklzb
alohqhh learns to play the trumpet while ptalozkdafzv does not, so alohqhh is more educated than ptalozkdafzv
dqnmv learns to play the trumpet while zmxzc does not, so dqnmv is more educated than zmxzc
ccxcnfnynzj learns to play the trumpet while vfzbaxbvtwai does not, so vfzbaxbvtwai is less educated than ccxcnfnynzj
kysfilv learns to play the trumpet while vqajdoys does not, so vqajdoys is less educated than kysfilv
stykrnvkm learns to play the trumpet while vnklzb does not, so vnklzb is less educated than stykrnvkm
alohqhh learns to play the trumpet while ptalozkdafzv does not, so ptalozkdafzv is less educated than alohqhh
dqnmv learns to play the trumpet while zmxzc does not, so zmxzc is less educated than dqnmv
tptntmdqch learns to play the trumpet while cgapyft does not, so tptntmdqch is not less educated than cgapyft
vehmrgiyux learns to play the trumpet while slxfbfjta does not, so vehmrgiyux is not less educated than slxfbfjta
bacaf learns to play the trumpet while qalo does not, so bacaf is not less educated than qalo
bkdnwbgcmk learns to play the trumpet while qrqgjfkeidh does not, so bkdnwbgcmk is not less educated than qrqgjfkeidh
fmermtcaz learns to play the trumpet while slreefv does not, so fmermtcaz is not less educated than slreefv
cgapyft learns to play the trumpet while tptntmdqch does not, so tptntmdqch is not more educated than cgapyft
slxfbfjta learns to play the trumpet while vehmrgiyux does not, so vehmrgiyux is not more educated than slxfbfjta
qalo learns to play the trumpet while bacaf does not, so bacaf is not more educated than qalo
qrqgjfkeidh learns to play the trumpet while bkdnwbgcmk does not, so bkdnwbgcmk is not more educated than qrqgjfkeidh
slreefv learns to play the trumpet while fmermtcaz does not, so fmermtcaz is not more educated than slreefv
pfamkmqp gives another person analysis while gpe does not, so pfamkmqp is less authoritative than gpe
ykofxsdxhza gives another person analysis while ploba does not, so ykofxsdxhza is less authoritative than ploba
mrpiotevrcao gives another person analysis while pofr does not, so mrpiotevrcao is less authoritative than pofr
icojrvdj gives another person analysis while jxbejec does not, so icojrvdj is less authoritative than jxbejec
ncbb gives another person analysis while irza does not, so ncbb is less authoritative than irza
pfamkmqp gives another person analysis while gpe does not, so gpe is less authoritative than pfamkmqp
ykofxsdxhza gives another person analysis while ploba does not, so ploba is less authoritative than ykofxsdxhza
mrpiotevrcao gives another person analysis while pofr does not, so pofr is less authoritative than mrpiotevrcao
icojrvdj gives another person analysis while jxbejec does not, so jxbejec is less authoritative than icojrvdj
ncbb gives another person analysis while irza does not, so irza is less authoritative than ncbb
fbyvpi gives another person analysis while pjpg does not, so fbyvpi is not less authoritative than pjpg
ulwkwj gives another person analysis while prrjgr does not, so ulwkwj is not less authoritative than prrjgr
kyxnqdlqvda gives another person analysis while rqt does not, so kyxnqdlqvda is not less authoritative than rqt
jribh gives another person analysis while slxplyodsrin does not, so jribh is not less authoritative than slxplyodsrin
auapuhck gives another person analysis while fgilv does not, so auapuhck is not less authoritative than fgilv
pjpg gives another person analysis while fbyvpi does not, so fbyvpi is not more authoritative than pjpg
prrjgr gives another person analysis while ulwkwj does not, so ulwkwj is not more authoritative than prrjgr
rqt gives another person analysis while kyxnqdlqvda does not, so kyxnqdlqvda is not more authoritative than rqt
slxplyodsrin gives another person analysis while jribh does not, so jribh is not more authoritative than slxplyodsrin
fgilv gives another person analysis while auapuhck does not, so auapuhck is not more authoritative than fgilv
jmisaxs lives another person's life while qoqbsuvhxc does not, so jmisaxs is more understanding than qoqbsuvhxc
bsxz lives another person's life while kjkxb does not, so bsxz is more understanding than kjkxb
fqvg lives another person's life while jlvep does not, so fqvg is more understanding than jlvep
xtbznhmw lives another person's life while mhplsgyvbod does not, so xtbznhmw is more understanding than mhplsgyvbod
drbnbpitaxf lives another person's life while elixocqdrbtz does not, so drbnbpitaxf is more understanding than elixocqdrbtz
jmisaxs lives another person's life while qoqbsuvhxc does not, so qoqbsuvhxc is less understanding than jmisaxs
bsxz lives another person's life while kjkxb does not, so kjkxb is less understanding than bsxz
fqvg lives another person's life while jlvep does not, so jlvep is less understanding than fqvg
xtbznhmw lives another person's life while mhplsgyvbod does not, so mhplsgyvbod is less understanding than xtbznhmw
drbnbpitaxf lives another person's life while elixocqdrbtz does not, so elixocqdrbtz is less understanding than drbnbpitaxf
pwavcmo lives another person's life while rtzfr does not, so pwavcmo is not less understanding than rtzfr
gmkkxv lives another person's life while egodwv does not, so gmkkxv is not less understanding than egodwv
sgnomeq lives another person's life while rvnm does not, so sgnomeq is not less understanding than rvnm
raohoiayfq lives another person's life while zgerdxvanyg does not, so raohoiayfq is not less understanding than zgerdxvanyg
sblepl lives another person's life while dzbik does not, so sblepl is not less understanding than dzbik
rtzfr lives another person's life while pwavcmo does not, so pwavcmo is not more understanding than rtzfr
egodwv lives another person's life while gmkkxv does not, so gmkkxv is not more understanding than egodwv
rvnm lives another person's life while sgnomeq does not, so sgnomeq is not more understanding than rvnm
zgerdxvanyg lives another person's life while raohoiayfq does not, so raohoiayfq is not more understanding than zgerdxvanyg
dzbik lives another person's life while sblepl does not, so sblepl is not more understanding than dzbik
jqeqgdz meets a girl while bbps does not, so jqeqgdz is more appealing than bbps
zsaginkusp meets a girl while kijpwyni does not, so zsaginkusp is more appealing than kijpwyni
gchulzg meets a girl while dmtql does not, so gchulzg is more appealing than dmtql
ppxocadgam meets a girl while faja does not, so ppxocadgam is more appealing than faja
esk meets a girl while qzatr does not, so esk is more appealing than qzatr
jqeqgdz meets a girl while bbps does not, so bbps is less appealing than jqeqgdz
zsaginkusp meets a girl while kijpwyni does not, so kijpwyni is less appealing than zsaginkusp
gchulzg meets a girl while dmtql does not, so dmtql is less appealing than gchulzg
ppxocadgam meets a girl while faja does not, so faja is less appealing than ppxocadgam
esk meets a girl while qzatr does not, so qzatr is less appealing than esk
djvbyfyxt meets a girl while yxw does not, so djvbyfyxt is not more appealing than yxw
drgp meets a girl while mhgklsmah does not, so drgp is not more appealing than mhgklsmah
jzjijvzk meets a girl while nxtzubvbd does not, so jzjijvzk is not more appealing than nxtzubvbd
fxvqa meets a girl while gxutggi does not, so fxvqa is not more appealing than gxutggi
gajtkw meets a girl while ywrwyff does not, so gajtkw is not more appealing than ywrwyff
yxw meets a girl while djvbyfyxt does not, so djvbyfyxt is not more appealing than yxw
mhgklsmah meets a girl while drgp does not, so drgp is not more appealing than mhgklsmah
nxtzubvbd meets a girl while jzjijvzk does not, so jzjijvzk is not more appealing than nxtzubvbd
gxutggi meets a girl while fxvqa does not, so fxvqa is not more appealing than gxutggi
ywrwyff meets a girl while gajtkw does not, so gajtkw is not more appealing than ywrwyff
adwbfcojhd gives another person a share while hblnvqgigjrh does not, so adwbfcojhd is more considerate than hblnvqgigjrh
vexqcbe gives another person a share while ttmammh does not, so vexqcbe is more considerate than ttmammh
mpc gives another person a share while ojq does not, so mpc is more considerate than ojq
exi gives another person a share while mhs does not, so exi is more considerate than mhs
bqcezepu gives another person a share while ehcfpgyif does not, so bqcezepu is more considerate than ehcfpgyif
adwbfcojhd gives another person a share while hblnvqgigjrh does not, so hblnvqgigjrh is less considerate than adwbfcojhd
vexqcbe gives another person a share while ttmammh does not, so ttmammh is less considerate than vexqcbe
mpc gives another person a share while ojq does not, so ojq is less considerate than mpc
exi gives another person a share while mhs does not, so mhs is less considerate than exi
bqcezepu gives another person a share while ehcfpgyif does not, so ehcfpgyif is less considerate than bqcezepu
uofbirmxrhod gives another person a share while jycun does not, so uofbirmxrhod is not less considerate than jycun
drnzevbiduf gives another person a share while espcxvpu does not, so drnzevbiduf is not less considerate than espcxvpu
nnlrfvoe gives another person a share while aah does not, so nnlrfvoe is not less considerate than aah
krago gives another person a share while keghdqieaq does not, so krago is not less considerate than keghdqieaq
uuvhbqffnmb gives another person a share while oekfs does not, so uuvhbqffnmb is not less considerate than oekfs
jycun gives another person a share while uofbirmxrhod does not, so uofbirmxrhod is not more considerate than jycun
espcxvpu gives another person a share while drnzevbiduf does not, so drnzevbiduf is not more considerate than espcxvpu
aah gives another person a share while nnlrfvoe does not, so nnlrfvoe is not more considerate than aah
keghdqieaq gives another person a share while krago does not, so krago is not more considerate than keghdqieaq
oekfs gives another person a share while uuvhbqffnmb does not, so uuvhbqffnmb is not more considerate than oekfs
ylui puts their foot down on opzosj while opzosj does not, so ylui is more angry than opzosj
qtqnwhfz puts their foot down on utbozankhbgi while utbozankhbgi does not, so qtqnwhfz is more angry than utbozankhbgi
dqwxz puts their foot down on hjneiofp while hjneiofp does not, so dqwxz is more angry than hjneiofp
ggtndipok puts their foot down on zpwqs while zpwqs does not, so ggtndipok is more angry than zpwqs
ajmelgezbk puts their foot down on fnctvxlmkv while fnctvxlmkv does not, so ajmelgezbk is more angry than fnctvxlmkv
ylui puts their foot down on opzosj while opzosj does not, so opzosj is less angry than ylui
qtqnwhfz puts their foot down on utbozankhbgi while utbozankhbgi does not, so utbozankhbgi is less angry than qtqnwhfz
dqwxz puts their foot down on hjneiofp while hjneiofp does not, so hjneiofp is less angry than dqwxz
ggtndipok puts their foot down on zpwqs while zpwqs does not, so zpwqs is less angry than ggtndipok
ajmelgezbk puts their foot down on fnctvxlmkv while fnctvxlmkv does not, so fnctvxlmkv is less angry than ajmelgezbk
jwdwykgckg puts their foot down on rhuw while rhuw does not, so jwdwykgckg is not more angry than rhuw
ydswkhy puts their foot down on yezooyzvipu while yezooyzvipu does not, so ydswkhy is not more angry than yezooyzvipu
jpvodv puts their foot down on jrueepixcawq while jrueepixcawq does not, so jpvodv is not more angry than jrueepixcawq
qtnefikyfjc puts their foot down on iyexosac while iyexosac does not, so qtnefikyfjc is not more angry than iyexosac
ccvjgbdh puts their foot down on domeeevytgv while domeeevytgv does not, so ccvjgbdh is not more angry than domeeevytgv
rhuw puts their foot down on jwdwykgckg while jwdwykgckg does not, so jwdwykgckg is not more angry than rhuw
yezooyzvipu puts their foot down on ydswkhy while ydswkhy does not, so ydswkhy is not more angry than yezooyzvipu
jrueepixcawq puts their foot down on jpvodv while jpvodv does not, so jpvodv is not more angry than jrueepixcawq
iyexosac puts their foot down on qtnefikyfjc while qtnefikyfjc does not, so qtnefikyfjc is not more angry than iyexosac
domeeevytgv puts their foot down on ccvjgbdh while ccvjgbdh does not, so ccvjgbdh is not more angry than domeeevytgv
cjswf also gave another person more than kvvemgedbsg, so cjswf is more of a giver than kvvemgedbsg
zjmp also gave another person more than wcwspzfdz, so zjmp is more of a giver than wcwspzfdz
besvnznhszb also gave another person more than lirvjhphg, so besvnznhszb is more of a giver than lirvjhphg
qtiqulrzypyj also gave another person more than xhm, so qtiqulrzypyj is more of a giver than xhm
kaykpxnip also gave another person more than fhnqyzsjzs, so kaykpxnip is more of a giver than fhnqyzsjzs
cjswf also gave another person more than kvvemgedbsg, so kvvemgedbsg is a less giver than cjswf
zjmp also gave another person more than wcwspzfdz, so wcwspzfdz is a less giver than zjmp
besvnznhszb also gave another person more than lirvjhphg, so lirvjhphg is a less giver than besvnznhszb
qtiqulrzypyj also gave another person more than xhm, so xhm is a less giver than qtiqulrzypyj
kaykpxnip also gave another person more than fhnqyzsjzs, so fhnqyzsjzs is a less giver than kaykpxnip
dzjqswmqdbm also gave another person more than bvcaze, so dzjqswmqdbm is not less of a giver than bvcaze
ffj also gave another person more than jknlwumvu, so ffj is not less of a giver than jknlwumvu
rgefbx also gave another person more than cxbqonrtxqb, so rgefbx is not less of a giver than cxbqonrtxqb
gxlwet also gave another person more than woxor, so gxlwet is not less of a giver than woxor
culzfzwjqnhb also gave another person more than txfhxbxhbny, so culzfzwjqnhb is not less of a giver than txfhxbxhbny
bvcaze also gave another person more than dzjqswmqdbm, so dzjqswmqdbm is not more giver than bvcaze
jknlwumvu also gave another person more than ffj, so ffj is not more giver than jknlwumvu
cxbqonrtxqb also gave another person more than rgefbx, so rgefbx is not more giver than cxbqonrtxqb
woxor also gave another person more than gxlwet, so gxlwet is not more giver than woxor
txfhxbxhbny also gave another person more than culzfzwjqnhb, so culzfzwjqnhb is not more giver than txfhxbxhbny
obqbc offers help while ygollggugl does not, so obqbc is more selfless than ygollggugl
ssr offers help while ptffqdtpr does not, so ssr is more selfless than ptffqdtpr
krzckx offers help while ygwwwuyjehi does not, so krzckx is more selfless than ygwwwuyjehi
nulxkdvh offers help while zrioy does not, so nulxkdvh is more selfless than zrioy
vbuuse offers help while jfukaybrzcrn does not, so vbuuse is more selfless than jfukaybrzcrn
obqbc offers help while ygollggugl does not, so ygollggugl is less selfless than obqbc
ssr offers help while ptffqdtpr does not, so ptffqdtpr is less selfless than ssr
krzckx offers help while ygwwwuyjehi does not, so ygwwwuyjehi is less selfless than krzckx
nulxkdvh offers help while zrioy does not, so zrioy is less selfless than nulxkdvh
vbuuse offers help while jfukaybrzcrn does not, so jfukaybrzcrn is less selfless than vbuuse
mpiwpad offers help while dselcpjlw does not, so mpiwpad is not less selfless than dselcpjlw
zmce offers help while stupsaj does not, so zmce is not less selfless than stupsaj
mmyqyrapp offers help while dccpxvworbnz does not, so mmyqyrapp is not less selfless than dccpxvworbnz
ydyihimdmwyd offers help while gaajtrmcpl does not, so ydyihimdmwyd is not less selfless than gaajtrmcpl
zvz offers help while htighmg does not, so zvz is not less selfless than htighmg
dselcpjlw offers help while mpiwpad does not, so mpiwpad is not more selfless than dselcpjlw
stupsaj offers help while zmce does not, so zmce is not more selfless than stupsaj
dccpxvworbnz offers help while mmyqyrapp does not, so mmyqyrapp is not more selfless than dccpxvworbnz
gaajtrmcpl offers help while ydyihimdmwyd does not, so ydyihimdmwyd is not more selfless than gaajtrmcpl
htighmg offers help while zvz does not, so zvz is not more selfless than htighmg
nqgmdnxlf tells their brother while cirpfkay does not, so nqgmdnxlf is more gregarious than cirpfkay
uynalorsi tells their brother while xketrw does not, so uynalorsi is more gregarious than xketrw
thaqchdacemz tells their brother while xfrji does not, so thaqchdacemz is more gregarious than xfrji
yoi tells their brother while veppytnboo does not, so yoi is more gregarious than veppytnboo
edpn tells their brother while kjmbwucaf does not, so edpn is more gregarious than kjmbwucaf
nqgmdnxlf tells their brother while cirpfkay does not, so cirpfkay is less gregarious than nqgmdnxlf
uynalorsi tells their brother while xketrw does not, so xketrw is less gregarious than uynalorsi
thaqchdacemz tells their brother while xfrji does not, so xfrji is less gregarious than thaqchdacemz
yoi tells their brother while veppytnboo does not, so veppytnboo is less gregarious than yoi
edpn tells their brother while kjmbwucaf does not, so kjmbwucaf is less gregarious than edpn
lmh tells their brother while gphrypfmrs does not, so lmh is not less gregarious than gphrypfmrs
whhdoi tells their brother while wkjhzzjyuy does not, so whhdoi is not less gregarious than wkjhzzjyuy
jpprhba tells their brother while kvnhtse does not, so jpprhba is not less gregarious than kvnhtse
oqigjhuznvbd tells their brother while sbdhwmvmqv does not, so oqigjhuznvbd is not less gregarious than sbdhwmvmqv
jxsw tells their brother while ytjbjsoph does not, so jxsw is not less gregarious than ytjbjsoph
gphrypfmrs tells their brother while lmh does not, so lmh is not more gregarious than gphrypfmrs
wkjhzzjyuy tells their brother while whhdoi does not, so whhdoi is not more gregarious than wkjhzzjyuy
kvnhtse tells their brother while jpprhba does not, so jpprhba is not more gregarious than kvnhtse
sbdhwmvmqv tells their brother while oqigjhuznvbd does not, so oqigjhuznvbd is not more gregarious than sbdhwmvmqv
ytjbjsoph tells their brother while jxsw does not, so jxsw is not more gregarious than ytjbjsoph
nxqzmxoox buys some stock while vnqeoytxwkhg does not, so nxqzmxoox is more dynamic than vnqeoytxwkhg
kvjhm buys some stock while nphl does not, so kvjhm is more dynamic than nphl
sxk buys some stock while yslfuomulwai does not, so sxk is more dynamic than yslfuomulwai
dvgkugw buys some stock while ooh does not, so dvgkugw is more dynamic than ooh
tbudd buys some stock while hwtii does not, so tbudd is more dynamic than hwtii
nxqzmxoox buys some stock while vnqeoytxwkhg does not, so vnqeoytxwkhg is less dynamic than nxqzmxoox
kvjhm buys some stock while nphl does not, so nphl is less dynamic than kvjhm
sxk buys some stock while yslfuomulwai does not, so yslfuomulwai is less dynamic than sxk
dvgkugw buys some stock while ooh does not, so ooh is less dynamic than dvgkugw
tbudd buys some stock while hwtii does not, so hwtii is less dynamic than tbudd
yyppfcq buys some stock while pbfzjxvdl does not, so yyppfcq is not less dynamic than pbfzjxvdl
sajtchuaa buys some stock while aiuwsjtjsa does not, so sajtchuaa is not less dynamic than aiuwsjtjsa
bgdkufedpsxl buys some stock while eitpd does not, so bgdkufedpsxl is not less dynamic than eitpd
calxb buys some stock while elbhembvjk does not, so calxb is not less dynamic than elbhembvjk
sjwbbeguiobg buys some stock while kdwlmygqx does not, so sjwbbeguiobg is not less dynamic than kdwlmygqx
pbfzjxvdl buys some stock while yyppfcq does not, so yyppfcq is not more dynamic than pbfzjxvdl
aiuwsjtjsa buys some stock while sajtchuaa does not, so sajtchuaa is not more dynamic than aiuwsjtjsa
eitpd buys some stock while bgdkufedpsxl does not, so bgdkufedpsxl is not more dynamic than eitpd
elbhembvjk buys some stock while calxb does not, so calxb is not more dynamic than elbhembvjk
kdwlmygqx buys some stock while sjwbbeguiobg does not, so sjwbbeguiobg is not more dynamic than kdwlmygqx
rdhtkmxrmdi makes millions while uvrxn does not, so rdhtkmxrmdi is more rich than uvrxn
syirybsozz makes millions while xrdfmmru does not, so syirybsozz is more rich than xrdfmmru
cwbefgvb makes millions while mqzv does not, so cwbefgvb is more rich than mqzv
qmwvs makes millions while gpiwkgiptdnn does not, so qmwvs is more rich than gpiwkgiptdnn
kebyibfa makes millions while enm does not, so kebyibfa is more rich than enm
rdhtkmxrmdi makes millions while uvrxn does not, so uvrxn is less rich than rdhtkmxrmdi
syirybsozz makes millions while xrdfmmru does not, so xrdfmmru is less rich than syirybsozz
cwbefgvb makes millions while mqzv does not, so mqzv is less rich than cwbefgvb
qmwvs makes millions while gpiwkgiptdnn does not, so gpiwkgiptdnn is less rich than qmwvs
kebyibfa makes millions while enm does not, so enm is less rich than kebyibfa
xszo makes millions while obugup does not, so xszo is not less rich than obugup
sucgr makes millions while xxisunrmdkyo does not, so sucgr is not less rich than xxisunrmdkyo
mervkeyzn makes millions while hqafpiovk does not, so mervkeyzn is not less rich than hqafpiovk
odxqgcch makes millions while cehl does not, so odxqgcch is not less rich than cehl
gtv makes millions while ihya does not, so gtv is not less rich than ihya
obugup makes millions while xszo does not, so xszo is not more rich than obugup
xxisunrmdkyo makes millions while sucgr does not, so sucgr is not more rich than xxisunrmdkyo
hqafpiovk makes millions while mervkeyzn does not, so mervkeyzn is not more rich than hqafpiovk
cehl makes millions while odxqgcch does not, so odxqgcch is not more rich than cehl
ihya makes millions while gtv does not, so gtv is not more rich than ihya
aqsimmywhhxi accomplishes their purpose while bcbo does not, so aqsimmywhhxi is more ambitious than bcbo
loq accomplishes their purpose while ahw does not, so loq is more ambitious than ahw
smofzflgc accomplishes their purpose while jsp does not, so smofzflgc is more ambitious than jsp
ghby accomplishes their purpose while rstd does not, so ghby is more ambitious than rstd
ndb accomplishes their purpose while bxxiy does not, so ndb is more ambitious than bxxiy
aqsimmywhhxi accomplishes their purpose while bcbo does not, so bcbo is less ambitious than aqsimmywhhxi
loq accomplishes their purpose while ahw does not, so ahw is less ambitious than loq
smofzflgc accomplishes their purpose while jsp does not, so jsp is less ambitious than smofzflgc
ghby accomplishes their purpose while rstd does not, so rstd is less ambitious than ghby
ndb accomplishes their purpose while bxxiy does not, so bxxiy is less ambitious than ndb
plamymrrzac accomplishes their purpose while qncalgzb does not, so plamymrrzac is not less ambitious than qncalgzb
snwbwu accomplishes their purpose while hjqsgzwhzu does not, so snwbwu is not less ambitious than hjqsgzwhzu
tasjkdxnuqtd accomplishes their purpose while aryqx does not, so tasjkdxnuqtd is not less ambitious than aryqx
lypfdducon accomplishes their purpose while tyzrrxjvjbk does not, so lypfdducon is not less ambitious than tyzrrxjvjbk
tqt accomplishes their purpose while kei does not, so tqt is not less ambitious than kei
qncalgzb accomplishes their purpose while plamymrrzac does not, so plamymrrzac is not more ambitious than qncalgzb
hjqsgzwhzu accomplishes their purpose while snwbwu does not, so snwbwu is not more ambitious than hjqsgzwhzu
aryqx accomplishes their purpose while tasjkdxnuqtd does not, so tasjkdxnuqtd is not more ambitious than aryqx
tyzrrxjvjbk accomplishes their purpose while lypfdducon does not, so lypfdducon is not more ambitious than tyzrrxjvjbk
kei accomplishes their purpose while tqt does not, so tqt is not more ambitious than kei
dxorqza separates the wheat from the chaff while xzextdc does not, so dxorqza is less exacting than xzextdc
ehq separates the wheat from the chaff while aos does not, so ehq is less exacting than aos
fhq separates the wheat from the chaff while zzud does not, so fhq is less exacting than zzud
zhdzf separates the wheat from the chaff while ecjqoedmt does not, so zhdzf is less exacting than ecjqoedmt
ccjmk separates the wheat from the chaff while rnxn does not, so ccjmk is less exacting than rnxn
dxorqza separates the wheat from the chaff while xzextdc does not, so xzextdc is less exact than dxorqza
ehq separates the wheat from the chaff while aos does not, so aos is less exact than ehq
fhq separates the wheat from the chaff while zzud does not, so zzud is less exact than fhq
zhdzf separates the wheat from the chaff while ecjqoedmt does not, so ecjqoedmt is less exact than zhdzf
ccjmk separates the wheat from the chaff while rnxn does not, so rnxn is less exact than ccjmk
nfh separates the wheat from the chaff while nkhrfcvm does not, so nfh is not less exact than nkhrfcvm
ceye separates the wheat from the chaff while csmjiwpm does not, so ceye is not less exact than csmjiwpm
rvqa separates the wheat from the chaff while mhnklynhebv does not, so rvqa is not less exact than mhnklynhebv
rmjwatykjqe separates the wheat from the chaff while jdbpgyut does not, so rmjwatykjqe is not less exact than jdbpgyut
vwwgukjtqj separates the wheat from the chaff while kaoahkbw does not, so vwwgukjtqj is not less exact than kaoahkbw
nkhrfcvm separates the wheat from the chaff while nfh does not, so nfh is not more exact than nkhrfcvm
csmjiwpm separates the wheat from the chaff while ceye does not, so ceye is not more exact than csmjiwpm
mhnklynhebv separates the wheat from the chaff while rvqa does not, so rvqa is not more exact than mhnklynhebv
jdbpgyut separates the wheat from the chaff while rmjwatykjqe does not, so rmjwatykjqe is not more exact than jdbpgyut
kaoahkbw separates the wheat from the chaff while vwwgukjtqj does not, so vwwgukjtqj is not more exact than kaoahkbw
rvvscuddqavg attends the party while stun does not, so rvvscuddqavg is more friendly than stun
zmbyj attends the party while vouyuzz does not, so zmbyj is more friendly than vouyuzz
weyuwzfvjt attends the party while azpmtcjyjqf does not, so weyuwzfvjt is more friendly than azpmtcjyjqf
hzizimn attends the party while enfogym does not, so hzizimn is more friendly than enfogym
ufetp attends the party while sljjtrtvib does not, so ufetp is more friendly than sljjtrtvib
rvvscuddqavg attends the party while stun does not, so stun is less friendly than rvvscuddqavg
zmbyj attends the party while vouyuzz does not, so vouyuzz is less friendly than zmbyj
weyuwzfvjt attends the party while azpmtcjyjqf does not, so azpmtcjyjqf is less friendly than weyuwzfvjt
hzizimn attends the party while enfogym does not, so enfogym is less friendly than hzizimn
ufetp attends the party while sljjtrtvib does not, so sljjtrtvib is less friendly than ufetp
qomxqesrxpla attends the party while bnwi does not, so qomxqesrxpla is not less friendly than bnwi
knlmkx attends the party while uwclasfkeciq does not, so knlmkx is not less friendly than uwclasfkeciq
lktyf attends the party while azzzymsofk does not, so lktyf is not less friendly than azzzymsofk
vkbgjice attends the party while qsmfv does not, so vkbgjice is not less friendly than qsmfv
rsrpfxx attends the party while hihq does not, so rsrpfxx is not less friendly than hihq
bnwi attends the party while qomxqesrxpla does not, so qomxqesrxpla is not more friendly than bnwi
uwclasfkeciq attends the party while knlmkx does not, so knlmkx is not more friendly than uwclasfkeciq
azzzymsofk attends the party while lktyf does not, so lktyf is not more friendly than azzzymsofk
qsmfv attends the party while vkbgjice does not, so vkbgjice is not more friendly than qsmfv
hihq attends the party while rsrpfxx does not, so rsrpfxx is not more friendly than hihq
ritdeefpxi takes my dog while zam does not, so ritdeefpxi is more giving than zam
tls takes my dog while qfq does not, so tls is more giving than qfq
ikjdg takes my dog while pitbcwbnow does not, so ikjdg is more giving than pitbcwbnow
dklaws takes my dog while szx does not, so dklaws is more giving than szx
icqj takes my dog while zoqjawn does not, so icqj is more giving than zoqjawn
ritdeefpxi takes my dog while zam does not, so zam is less giving than ritdeefpxi
tls takes my dog while qfq does not, so qfq is less giving than tls
ikjdg takes my dog while pitbcwbnow does not, so pitbcwbnow is less giving than ikjdg
dklaws takes my dog while szx does not, so szx is less giving than dklaws
icqj takes my dog while zoqjawn does not, so zoqjawn is less giving than icqj
ksqrstk takes my dog while ocd does not, so ksqrstk is not more giving than ocd
pilhhlysnsjn takes my dog while ihgonewseo does not, so pilhhlysnsjn is not more giving than ihgonewseo
mqtvjyg takes my dog while flmy does not, so mqtvjyg is not more giving than flmy
hhninihlw takes my dog while fkqgkocnaiy does not, so hhninihlw is not more giving than fkqgkocnaiy
scp takes my dog while frcy does not, so scp is not more giving than frcy
ocd takes my dog while ksqrstk does not, so ksqrstk is not more giving than ocd
ihgonewseo takes my dog while pilhhlysnsjn does not, so pilhhlysnsjn is not more giving than ihgonewseo
flmy takes my dog while mqtvjyg does not, so mqtvjyg is not more giving than flmy
fkqgkocnaiy takes my dog while hhninihlw does not, so hhninihlw is not more giving than fkqgkocnaiy
frcy takes my dog while scp does not, so scp is not more giving than frcy
tbkfnvgww plays another person's role while svmbcjjkrd does not, so tbkfnvgww is more interchangeable than svmbcjjkrd
bxdoe plays another person's role while lkrt does not, so bxdoe is more interchangeable than lkrt
feidlzup plays another person's role while gwd does not, so feidlzup is more interchangeable than gwd
frfl plays another person's role while dtkc does not, so frfl is more interchangeable than dtkc
vpnkktxd plays another person's role while qjkkvjx does not, so vpnkktxd is more interchangeable than qjkkvjx
tbkfnvgww plays another person's role while svmbcjjkrd does not, so svmbcjjkrd is less interchangeable than tbkfnvgww
bxdoe plays another person's role while lkrt does not, so lkrt is less interchangeable than bxdoe
feidlzup plays another person's role while gwd does not, so gwd is less interchangeable than feidlzup
frfl plays another person's role while dtkc does not, so dtkc is less interchangeable than frfl
vpnkktxd plays another person's role while qjkkvjx does not, so qjkkvjx is less interchangeable than vpnkktxd
cgsauap plays another person's role while ypv does not, so cgsauap is not less interchangeable than ypv
yoqkpq plays another person's role while brpp does not, so yoqkpq is not less interchangeable than brpp
vsu plays another person's role while sdcnjifxg does not, so vsu is not less interchangeable than sdcnjifxg
iwrymx plays another person's role while oysoyjwsughb does not, so iwrymx is not less interchangeable than oysoyjwsughb
vxwvwxqutt plays another person's role while olsqzrwuhpe does not, so vxwvwxqutt is not less interchangeable than olsqzrwuhpe
ypv plays another person's role while cgsauap does not, so cgsauap is not more interchangeable than ypv
brpp plays another person's role while yoqkpq does not, so yoqkpq is not more interchangeable than brpp
sdcnjifxg plays another person's role while vsu does not, so vsu is not more interchangeable than sdcnjifxg
oysoyjwsughb plays another person's role while iwrymx does not, so iwrymx is not more interchangeable than oysoyjwsughb
olsqzrwuhpe plays another person's role while vxwvwxqutt does not, so vxwvwxqutt is not more interchangeable than olsqzrwuhpe
anm returns the phone while ywhpfgtafr does not, so anm is less dutiful than ywhpfgtafr
utbymie returns the phone while yiasjsup does not, so utbymie is less dutiful than yiasjsup
pkdttnmh returns the phone while uurjerfehdom does not, so pkdttnmh is less dutiful than uurjerfehdom
ejtaeapekfdo returns the phone while avh does not, so ejtaeapekfdo is less dutiful than avh
jntnq returns the phone while ldmarbzj does not, so jntnq is less dutiful than ldmarbzj
anm returns the phone while ywhpfgtafr does not, so ywhpfgtafr is less dutiful than anm
utbymie returns the phone while yiasjsup does not, so yiasjsup is less dutiful than utbymie
pkdttnmh returns the phone while uurjerfehdom does not, so uurjerfehdom is less dutiful than pkdttnmh
ejtaeapekfdo returns the phone while avh does not, so avh is less dutiful than ejtaeapekfdo
jntnq returns the phone while ldmarbzj does not, so ldmarbzj is less dutiful than jntnq
gyouy returns the phone while pdnkt does not, so gyouy is not less dutiful than pdnkt
toewv returns the phone while vsw does not, so toewv is not less dutiful than vsw
lnzovjiybem returns the phone while iyxawhpt does not, so lnzovjiybem is not less dutiful than iyxawhpt
yeelsxxd returns the phone while kqfvhl does not, so yeelsxxd is not less dutiful than kqfvhl
njb returns the phone while uyzr does not, so njb is not less dutiful than uyzr
pdnkt returns the phone while gyouy does not, so gyouy is not more dutiful than pdnkt
vsw returns the phone while toewv does not, so toewv is not more dutiful than vsw
iyxawhpt returns the phone while lnzovjiybem does not, so lnzovjiybem is not more dutiful than iyxawhpt
kqfvhl returns the phone while yeelsxxd does not, so yeelsxxd is not more dutiful than kqfvhl
uyzr returns the phone while njb does not, so njb is not more dutiful than uyzr
qrofaaseugb was immediately turned while nzmculodchf was not, so qrofaaseugb is more curious than nzmculodchf
tilg was immediately turned while npyspe was not, so tilg is more curious than npyspe
zuuswggmzp was immediately turned while hzxtrjrebl was not, so zuuswggmzp is more curious than hzxtrjrebl
pqdbgninv was immediately turned while qjztjclqhh was not, so pqdbgninv is more curious than qjztjclqhh
fzjzmo was immediately turned while axxx was not, so fzjzmo is more curious than axxx
qrofaaseugb was immediately turned while nzmculodchf was not, so nzmculodchf is less curious than qrofaaseugb
tilg was immediately turned while npyspe was not, so npyspe is less curious than tilg
zuuswggmzp was immediately turned while hzxtrjrebl was not, so hzxtrjrebl is less curious than zuuswggmzp
pqdbgninv was immediately turned while qjztjclqhh was not, so qjztjclqhh is less curious than pqdbgninv
fzjzmo was immediately turned while axxx was not, so axxx is less curious than fzjzmo
bhrvvosx is immediately turned while acbbjkkyztzd is not, so bhrvvosx is not less curious than acbbjkkyztzd
vmirfasq is immediately turned while jmantoysy is not, so vmirfasq is not less curious than jmantoysy
jpyi is immediately turned while goidsvbag is not, so jpyi is not less curious than goidsvbag
xhes is immediately turned while sndzviwbvjm is not, so xhes is not less curious than sndzviwbvjm
jpxyvuchwrt is immediately turned while ysx is not, so jpxyvuchwrt is not less curious than ysx
acbbjkkyztzd is immediately turned while bhrvvosx is not, so bhrvvosx is not more curious than acbbjkkyztzd
jmantoysy is immediately turned while vmirfasq is not, so vmirfasq is not more curious than jmantoysy
goidsvbag is immediately turned while jpyi is not, so jpyi is not more curious than goidsvbag
sndzviwbvjm is immediately turned while xhes is not, so xhes is not more curious than sndzviwbvjm
ysx is immediately turned while jpxyvuchwrt is not, so jpxyvuchwrt is not more curious than ysx
xugibtsisbgk pushes another person's head while ihepksxriy does not, so xugibtsisbgk is more aggressive than ihepksxriy
txcxjoav pushes another person's head while asi does not, so txcxjoav is more aggressive than asi
oubs pushes another person's head while xhlykidv does not, so oubs is more aggressive than xhlykidv
ferdkc pushes another person's head while tkrgjplj does not, so ferdkc is more aggressive than tkrgjplj
puwsrfudu pushes another person's head while tbvyr does not, so puwsrfudu is more aggressive than tbvyr
xugibtsisbgk pushes another person's head while ihepksxriy does not, so ihepksxriy is less aggressive than xugibtsisbgk
txcxjoav pushes another person's head while asi does not, so asi is less aggressive than txcxjoav
oubs pushes another person's head while xhlykidv does not, so xhlykidv is less aggressive than oubs
ferdkc pushes another person's head while tkrgjplj does not, so tkrgjplj is less aggressive than ferdkc
puwsrfudu pushes another person's head while tbvyr does not, so tbvyr is less aggressive than puwsrfudu
giiybps pushes another person's head while qxexn does not, so giiybps is not less aggressive than qxexn
ouhcygomhbd pushes another person's head while cdhexvlluwu does not, so ouhcygomhbd is not less aggressive than cdhexvlluwu
gdfm pushes another person's head while syku does not, so gdfm is not less aggressive than syku
apfqgqv pushes another person's head while gqqsjjog does not, so apfqgqv is not less aggressive than gqqsjjog
gzxc pushes another person's head while jrxzktisjyph does not, so gzxc is not less aggressive than jrxzktisjyph
qxexn pushes another person's head while giiybps does not, so giiybps is not more aggressive than qxexn
cdhexvlluwu pushes another person's head while ouhcygomhbd does not, so ouhcygomhbd is not more aggressive than cdhexvlluwu
syku pushes another person's head while gdfm does not, so gdfm is not more aggressive than syku
gqqsjjog pushes another person's head while apfqgqv does not, so apfqgqv is not more aggressive than gqqsjjog
jrxzktisjyph pushes another person's head while gzxc does not, so gzxc is not more aggressive than jrxzktisjyph
bnbamqc would n't eat more than rkhbvoa, so bnbamqc is more dieting than rkhbvoa
cqvcmunqkmc would n't eat more than dwwfxtxfn, so cqvcmunqkmc is more dieting than dwwfxtxfn
lwtmaneizpif would n't eat more than iewhe, so lwtmaneizpif is more dieting than iewhe
vxxhudnyewo would n't eat more than htzuipmp, so vxxhudnyewo is more dieting than htzuipmp
sgth would n't eat more than tofsfakp, so sgth is more dieting than tofsfakp
bnbamqc would n't eat more than rkhbvoa, so rkhbvoa is less dieting than bnbamqc
cqvcmunqkmc would n't eat more than dwwfxtxfn, so dwwfxtxfn is less dieting than cqvcmunqkmc
lwtmaneizpif would n't eat more than iewhe, so iewhe is less dieting than lwtmaneizpif
vxxhudnyewo would n't eat more than htzuipmp, so htzuipmp is less dieting than vxxhudnyewo
sgth would n't eat more than tofsfakp, so tofsfakp is less dieting than sgth
vqxtlpni would n't eat more than oef, so vqxtlpni is not less dieting than oef
kyrvkpwdr would n't eat more than louv, so kyrvkpwdr is not less dieting than louv
klspfdiydp would n't eat more than tducofsrdne, so klspfdiydp is not less dieting than tducofsrdne
iqmgdt would n't eat more than umxlocq, so iqmgdt is not less dieting than umxlocq
vkvjg would n't eat more than ryotasgdozrt, so vkvjg is not less dieting than ryotasgdozrt
oef would n't eat more than vqxtlpni, so vqxtlpni is not more dieting than oef
louv would n't eat more than kyrvkpwdr, so kyrvkpwdr is not more dieting than louv
tducofsrdne would n't eat more than klspfdiydp, so klspfdiydp is not more dieting than tducofsrdne
umxlocq would n't eat more than iqmgdt, so iqmgdt is not more dieting than umxlocq
ryotasgdozrt would n't eat more than vkvjg, so vkvjg is not more dieting than ryotasgdozrt
mxdwkp is able to youngest another person president while ukiktyqqeia is not, so mxdwkp is more motivated than ukiktyqqeia
pod is able to youngest another person president while hkqofm is not, so pod is more motivated than hkqofm
lkyrecorvp is able to youngest another person president while swbike is not, so lkyrecorvp is more motivated than swbike
ebll is able to youngest another person president while tddpixz is not, so ebll is more motivated than tddpixz
umiz is able to youngest another person president while vyfpqpizulvh is not, so umiz is more motivated than vyfpqpizulvh
mxdwkp is able to youngest another person president while ukiktyqqeia is not, so ukiktyqqeia is less motivated than mxdwkp
pod is able to youngest another person president while hkqofm is not, so hkqofm is less motivated than pod
lkyrecorvp is able to youngest another person president while swbike is not, so swbike is less motivated than lkyrecorvp
ebll is able to youngest another person president while tddpixz is not, so tddpixz is less motivated than ebll
umiz is able to youngest another person president while vyfpqpizulvh is not, so vyfpqpizulvh is less motivated than umiz
xyoxfpv is the youngest another person president while vcvdyciviwob is not, so xyoxfpv is not less motivated than vcvdyciviwob
hvt is the youngest another person president while lzpxhfexghqt is not, so hvt is not less motivated than lzpxhfexghqt
fmkiwsx is the youngest another person president while drfbkmaawn is not, so fmkiwsx is not less motivated than drfbkmaawn
pkutck is the youngest another person president while aqmk is not, so pkutck is not less motivated than aqmk
qitfxhoykjg is the youngest another person president while oxn is not, so qitfxhoykjg is not less motivated than oxn
vcvdyciviwob is not more motivated than xyoxfpv, so xyoxfpv is not more motivated than vcvdyciviwob
lzpxhfexghqt is not more motivated than hvt, so hvt is not more motivated than lzpxhfexghqt
drfbkmaawn is not more motivated than fmkiwsx, so fmkiwsx is not more motivated than drfbkmaawn
aqmk is not more motivated than pkutck, so pkutck is not more motivated than aqmk
oxn is not more motivated than qitfxhoykjg, so qitfxhoykjg is not more motivated than oxn
nem continues to drive while ryp does not, so nem is more committed than ryp
qlcvqlfm continues to drive while hxaxiyzhxhk does not, so qlcvqlfm is more committed than hxaxiyzhxhk
aduxzytpmns continues to drive while mzm does not, so aduxzytpmns is more committed than mzm
bkzk continues to drive while njrtpaqpc does not, so bkzk is more committed than njrtpaqpc
lglwgvpzw continues to drive while xxrzupxfzheb does not, so lglwgvpzw is more committed than xxrzupxfzheb
nem continues to drive while ryp does not, so ryp is less committed than nem
qlcvqlfm continues to drive while hxaxiyzhxhk does not, so hxaxiyzhxhk is less committed than qlcvqlfm
aduxzytpmns continues to drive while mzm does not, so mzm is less committed than aduxzytpmns
bkzk continues to drive while njrtpaqpc does not, so njrtpaqpc is less committed than bkzk
lglwgvpzw continues to drive while xxrzupxfzheb does not, so xxrzupxfzheb is less committed than lglwgvpzw
kpi continues to drive while vmtikjxz does not, so kpi is not less committed than vmtikjxz
xqzuhuvu continues to drive while kakxoajzc does not, so xqzuhuvu is not less committed than kakxoajzc
geuvwaroppnt continues to drive while jvrw does not, so geuvwaroppnt is not less committed than jvrw
jrhdipmvlo continues to drive while kirdtnqgsem does not, so jrhdipmvlo is not less committed than kirdtnqgsem
ccplahwav continues to drive while fms does not, so ccplahwav is not less committed than fms
vmtikjxz continues to drive while kpi does not, so kpi is not more committed than vmtikjxz
kakxoajzc continues to drive while xqzuhuvu does not, so xqzuhuvu is not more committed than kakxoajzc
jvrw continues to drive while geuvwaroppnt does not, so geuvwaroppnt is not more committed than jvrw
kirdtnqgsem continues to drive while jrhdipmvlo does not, so jrhdipmvlo is not more committed than kirdtnqgsem
fms continues to drive while ccplahwav does not, so ccplahwav is not more committed than fms
xfvnn wants a new dress while blfx does not, so xfvnn is more spoiled than blfx
lpnu wants a new dress while tmgjyshn does not, so lpnu is more spoiled than tmgjyshn
tlgkdmwtcqth wants a new dress while fiexafms does not, so tlgkdmwtcqth is more spoiled than fiexafms
eejquzkf wants a new dress while rjgcbbydtqo does not, so eejquzkf is more spoiled than rjgcbbydtqo
mimcghynt wants a new dress while xyxpvkkqg does not, so mimcghynt is more spoiled than xyxpvkkqg
xfvnn wants a new dress while blfx does not, so blfx is less spoiled than xfvnn
lpnu wants a new dress while tmgjyshn does not, so tmgjyshn is less spoiled than lpnu
tlgkdmwtcqth wants a new dress while fiexafms does not, so fiexafms is less spoiled than tlgkdmwtcqth
eejquzkf wants a new dress while rjgcbbydtqo does not, so rjgcbbydtqo is less spoiled than eejquzkf
mimcghynt wants a new dress while xyxpvkkqg does not, so xyxpvkkqg is less spoiled than mimcghynt
rlmhpugmpv wants a new dress while ouhpdgp does not, so rlmhpugmpv is not less spoiled than ouhpdgp
qdctrnmm wants a new dress while toadwkhdhhy does not, so qdctrnmm is not less spoiled than toadwkhdhhy
qnpz wants a new dress while fjddvvxv does not, so qnpz is not less spoiled than fjddvvxv
rrrxsouw wants a new dress while ljezrg does not, so rrrxsouw is not less spoiled than ljezrg
bgogtn wants a new dress while oorsogamjyoc does not, so bgogtn is not less spoiled than oorsogamjyoc
ouhpdgp wants a new dress while rlmhpugmpv does not, so rlmhpugmpv is not more spoiled than ouhpdgp
toadwkhdhhy wants a new dress while qdctrnmm does not, so qdctrnmm is not more spoiled than toadwkhdhhy
fjddvvxv wants a new dress while qnpz does not, so qnpz is not more spoiled than fjddvvxv
ljezrg wants a new dress while rrrxsouw does not, so rrrxsouw is not more spoiled than ljezrg
oorsogamjyoc wants a new dress while bgogtn does not, so bgogtn is not more spoiled than oorsogamjyoc
wrauk catches their drift while wuleqvyrpzwe does not, so wrauk is more intelligent than wuleqvyrpzwe
rajvwkib catches their drift while wwmdvjxindav does not, so rajvwkib is more intelligent than wwmdvjxindav
tsyrrgqgu catches their drift while wft does not, so tsyrrgqgu is more intelligent than wft
vtgeiarldu catches their drift while eynzqohf does not, so vtgeiarldu is more intelligent than eynzqohf
kfwwxk catches their drift while kpymppqaohdr does not, so kfwwxk is more intelligent than kpymppqaohdr
wrauk catches their drift while wuleqvyrpzwe does not, so wuleqvyrpzwe is less intelligent than wrauk
rajvwkib catches their drift while wwmdvjxindav does not, so wwmdvjxindav is less intelligent than rajvwkib
tsyrrgqgu catches their drift while wft does not, so wft is less intelligent than tsyrrgqgu
vtgeiarldu catches their drift while eynzqohf does not, so eynzqohf is less intelligent than vtgeiarldu
kfwwxk catches their drift while kpymppqaohdr does not, so kpymppqaohdr is less intelligent than kfwwxk
wljfm catches their drift while cdz does not, so wljfm is not less intelligent than cdz
bfvcuaqpfnh catches their drift while srmgesu does not, so bfvcuaqpfnh is not less intelligent than srmgesu
tlvuqt catches their drift while tqpvynzn does not, so tlvuqt is not less intelligent than tqpvynzn
fwkaw catches their drift while itwayo does not, so fwkaw is not less intelligent than itwayo
uljzmyurr catches their drift while vttrvcewc does not, so uljzmyurr is not less intelligent than vttrvcewc
cdz catches their drift while wljfm does not, so wljfm is not more intelligent than cdz
srmgesu catches their drift while bfvcuaqpfnh does not, so bfvcuaqpfnh is not more intelligent than srmgesu
tqpvynzn catches their drift while tlvuqt does not, so tlvuqt is not more intelligent than tqpvynzn
itwayo catches their drift while fwkaw does not, so fwkaw is not more intelligent than itwayo
vttrvcewc catches their drift while uljzmyurr does not, so uljzmyurr is not more intelligent than vttrvcewc
pcwynwvaaav grows taller while tndxfnhv does not, so pcwynwvaaav is more large than tndxfnhv
jdaplymzfx grows taller while phduijd does not, so jdaplymzfx is more large than phduijd
qsqtpppxyh grows taller while zelj does not, so qsqtpppxyh is more large than zelj
bavykgz grows taller while nahoauzsfi does not, so bavykgz is more large than nahoauzsfi
xcte grows taller while kysrgahwk does not, so xcte is more large than kysrgahwk
pcwynwvaaav grows taller while tndxfnhv does not, so tndxfnhv is less large than pcwynwvaaav
jdaplymzfx grows taller while phduijd does not, so phduijd is less large than jdaplymzfx
qsqtpppxyh grows taller while zelj does not, so zelj is less large than qsqtpppxyh
bavykgz grows taller while nahoauzsfi does not, so nahoauzsfi is less large than bavykgz
xcte grows taller while kysrgahwk does not, so kysrgahwk is less large than xcte
een grows taller while nofxycy does not, so een is not less large than nofxycy
fderthccp grows taller while zzwc does not, so fderthccp is not less large than zzwc
zke grows taller while lfvjud does not, so zke is not less large than lfvjud
mstfsn grows taller while okxkowbwa does not, so mstfsn is not less large than okxkowbwa
mthi grows taller while uvurmg does not, so mthi is not less large than uvurmg
nofxycy grows taller while een does not, so een is not more large than nofxycy
zzwc grows taller while fderthccp does not, so fderthccp is not more large than zzwc
lfvjud grows taller while zke does not, so zke is not more large than lfvjud
okxkowbwa grows taller while mstfsn does not, so mstfsn is not more large than okxkowbwa
uvurmg grows taller while mthi does not, so mthi is not more large than uvurmg
tnlkf acts strange while ntutdtaeqp does not, so tnlkf is more unusual than ntutdtaeqp
lder acts strange while kwhxxqb does not, so lder is more unusual than kwhxxqb
zutiq acts strange while kgeglxevdw does not, so zutiq is more unusual than kgeglxevdw
qruvlcvda acts strange while dbvkotemh does not, so qruvlcvda is more unusual than dbvkotemh
wqfzyllwav acts strange while nsip does not, so wqfzyllwav is more unusual than nsip
tnlkf acts strange while ntutdtaeqp does not, so ntutdtaeqp is less unusual than tnlkf
lder acts strange while kwhxxqb does not, so kwhxxqb is less unusual than lder
zutiq acts strange while kgeglxevdw does not, so kgeglxevdw is less unusual than zutiq
qruvlcvda acts strange while dbvkotemh does not, so dbvkotemh is less unusual than qruvlcvda
wqfzyllwav acts strange while nsip does not, so nsip is less unusual than wqfzyllwav
ywbyhqdhfcfu acts strange while lhvim does not, so ywbyhqdhfcfu is not less unusual than lhvim
bmfvhawss acts strange while bnwl does not, so bmfvhawss is not less unusual than bnwl
kfooytasyj acts strange while oezjfa does not, so kfooytasyj is not less unusual than oezjfa
pjxpnur acts strange while fbmqekbrzdjl does not, so pjxpnur is not less unusual than fbmqekbrzdjl
sepmy acts strange while jjswvzkxby does not, so sepmy is not less unusual than jjswvzkxby
lhvim acts strange while ywbyhqdhfcfu does not, so ywbyhqdhfcfu is not more unusual than lhvim
bnwl acts strange while bmfvhawss does not, so bmfvhawss is not more unusual than bnwl
oezjfa acts strange while kfooytasyj does not, so kfooytasyj is not more unusual than oezjfa
fbmqekbrzdjl acts strange while pjxpnur does not, so pjxpnur is not more unusual than fbmqekbrzdjl
jjswvzkxby acts strange while sepmy does not, so sepmy is not more unusual than jjswvzkxby
liv tells another person's grandmother while gmlfahir does not, so liv is more eager than gmlfahir
bsowzkb tells another person's grandmother while xhrweengk does not, so bsowzkb is more eager than xhrweengk
hqxrzrctwk tells another person's grandmother while uqjulgodcy does not, so hqxrzrctwk is more eager than uqjulgodcy
epulyo tells another person's grandmother while czpani does not, so epulyo is more eager than czpani
gvqwf tells another person's grandmother while ythxnlu does not, so gvqwf is more eager than ythxnlu
liv tells another person's grandmother while gmlfahir does not, so gmlfahir is less eager than liv
bsowzkb tells another person's grandmother while xhrweengk does not, so xhrweengk is less eager than bsowzkb
hqxrzrctwk tells another person's grandmother while uqjulgodcy does not, so uqjulgodcy is less eager than hqxrzrctwk
epulyo tells another person's grandmother while czpani does not, so czpani is less eager than epulyo
gvqwf tells another person's grandmother while ythxnlu does not, so ythxnlu is less eager than gvqwf
imtcclp tells another person's grandmother while xrw does not, so imtcclp is not less eager than xrw
ewb tells another person's grandmother while veqkuh does not, so ewb is not less eager than veqkuh
puqhc tells another person's grandmother while hrdmanm does not, so puqhc is not less eager than hrdmanm
pkrmauyvj tells another person's grandmother while xzozmcatdcu does not, so pkrmauyvj is not less eager than xzozmcatdcu
yvgypraevo tells another person's grandmother while iacrkrgw does not, so yvgypraevo is not less eager than iacrkrgw
xrw tells another person's grandmother while imtcclp does not, so imtcclp is not more eager than xrw
veqkuh tells another person's grandmother while ewb does not, so ewb is not more eager than veqkuh
hrdmanm tells another person's grandmother while puqhc does not, so puqhc is not more eager than hrdmanm
xzozmcatdcu tells another person's grandmother while pkrmauyvj does not, so pkrmauyvj is not more eager than xzozmcatdcu
iacrkrgw tells another person's grandmother while yvgypraevo does not, so yvgypraevo is not more eager than iacrkrgw
ybiaqvb changes their policy while wwjjxnmnor does not, so ybiaqvb is more abrupt than wwjjxnmnor
auoblfpveb changes their policy while jfsowtslhpzp does not, so auoblfpveb is more abrupt than jfsowtslhpzp
pbwl changes their policy while eqzgehwzzued does not, so pbwl is more abrupt than eqzgehwzzued
vrkqa changes their policy while gihirldpq does not, so vrkqa is more abrupt than gihirldpq
pierewzvlzkj changes their policy while egavbqgjwbk does not, so pierewzvlzkj is more abrupt than egavbqgjwbk
ybiaqvb changes their policy while wwjjxnmnor does not, so wwjjxnmnor is more abrupt than ybiaqvb
auoblfpveb changes their policy while jfsowtslhpzp does not, so jfsowtslhpzp is more abrupt than auoblfpveb
pbwl changes their policy while eqzgehwzzued does not, so eqzgehwzzued is more abrupt than pbwl
vrkqa changes their policy while gihirldpq does not, so gihirldpq is more abrupt than vrkqa
pierewzvlzkj changes their policy while egavbqgjwbk does not, so egavbqgjwbk is more abrupt than pierewzvlzkj
icygobv changes their policy while askojn does not, so icygobv is not less abrupt than askojn
boimkulqi changes their policy while nnr does not, so boimkulqi is not less abrupt than nnr
tylanzrhu changes their policy while nkscyqju does not, so tylanzrhu is not less abrupt than nkscyqju
jgbmjhmz changes their policy while fxcou does not, so jgbmjhmz is not less abrupt than fxcou
owkpncdcrg changes their policy while nxfuqu does not, so owkpncdcrg is not less abrupt than nxfuqu
askojn changes their policy while icygobv does not, so icygobv is not more abrupt than askojn
nnr changes their policy while boimkulqi does not, so boimkulqi is not more abrupt than nnr
nkscyqju changes their policy while tylanzrhu does not, so tylanzrhu is not more abrupt than nkscyqju
fxcou changes their policy while jgbmjhmz does not, so jgbmjhmz is not more abrupt than fxcou
nxfuqu changes their policy while owkpncdcrg does not, so owkpncdcrg is not more abrupt than nxfuqu
wpmnrgz offers to teach another person while zuphnq does not, so wpmnrgz is more generous than zuphnq
yzitde offers to teach another person while yytwzxvsbse does not, so yzitde is more generous than yytwzxvsbse
lpncibmvynh offers to teach another person while eeypxpzsm does not, so lpncibmvynh is more generous than eeypxpzsm
jeennwrko offers to teach another person while rsjxohdd does not, so jeennwrko is more generous than rsjxohdd
cejdksptpwq offers to teach another person while qarlshiuxf does not, so cejdksptpwq is more generous than qarlshiuxf
wpmnrgz offers to teach another person while zuphnq does not, so zuphnq is less generous than wpmnrgz
yzitde offers to teach another person while yytwzxvsbse does not, so yytwzxvsbse is less generous than yzitde
lpncibmvynh offers to teach another person while eeypxpzsm does not, so eeypxpzsm is less generous than lpncibmvynh
jeennwrko offers to teach another person while rsjxohdd does not, so rsjxohdd is less generous than jeennwrko
cejdksptpwq offers to teach another person while qarlshiuxf does not, so qarlshiuxf is less generous than cejdksptpwq
cduvhhak offers to teach another person while iab does not, so cduvhhak is not less generous than iab
bjutfkbdveqm offers to teach another person while qcxkfo does not, so bjutfkbdveqm is not less generous than qcxkfo
dwrgwb offers to teach another person while yaunmcn does not, so dwrgwb is not less generous than yaunmcn
bflsnc offers to teach another person while obclufehzcr does not, so bflsnc is not less generous than obclufehzcr
uniiebdzzlge offers to teach another person while fjfwzlvvse does not, so uniiebdzzlge is not less generous than fjfwzlvvse
iab offers to teach another person while cduvhhak does not, so cduvhhak is not more generous than iab
qcxkfo offers to teach another person while bjutfkbdveqm does not, so bjutfkbdveqm is not more generous than qcxkfo
yaunmcn offers to teach another person while dwrgwb does not, so dwrgwb is not more generous than yaunmcn
obclufehzcr offers to teach another person while bflsnc does not, so bflsnc is not more generous than obclufehzcr
fjfwzlvvse offers to teach another person while uniiebdzzlge does not, so uniiebdzzlge is not more generous than fjfwzlvvse
byjy cracks a fat while yzbuhm does not, so byjy is more tired than yzbuhm
zgklx cracks a fat while bluwomyrpint does not, so zgklx is more tired than bluwomyrpint
nhzmy cracks a fat while expi does not, so nhzmy is more tired than expi
xmzljacko cracks a fat while vezagpqbqcp does not, so xmzljacko is more tired than vezagpqbqcp
aadp cracks a fat while bnbb does not, so aadp is more tired than bnbb
byjy cracks a fat while yzbuhm does not, so yzbuhm is less tired than byjy
zgklx cracks a fat while bluwomyrpint does not, so bluwomyrpint is less tired than zgklx
nhzmy cracks a fat while expi does not, so expi is less tired than nhzmy
xmzljacko cracks a fat while vezagpqbqcp does not, so vezagpqbqcp is less tired than xmzljacko
aadp cracks a fat while bnbb does not, so bnbb is less tired than aadp
ejomnavssgox cracks a fat while ennt does not, so ejomnavssgox is not less tired than ennt
ukwecz cracks a fat while zvawtr does not, so ukwecz is not less tired than zvawtr
gubwidfvofxn cracks a fat while wcbjax does not, so gubwidfvofxn is not less tired than wcbjax
peziklj cracks a fat while zjz does not, so peziklj is not less tired than zjz
mqhatfuqht cracks a fat while fsntaippv does not, so mqhatfuqht is not less tired than fsntaippv
ennt cracks a fat while ejomnavssgox does not, so ejomnavssgox is not more tired than ennt
zvawtr cracks a fat while ukwecz does not, so ukwecz is not more tired than zvawtr
wcbjax cracks a fat while gubwidfvofxn does not, so gubwidfvofxn is not more tired than wcbjax
zjz cracks a fat while peziklj does not, so peziklj is not more tired than zjz
fsntaippv cracks a fat while mqhatfuqht does not, so mqhatfuqht is not more tired than fsntaippv
ctguyqzvyxg sings their praises while aqbrbuhiykl does not, so ctguyqzvyxg is more snooty than aqbrbuhiykl
wnfepbeertre sings their praises while ffkp does not, so wnfepbeertre is more snooty than ffkp
umpcgpmcvrnw sings their praises while tcpcliw does not, so umpcgpmcvrnw is more snooty than tcpcliw
kphgjyikkgj sings their praises while qak does not, so kphgjyikkgj is more snooty than qak
oifyxjg sings their praises while pttpb does not, so oifyxjg is more snooty than pttpb
ctguyqzvyxg sings their praises while aqbrbuhiykl does not, so aqbrbuhiykl is less snooty than ctguyqzvyxg
wnfepbeertre sings their praises while ffkp does not, so ffkp is less snooty than wnfepbeertre
umpcgpmcvrnw sings their praises while tcpcliw does not, so tcpcliw is less snooty than umpcgpmcvrnw
kphgjyikkgj sings their praises while qak does not, so qak is less snooty than kphgjyikkgj
oifyxjg sings their praises while pttpb does not, so pttpb is less snooty than oifyxjg
dvsljjje sings their praises while vmp does not, so dvsljjje is not less snooty than vmp
xvsjmmyuroh sings their praises while rfvpjk does not, so xvsjmmyuroh is not less snooty than rfvpjk
hdthywsrdq sings their praises while tnfwhwbladdd does not, so hdthywsrdq is not less snooty than tnfwhwbladdd
tsscjrek sings their praises while clewdgid does not, so tsscjrek is not less snooty than clewdgid
pgmtn sings their praises while oljehltemj does not, so pgmtn is not less snooty than oljehltemj
vmp sings their praises while dvsljjje does not, so dvsljjje is not more snooty than vmp
rfvpjk sings their praises while xvsjmmyuroh does not, so xvsjmmyuroh is not more snooty than rfvpjk
tnfwhwbladdd sings their praises while hdthywsrdq does not, so hdthywsrdq is not more snooty than tnfwhwbladdd
clewdgid sings their praises while tsscjrek does not, so tsscjrek is not more snooty than clewdgid
oljehltemj sings their praises while pgmtn does not, so pgmtn is not more snooty than oljehltemj
oagc has always wanted to go to school while vmwexsmpvso does not, so oagc is more hopeful than vmwexsmpvso
xjzpehcy has always wanted to go to school while nuswlnj does not, so xjzpehcy is more hopeful than nuswlnj
rgixvzda has always wanted to go to school while ayukq does not, so rgixvzda is more hopeful than ayukq
wvxrw has always wanted to go to school while bpayx does not, so wvxrw is more hopeful than bpayx
xffbbkwp has always wanted to go to school while obassgvetaln does not, so xffbbkwp is more hopeful than obassgvetaln
oagc has always wanted to go to school while vmwexsmpvso does not, so vmwexsmpvso is less hopeful than oagc
xjzpehcy has always wanted to go to school while nuswlnj does not, so nuswlnj is less hopeful than xjzpehcy
rgixvzda has always wanted to go to school while ayukq does not, so ayukq is less hopeful than rgixvzda
wvxrw has always wanted to go to school while bpayx does not, so bpayx is less hopeful than wvxrw
xffbbkwp has always wanted to go to school while obassgvetaln does not, so obassgvetaln is less hopeful than xffbbkwp
ruzmaw has always wanted to go to more than ndhom, so ruzmaw is not more hopeful than ndhom
gzyucao has always wanted to go to more than dwaqzfqi, so gzyucao is not more hopeful than dwaqzfqi
aqlxng has always wanted to go to more than shzkigfih, so aqlxng is not more hopeful than shzkigfih
nyqazcjc has always wanted to go to more than mfnyzbes, so nyqazcjc is not more hopeful than mfnyzbes
gtqggqkog has always wanted to go to more than qlwjjzc, so gtqggqkog is not more hopeful than qlwjjzc
ndhom has always wanted to go to more than ruzmaw, so ruzmaw is not more hopeful than ndhom
dwaqzfqi has always wanted to go to more than gzyucao, so gzyucao is not more hopeful than dwaqzfqi
shzkigfih has always wanted to go to more than aqlxng, so aqlxng is not more hopeful than shzkigfih
mfnyzbes has always wanted to go to more than nyqazcjc, so nyqazcjc is not more hopeful than mfnyzbes
qlwjjzc has always wanted to go to more than gtqggqkog, so gtqggqkog is not more hopeful than qlwjjzc
mqcova is still loved while iouiy is not, so mqcova is more content than iouiy
rjzyg is still loved while pdztwkzsqmw is not, so rjzyg is more content than pdztwkzsqmw
kzvrxivwk is still loved while pemqxs is not, so kzvrxivwk is more content than pemqxs
thnkkxef is still loved while faq is not, so thnkkxef is more content than faq
cxa is still loved while bduiwudag is not, so cxa is more content than bduiwudag
mqcova is still loved while iouiy is not, so iouiy is less content than mqcova
rjzyg is still loved while pdztwkzsqmw is not, so pdztwkzsqmw is less content than rjzyg
kzvrxivwk is still loved while pemqxs is not, so pemqxs is less content than kzvrxivwk
thnkkxef is still loved while faq is not, so faq is less content than thnkkxef
cxa is still loved while bduiwudag is not, so bduiwudag is less content than cxa
aozaceozxivu is still loved while bzxjbcacp is not, so aozaceozxivu is not less content than bzxjbcacp
qlwakwnbrt is still loved while htswpuz is not, so qlwakwnbrt is not less content than htswpuz
dlvnhmhdou is still loved while eybzzmyi is not, so dlvnhmhdou is not less content than eybzzmyi
zarewxjnib is still loved while qxnhixd is not, so zarewxjnib is not less content than qxnhixd
yakssjyo is still loved while tjrkvn is not, so yakssjyo is not less content than tjrkvn
bzxjbcacp is still loved while aozaceozxivu is not, so aozaceozxivu is not more content than bzxjbcacp
htswpuz is still loved while qlwakwnbrt is not, so qlwakwnbrt is not more content than htswpuz
eybzzmyi is still loved while dlvnhmhdou is not, so dlvnhmhdou is not more content than eybzzmyi
qxnhixd is still loved while zarewxjnib is not, so zarewxjnib is not more content than qxnhixd
tjrkvn is still loved while yakssjyo is not, so yakssjyo is not more content than tjrkvn
mkqgzqs finds another person's class while rmjx does not, so mkqgzqs is more knowledgeable than rmjx
zcamtab finds another person's class while nxxi does not, so zcamtab is more knowledgeable than nxxi
hrvdzbjlovng finds another person's class while uuie does not, so hrvdzbjlovng is more knowledgeable than uuie
ukvv finds another person's class while eohs does not, so ukvv is more knowledgeable than eohs
iodclms finds another person's class while olffle does not, so iodclms is more knowledgeable than olffle
mkqgzqs finds another person's class while rmjx does not, so rmjx is less knowledgeable than mkqgzqs
zcamtab finds another person's class while nxxi does not, so nxxi is less knowledgeable than zcamtab
hrvdzbjlovng finds another person's class while uuie does not, so uuie is less knowledgeable than hrvdzbjlovng
ukvv finds another person's class while eohs does not, so eohs is less knowledgeable than ukvv
iodclms finds another person's class while olffle does not, so olffle is less knowledgeable than iodclms
zlkv finds another person's class while kkb does not, so zlkv is not less knowledgeable than kkb
pavttxvjrlyk finds another person's class while pezm does not, so pavttxvjrlyk is not less knowledgeable than pezm
wxpfvt finds another person's class while ygsdt does not, so wxpfvt is not less knowledgeable than ygsdt
uqfrpbxm finds another person's class while ghtol does not, so uqfrpbxm is not less knowledgeable than ghtol
fue finds another person's class while rfk does not, so fue is not less knowledgeable than rfk
kkb finds another person's class while zlkv does not, so zlkv is not more knowledgeable than kkb
pezm finds another person's class while pavttxvjrlyk does not, so pavttxvjrlyk is not more knowledgeable than pezm
ygsdt finds another person's class while wxpfvt does not, so wxpfvt is not more knowledgeable than ygsdt
ghtol finds another person's class while uqfrpbxm does not, so uqfrpbxm is not more knowledgeable than ghtol
rfk finds another person's class while fue does not, so fue is not more knowledgeable than rfk
wjxxbtt wishes another person a happy birthday while dindjaamzopd does not, so wjxxbtt is more thoughtful than dindjaamzopd
uxjpvluwm wishes another person a happy birthday while itnrxezlrn does not, so uxjpvluwm is more thoughtful than itnrxezlrn
brnaapsp wishes another person a happy birthday while kcatzo does not, so brnaapsp is more thoughtful than kcatzo
mhefsu wishes another person a happy birthday while mtwunnwheo does not, so mhefsu is more thoughtful than mtwunnwheo
ygj wishes another person a happy birthday while iqqfs does not, so ygj is more thoughtful than iqqfs
wjxxbtt wishes another person a happy birthday while dindjaamzopd does not, so dindjaamzopd is less thoughtful than wjxxbtt
uxjpvluwm wishes another person a happy birthday while itnrxezlrn does not, so itnrxezlrn is less thoughtful than uxjpvluwm
brnaapsp wishes another person a happy birthday while kcatzo does not, so kcatzo is less thoughtful than brnaapsp
mhefsu wishes another person a happy birthday while mtwunnwheo does not, so mtwunnwheo is less thoughtful than mhefsu
ygj wishes another person a happy birthday while iqqfs does not, so iqqfs is less thoughtful than ygj
zlfjwmivajxy wishes another person a happy birthday while jzpgozedwqu does not, so zlfjwmivajxy is not less thoughtful than jzpgozedwqu
sretsvgg wishes another person a happy birthday while htzfmdetp does not, so sretsvgg is not less thoughtful than htzfmdetp
olgtqx wishes another person a happy birthday while jggzjcewp does not, so olgtqx is not less thoughtful than jggzjcewp
hexsrhei wishes another person a happy birthday while okn does not, so hexsrhei is not less thoughtful than okn
ncoevrxvlzkk wishes another person a happy birthday while jnmpycsxd does not, so ncoevrxvlzkk is not less thoughtful than jnmpycsxd
jzpgozedwqu wishes another person a happy birthday while zlfjwmivajxy does not, so zlfjwmivajxy is not more thoughtful than jzpgozedwqu
htzfmdetp wishes another person a happy birthday while sretsvgg does not, so sretsvgg is not more thoughtful than htzfmdetp
jggzjcewp wishes another person a happy birthday while olgtqx does not, so olgtqx is not more thoughtful than jggzjcewp
okn wishes another person a happy birthday while hexsrhei does not, so hexsrhei is not more thoughtful than okn
jnmpycsxd wishes another person a happy birthday while ncoevrxvlzkk does not, so ncoevrxvlzkk is not more thoughtful than jnmpycsxd
abfaso eats another person out of house and home while qzyneggswcfa does not, so abfaso is more greedy than qzyneggswcfa
qrys eats another person out of house and home while iekj does not, so qrys is more greedy than iekj
jhubqzcf eats another person out of house and home while bsv does not, so jhubqzcf is more greedy than bsv
zszmm eats another person out of house and home while gnsk does not, so zszmm is more greedy than gnsk
kfqoeexa eats another person out of house and home while qbuoq does not, so kfqoeexa is more greedy than qbuoq
abfaso eats another person out of house and home while qzyneggswcfa does not, so qzyneggswcfa is less greedy than abfaso
qrys eats another person out of house and home while iekj does not, so iekj is less greedy than qrys
jhubqzcf eats another person out of house and home while bsv does not, so bsv is less greedy than jhubqzcf
zszmm eats another person out of house and home while gnsk does not, so gnsk is less greedy than zszmm
kfqoeexa eats another person out of house and home while qbuoq does not, so qbuoq is less greedy than kfqoeexa
ddzthylmdz eats another person out of house and home while flqlvd does not, so ddzthylmdz is not less greedy than flqlvd
epac eats another person out of house and home while byweoiuzooc does not, so epac is not less greedy than byweoiuzooc
mselzaapzzza eats another person out of house and home while huqzwyn does not, so mselzaapzzza is not less greedy than huqzwyn
swqauvyvtbh eats another person out of house and home while qycsf does not, so swqauvyvtbh is not less greedy than qycsf
pwjr eats another person out of house and home while emdhme does not, so pwjr is not less greedy than emdhme
flqlvd eats another person out of house and home more than ddzthylmdz, so ddzthylmdz is not more greedy than flqlvd
byweoiuzooc eats another person out of house and home more than epac, so epac is not more greedy than byweoiuzooc
huqzwyn eats another person out of house and home more than mselzaapzzza, so mselzaapzzza is not more greedy than huqzwyn
qycsf eats another person out of house and home more than swqauvyvtbh, so swqauvyvtbh is not more greedy than qycsf
emdhme eats another person out of house and home more than pwjr, so pwjr is not more greedy than emdhme
krxsugfnvdl leaves heading to another person while dlngi does not, so krxsugfnvdl is more talented than dlngi
gxibp leaves heading to another person while yymtxkbk does not, so gxibp is more talented than yymtxkbk
bzhtegebq leaves heading to another person while yurtbiwqdeuv does not, so bzhtegebq is more talented than yurtbiwqdeuv
hyixzywmo leaves heading to another person while prp does not, so hyixzywmo is more talented than prp
kefslxocyqcd leaves heading to another person while iszsvcgqa does not, so kefslxocyqcd is more talented than iszsvcgqa
krxsugfnvdl leaves heading to another person while dlngi does not, so dlngi is less talented than krxsugfnvdl
gxibp leaves heading to another person while yymtxkbk does not, so yymtxkbk is less talented than gxibp
bzhtegebq leaves heading to another person while yurtbiwqdeuv does not, so yurtbiwqdeuv is less talented than bzhtegebq
hyixzywmo leaves heading to another person while prp does not, so prp is less talented than hyixzywmo
kefslxocyqcd leaves heading to another person while iszsvcgqa does not, so iszsvcgqa is less talented than kefslxocyqcd
ywjcpxlr leaves heading to another person while vafur does not, so ywjcpxlr is not less talented than vafur
xeysv leaves heading to another person while bzttorjogehi does not, so xeysv is not less talented than bzttorjogehi
pbwrwq leaves heading to another person while pykmskjdz does not, so pbwrwq is not less talented than pykmskjdz
tuzhpythq leaves heading to another person while ujrdqblhi does not, so tuzhpythq is not less talented than ujrdqblhi
rrszpcyrup leaves heading to another person while drrjyqaef does not, so rrszpcyrup is not less talented than drrjyqaef
vafur leaves heading to another person while ywjcpxlr does not, so ywjcpxlr is not more talented than vafur
bzttorjogehi leaves heading to another person while xeysv does not, so xeysv is not more talented than bzttorjogehi
pykmskjdz leaves heading to another person while pbwrwq does not, so pbwrwq is not more talented than pykmskjdz
ujrdqblhi leaves heading to another person while tuzhpythq does not, so tuzhpythq is not more talented than ujrdqblhi
drrjyqaef leaves heading to another person while rrszpcyrup does not, so rrszpcyrup is not more talented than drrjyqaef
vtlfqtlh walks toward another person while gsdvr does not, so vtlfqtlh is less engaged than gsdvr
sszgcg walks toward another person while cnhocaznpp does not, so sszgcg is less engaged than cnhocaznpp
hggrvyt walks toward another person while zpmcoy does not, so hggrvyt is less engaged than zpmcoy
zcaxlnng walks toward another person while evw does not, so zcaxlnng is less engaged than evw
akd walks toward another person while czffg does not, so akd is less engaged than czffg
vtlfqtlh walks toward another person while gsdvr does not, so gsdvr is less engaged than vtlfqtlh
sszgcg walks toward another person while cnhocaznpp does not, so cnhocaznpp is less engaged than sszgcg
hggrvyt walks toward another person while zpmcoy does not, so zpmcoy is less engaged than hggrvyt
zcaxlnng walks toward another person while evw does not, so evw is less engaged than zcaxlnng
akd walks toward another person while czffg does not, so czffg is less engaged than akd
xmwxhhzsomo walks toward another person while qsdwisgbo does not, so xmwxhhzsomo is not less engaged than qsdwisgbo
tnsn walks toward another person while zarnsm does not, so tnsn is not less engaged than zarnsm
jrqrewlk walks toward another person while nrzogxc does not, so jrqrewlk is not less engaged than nrzogxc
soblenrhgx walks toward another person while rhlpbof does not, so soblenrhgx is not less engaged than rhlpbof
rldcgdtsqsd walks toward another person while otyopsd does not, so rldcgdtsqsd is not less engaged than otyopsd
qsdwisgbo walks toward another person while xmwxhhzsomo does not, so xmwxhhzsomo is not more engaged than qsdwisgbo
zarnsm walks toward another person while tnsn does not, so tnsn is not more engaged than zarnsm
nrzogxc walks toward another person while jrqrewlk does not, so jrqrewlk is not more engaged than nrzogxc
rhlpbof walks toward another person while soblenrhgx does not, so soblenrhgx is not more engaged than rhlpbof
otyopsd walks toward another person while rldcgdtsqsd does not, so rldcgdtsqsd is not more engaged than otyopsd
egefyuh reads another person's books while eon does not, so egefyuh is more a reader than eon
nwgivz reads another person's books while qhui does not, so nwgivz is more a reader than qhui
okxrdlvhexq reads another person's books while leyyl does not, so okxrdlvhexq is more a reader than leyyl
abzstuztppsu reads another person's books while anzwy does not, so abzstuztppsu is more a reader than anzwy
icgtldp reads another person's books while kwpqnd does not, so icgtldp is more a reader than kwpqnd
egefyuh reads another person's books while eon does not, so eon is less a reader than egefyuh
nwgivz reads another person's books while qhui does not, so qhui is less a reader than nwgivz
okxrdlvhexq reads another person's books while leyyl does not, so leyyl is less a reader than okxrdlvhexq
abzstuztppsu reads another person's books while anzwy does not, so anzwy is less a reader than abzstuztppsu
icgtldp reads another person's books while kwpqnd does not, so kwpqnd is less a reader than icgtldp
ynbtzlhub reads another person's books while obwvd does not, so ynbtzlhub is not less a reader than obwvd
inkv reads another person's books while tvmokc does not, so inkv is not less a reader than tvmokc
nzrmbdic reads another person's books while cwcnzwo does not, so nzrmbdic is not less a reader than cwcnzwo
rgqlxcmdhlvk reads another person's books while fikoggza does not, so rgqlxcmdhlvk is not less a reader than fikoggza
akfhjfvfs reads another person's books while aqq does not, so akfhjfvfs is not less a reader than aqq
obwvd reads another person's books while ynbtzlhub does not, so ynbtzlhub is not more a reader than obwvd
tvmokc reads another person's books while inkv does not, so inkv is not more a reader than tvmokc
cwcnzwo reads another person's books while nzrmbdic does not, so nzrmbdic is not more a reader than cwcnzwo
fikoggza reads another person's books while rgqlxcmdhlvk does not, so rgqlxcmdhlvk is not more a reader than fikoggza
aqq reads another person's books while akfhjfvfs does not, so akfhjfvfs is not more a reader than aqq
whsozkymg gets sick of it while jvcadsbdn does not, so whsozkymg is more sore than jvcadsbdn
uvuhjmcrkzg gets sick of it while gttpd does not, so uvuhjmcrkzg is more sore than gttpd
pnzat gets sick of it while eboi does not, so pnzat is more sore than eboi
nwse gets sick of it while ajst does not, so nwse is more sore than ajst
sfle gets sick of it while kwka does not, so sfle is more sore than kwka
whsozkymg gets sick of it while jvcadsbdn does not, so jvcadsbdn is less sore than whsozkymg
uvuhjmcrkzg gets sick of it while gttpd does not, so gttpd is less sore than uvuhjmcrkzg
pnzat gets sick of it while eboi does not, so eboi is less sore than pnzat
nwse gets sick of it while ajst does not, so ajst is less sore than nwse
sfle gets sick of it while kwka does not, so kwka is less sore than sfle
qduwfliptcde gets sick of it while dfkgpqq does not, so qduwfliptcde is not less sore than dfkgpqq
oyonqakcef gets sick of it while ipc does not, so oyonqakcef is not less sore than ipc
rmllrdcfeeew gets sick of it while rytsqnhxap does not, so rmllrdcfeeew is not less sore than rytsqnhxap
mlaezw gets sick of it while zlbaocban does not, so mlaezw is not less sore than zlbaocban
udahrrrykn gets sick of it while nuxs does not, so udahrrrykn is not less sore than nuxs
dfkgpqq gets sick of it while qduwfliptcde does not, so qduwfliptcde is not more sore than dfkgpqq
ipc gets sick of it while oyonqakcef does not, so oyonqakcef is not more sore than ipc
rytsqnhxap gets sick of it while rmllrdcfeeew does not, so rmllrdcfeeew is not more sore than rytsqnhxap
zlbaocban gets sick of it while mlaezw does not, so mlaezw is not more sore than zlbaocban
nuxs gets sick of it while udahrrrykn does not, so udahrrrykn is not more sore than nuxs
phqtwklmchg hurts another person so much while hgkmjexiqw does not, so phqtwklmchg is more hurtful than hgkmjexiqw
hknkberfjn hurts another person so much while hyhpo does not, so hknkberfjn is more hurtful than hyhpo
dvegtxxx hurts another person so much while csidzxl does not, so dvegtxxx is more hurtful than csidzxl
pwdehsytlmb hurts another person so much while dkejrpugs does not, so pwdehsytlmb is more hurtful than dkejrpugs
ambmzcjwx hurts another person so much while dptnxzjts does not, so ambmzcjwx is more hurtful than dptnxzjts
phqtwklmchg hurts another person so much more than hgkmjexiqw, so hgkmjexiqw is less hurtful than phqtwklmchg
hknkberfjn hurts another person so much more than hyhpo, so hyhpo is less hurtful than hknkberfjn
dvegtxxx hurts another person so much more than csidzxl, so csidzxl is less hurtful than dvegtxxx
pwdehsytlmb hurts another person so much more than dkejrpugs, so dkejrpugs is less hurtful than pwdehsytlmb
ambmzcjwx hurts another person so much more than dptnxzjts, so dptnxzjts is less hurtful than ambmzcjwx
nek hurts another person so much more than gcixhmbxnkqp, so nek is not less hurtful than gcixhmbxnkqp
dppyu hurts another person so much more than mscvambxoei, so dppyu is not less hurtful than mscvambxoei
xxuh hurts another person so much more than plvetb, so xxuh is not less hurtful than plvetb
tnmxdqhkhdw hurts another person so much more than gzagfqfwvgol, so tnmxdqhkhdw is not less hurtful than gzagfqfwvgol
yltep hurts another person so much more than yfogc, so yltep is not less hurtful than yfogc
gcixhmbxnkqp hurts another person so much more than nek, so nek is not more hurtful than gcixhmbxnkqp
mscvambxoei hurts another person so much more than dppyu, so dppyu is not more hurtful than mscvambxoei
plvetb hurts another person so much more than xxuh, so xxuh is not more hurtful than plvetb
gzagfqfwvgol hurts another person so much more than tnmxdqhkhdw, so tnmxdqhkhdw is not more hurtful than gzagfqfwvgol
yfogc hurts another person so much more than yltep, so yltep is not more hurtful than yfogc
epzuhjqof provides another person indication while hioqybsuuw does not, so epzuhjqof is more scholarly than hioqybsuuw
hxg provides another person indication while hkjzgoisqu does not, so hxg is more scholarly than hkjzgoisqu
sbvbwtp provides another person indication while bgg does not, so sbvbwtp is more scholarly than bgg
dpfhpqgmu provides another person indication while zxg does not, so dpfhpqgmu is more scholarly than zxg
itncetlc provides another person indication while lkqqasnpou does not, so itncetlc is more scholarly than lkqqasnpou
epzuhjqof provides another person indication while hioqybsuuw does not, so hioqybsuuw is less scholarly than epzuhjqof
hxg provides another person indication while hkjzgoisqu does not, so hkjzgoisqu is less scholarly than hxg
sbvbwtp provides another person indication while bgg does not, so bgg is less scholarly than sbvbwtp
dpfhpqgmu provides another person indication while zxg does not, so zxg is less scholarly than dpfhpqgmu
itncetlc provides another person indication while lkqqasnpou does not, so lkqqasnpou is less scholarly than itncetlc
krxqkszyluca provides another person indication while kwd does not, so krxqkszyluca is not less scholarly than kwd
qmdbwko provides another person indication while xlwuk does not, so qmdbwko is not less scholarly than xlwuk
aelbowmmwv provides another person indication while ocybzryfyb does not, so aelbowmmwv is not less scholarly than ocybzryfyb
imxpgrxkjvz provides another person indication while mtzxzn does not, so imxpgrxkjvz is not less scholarly than mtzxzn
bupjbobxxxdo provides another person indication while wgwmzsqrjjg does not, so bupjbobxxxdo is not less scholarly than wgwmzsqrjjg
kwd provides another person indication while krxqkszyluca does not, so krxqkszyluca is not more scholarly than kwd
xlwuk provides another person indication while qmdbwko does not, so qmdbwko is not more scholarly than xlwuk
ocybzryfyb provides another person indication while aelbowmmwv does not, so aelbowmmwv is not more scholarly than ocybzryfyb
mtzxzn provides another person indication while imxpgrxkjvz does not, so imxpgrxkjvz is not more scholarly than mtzxzn
wgwmzsqrjjg provides another person indication while bupjbobxxxdo does not, so bupjbobxxxdo is not more scholarly than wgwmzsqrjjg
miikfhuih pulls another person's back while ytwxkbaw does not, so miikfhuih is more helpful than ytwxkbaw
qsf pulls another person's back while xxb does not, so qsf is more helpful than xxb
qseennd pulls another person's back while serkcnvy does not, so qseennd is more helpful than serkcnvy
soyt pulls another person's back while iiejqxckdnd does not, so soyt is more helpful than iiejqxckdnd
qazteqmcxt pulls another person's back while tfppsoo does not, so qazteqmcxt is more helpful than tfppsoo
miikfhuih pulls another person's back while ytwxkbaw does not, so ytwxkbaw is less helpful than miikfhuih
qsf pulls another person's back while xxb does not, so xxb is less helpful than qsf
qseennd pulls another person's back while serkcnvy does not, so serkcnvy is less helpful than qseennd
soyt pulls another person's back while iiejqxckdnd does not, so iiejqxckdnd is less helpful than soyt
qazteqmcxt pulls another person's back while tfppsoo does not, so tfppsoo is less helpful than qazteqmcxt
kkbozddx pulls another person's back while fhiibaszp does not, so kkbozddx is not less helpful than fhiibaszp
bqnjwa pulls another person's back while pmdfbwxzz does not, so bqnjwa is not less helpful than pmdfbwxzz
evftzvxbeft pulls another person's back while nbveucdnweg does not, so evftzvxbeft is not less helpful than nbveucdnweg
tjerla pulls another person's back while qjpfylj does not, so tjerla is not less helpful than qjpfylj
jlmxfbhu pulls another person's back while rudfk does not, so jlmxfbhu is not less helpful than rudfk
fhiibaszp pulls another person's back while kkbozddx does not, so kkbozddx is not more helpful than fhiibaszp
pmdfbwxzz pulls another person's back while bqnjwa does not, so bqnjwa is not more helpful than pmdfbwxzz
nbveucdnweg pulls another person's back while evftzvxbeft does not, so evftzvxbeft is not more helpful than nbveucdnweg
qjpfylj pulls another person's back while tjerla does not, so tjerla is not more helpful than qjpfylj
rudfk pulls another person's back while jlmxfbhu does not, so jlmxfbhu is not more helpful than rudfk
cxlxlct gives another person a hard time while cbvjp does not, so cxlxlct is more sarcastic than cbvjp
vrxotojahi gives another person a hard time while wyolildw does not, so vrxotojahi is more sarcastic than wyolildw
pjvp gives another person a hard time while izycqwkoef does not, so pjvp is more sarcastic than izycqwkoef
joss gives another person a hard time while xckl does not, so joss is more sarcastic than xckl
pvija gives another person a hard time while nihomxyuee does not, so pvija is more sarcastic than nihomxyuee
cxlxlct gives another person a hard time while cbvjp does not, so cbvjp is less sarcastic than cxlxlct
vrxotojahi gives another person a hard time while wyolildw does not, so wyolildw is less sarcastic than vrxotojahi
pjvp gives another person a hard time while izycqwkoef does not, so izycqwkoef is less sarcastic than pjvp
joss gives another person a hard time while xckl does not, so xckl is less sarcastic than joss
pvija gives another person a hard time while nihomxyuee does not, so nihomxyuee is less sarcastic than pvija
mjpnjbrkpav gives another person a hard time while uppyyvdjmsb does not, so mjpnjbrkpav is not less sarcastic than uppyyvdjmsb
chy gives another person a hard time while zapdcqiy does not, so chy is not less sarcastic than zapdcqiy
megaqgwlcpub gives another person a hard time while kkmqlslpr does not, so megaqgwlcpub is not less sarcastic than kkmqlslpr
pes gives another person a hard time while qiw does not, so pes is not less sarcastic than qiw
sjl gives another person a hard time while upvy does not, so sjl is not less sarcastic than upvy
uppyyvdjmsb gives another person a hard time while mjpnjbrkpav does not, so mjpnjbrkpav is not more sarcastic than uppyyvdjmsb
zapdcqiy gives another person a hard time while chy does not, so chy is not more sarcastic than zapdcqiy
kkmqlslpr gives another person a hard time while megaqgwlcpub does not, so megaqgwlcpub is not more sarcastic than kkmqlslpr
qiw gives another person a hard time while pes does not, so pes is not more sarcastic than qiw
upvy gives another person a hard time while sjl does not, so sjl is not more sarcastic than upvy
hcwiica sees a girl while nqwlivpjl does not, so hcwiica is more excited than nqwlivpjl
tupyx sees a girl while sehhzminjznp does not, so tupyx is more excited than sehhzminjznp
pghgessnt sees a girl while fitqu does not, so pghgessnt is more excited than fitqu
qdt sees a girl while zbgxxks does not, so qdt is more excited than zbgxxks
ujdch sees a girl while vytdsq does not, so ujdch is more excited than vytdsq
hcwiica sees a girl while nqwlivpjl does not, so nqwlivpjl is less excited than hcwiica
tupyx sees a girl while sehhzminjznp does not, so sehhzminjznp is less excited than tupyx
pghgessnt sees a girl while fitqu does not, so fitqu is less excited than pghgessnt
qdt sees a girl while zbgxxks does not, so zbgxxks is less excited than qdt
ujdch sees a girl while vytdsq does not, so vytdsq is less excited than ujdch
kelzoxai sees a girl while fek does not, so kelzoxai is not less excited than fek
ozffahmzc sees a girl while huqvg does not, so ozffahmzc is not less excited than huqvg
vimmxjzpx sees a girl while dfxu does not, so vimmxjzpx is not less excited than dfxu
kovcyrxp sees a girl while iydad does not, so kovcyrxp is not less excited than iydad
qhivjvchgtay sees a girl while jxgg does not, so qhivjvchgtay is not less excited than jxgg
fek sees a girl while kelzoxai does not, so kelzoxai is not more excited than fek
huqvg sees a girl while ozffahmzc does not, so ozffahmzc is not more excited than huqvg
dfxu sees a girl while vimmxjzpx does not, so vimmxjzpx is not more excited than dfxu
iydad sees a girl while kovcyrxp does not, so kovcyrxp is not more excited than iydad
jxgg sees a girl while qhivjvchgtay does not, so qhivjvchgtay is not more excited than jxgg
pmrun achieves another person end more than fusfpcegm, so pmrun is more smug than fusfpcegm
nukrrociv achieves another person end more than awhuflizbpqh, so nukrrociv is more smug than awhuflizbpqh
zublcqefofdc achieves another person end more than bhwfwm, so zublcqefofdc is more smug than bhwfwm
ahahfnh achieves another person end more than miyqel, so ahahfnh is more smug than miyqel
wdy achieves another person end more than qwcebya, so wdy is more smug than qwcebya
pmrun achieves another person end more than fusfpcegm, so fusfpcegm is less smug than pmrun
nukrrociv achieves another person end more than awhuflizbpqh, so awhuflizbpqh is less smug than nukrrociv
zublcqefofdc achieves another person end more than bhwfwm, so bhwfwm is less smug than zublcqefofdc
ahahfnh achieves another person end more than miyqel, so miyqel is less smug than ahahfnh
wdy achieves another person end more than qwcebya, so qwcebya is less smug than wdy
srbo achieves another person end more than gzexejigz, so srbo is not more smug than gzexejigz
ttu achieves another person end more than yfqlktp, so ttu is not more smug than yfqlktp
hblin achieves another person end more than ofyotkoig, so hblin is not more smug than ofyotkoig
hgldje achieves another person end more than ioef, so hgldje is not more smug than ioef
dnwcqfnj achieves another person end more than wdtnfgctlaum, so dnwcqfnj is not more smug than wdtnfgctlaum
gzexejigz achieves another person more than srbo, so srbo is not more smug than gzexejigz
yfqlktp achieves another person more than ttu, so ttu is not more smug than yfqlktp
ofyotkoig achieves another person more than hblin, so hblin is not more smug than ofyotkoig
ioef achieves another person more than hgldje, so hgldje is not more smug than ioef
wdtnfgctlaum achieves another person more than dnwcqfnj, so dnwcqfnj is not more smug than wdtnfgctlaum
rkcjnkbziurb gets first place while pvuq does not, so rkcjnkbziurb is more skilled than pvuq
undoorlftx gets first place while kuihd does not, so undoorlftx is more skilled than kuihd
kffx gets first place while ajzkyyuqgxbv does not, so kffx is more skilled than ajzkyyuqgxbv
umenzoyil gets first place while zmg does not, so umenzoyil is more skilled than zmg
dciijptxxzx gets first place while kdifvlko does not, so dciijptxxzx is more skilled than kdifvlko
rkcjnkbziurb gets first place while pvuq does not, so pvuq is less skilled than rkcjnkbziurb
undoorlftx gets first place while kuihd does not, so kuihd is less skilled than undoorlftx
kffx gets first place while ajzkyyuqgxbv does not, so ajzkyyuqgxbv is less skilled than kffx
umenzoyil gets first place while zmg does not, so zmg is less skilled than umenzoyil
dciijptxxzx gets first place while kdifvlko does not, so kdifvlko is less skilled than dciijptxxzx
dafhg gets first place while xlvng does not, so dafhg is not less skilled than xlvng
jju gets first place while qjxollr does not, so jju is not less skilled than qjxollr
xtg gets first place while oyedsnkppjq does not, so xtg is not less skilled than oyedsnkppjq
tfuv gets first place while chjs does not, so tfuv is not less skilled than chjs
ttciauhdukyd gets first place while volxvufe does not, so ttciauhdukyd is not less skilled than volxvufe
xlvng gets first place while dafhg does not, so dafhg is not more skilled than xlvng
qjxollr gets first place while jju does not, so jju is not more skilled than qjxollr
oyedsnkppjq gets first place while xtg does not, so xtg is not more skilled than oyedsnkppjq
chjs gets first place while tfuv does not, so tfuv is not more skilled than chjs
volxvufe gets first place while ttciauhdukyd does not, so ttciauhdukyd is not more skilled than volxvufe
ari feels very proud while fzasmt does not, so ari is more forceful than fzasmt
cnj feels very proud while hqqfgglkj does not, so cnj is more forceful than hqqfgglkj
vonzfdd feels very proud while jjkagxf does not, so vonzfdd is more forceful than jjkagxf
msgysoxmcia feels very proud while luw does not, so msgysoxmcia is more forceful than luw
ffpnpwkfmydp feels very proud while rcikzrcyiuf does not, so ffpnpwkfmydp is more forceful than rcikzrcyiuf
ari feels very proud while fzasmt does not, so fzasmt is less forceful than ari
cnj feels very proud while hqqfgglkj does not, so hqqfgglkj is less forceful than cnj
vonzfdd feels very proud while jjkagxf does not, so jjkagxf is less forceful than vonzfdd
msgysoxmcia feels very proud while luw does not, so luw is less forceful than msgysoxmcia
ffpnpwkfmydp feels very proud while rcikzrcyiuf does not, so rcikzrcyiuf is less forceful than ffpnpwkfmydp
vtndutohttz feels very proud while hugvne does not, so vtndutohttz is not less forceful than hugvne
qwnp feels very proud while duegntnjm does not, so qwnp is not less forceful than duegntnjm
djqkuqecva feels very proud while ycm does not, so djqkuqecva is not less forceful than ycm
isnvseh feels very proud while hwgoghiyytg does not, so isnvseh is not less forceful than hwgoghiyytg
zvqdaok feels very proud while lam does not, so zvqdaok is not less forceful than lam
hugvne feels very proud while vtndutohttz does not, so vtndutohttz is not more forceful than hugvne
duegntnjm feels very proud while qwnp does not, so qwnp is not more forceful than duegntnjm
ycm feels very proud while djqkuqecva does not, so djqkuqecva is not more forceful than ycm
hwgoghiyytg feels very proud while isnvseh does not, so isnvseh is not more forceful than hwgoghiyytg
lam feels very proud while zvqdaok does not, so zvqdaok is not more forceful than lam
ilvp prepares for another person emergency while sdomelgogknt does not, so ilvp is more well-prepared than sdomelgogknt
xxrsqhfuta prepares for another person emergency while kotcgwcyt does not, so xxrsqhfuta is more well-prepared than kotcgwcyt
hmvvhjyddv prepares for another person emergency while dbsgxlx does not, so hmvvhjyddv is more well-prepared than dbsgxlx
qammfelo prepares for another person emergency while dzkqwx does not, so qammfelo is more well-prepared than dzkqwx
alqbuwbytv prepares for another person emergency while qctzgaxnbwr does not, so alqbuwbytv is more well-prepared than qctzgaxnbwr
ilvp prepares for another person emergency while sdomelgogknt does not, so sdomelgogknt is less well-prepared than ilvp
xxrsqhfuta prepares for another person emergency while kotcgwcyt does not, so kotcgwcyt is less well-prepared than xxrsqhfuta
hmvvhjyddv prepares for another person emergency while dbsgxlx does not, so dbsgxlx is less well-prepared than hmvvhjyddv
qammfelo prepares for another person emergency while dzkqwx does not, so dzkqwx is less well-prepared than qammfelo
alqbuwbytv prepares for another person emergency while qctzgaxnbwr does not, so qctzgaxnbwr is less well-prepared than alqbuwbytv
vpqryycgqj prepares for another person emergency while igwppbyppqz does not, so vpqryycgqj is not less well-prepared than igwppbyppqz
xmgojeetfr prepares for another person emergency while fsl does not, so xmgojeetfr is not less well-prepared than fsl
lilwjclat prepares for another person emergency while dvquqfkeiw does not, so lilwjclat is not less well-prepared than dvquqfkeiw
ukwmc prepares for another person emergency while aattxqxvyfo does not, so ukwmc is not less well-prepared than aattxqxvyfo
nihav prepares for another person emergency while gbazp does not, so nihav is not less well-prepared than gbazp
igwppbyppqz prepares for another person emergency more than vpqryycgqj, so vpqryycgqj is not more well-prepared than igwppbyppqz
fsl prepares for another person emergency more than xmgojeetfr, so xmgojeetfr is not more well-prepared than fsl
dvquqfkeiw prepares for another person emergency more than lilwjclat, so lilwjclat is not more well-prepared than dvquqfkeiw
aattxqxvyfo prepares for another person emergency more than ukwmc, so ukwmc is not more well-prepared than aattxqxvyfo
gbazp prepares for another person emergency more than nihav, so nihav is not more well-prepared than gbazp
ztetg plays ice hockey while mcuks does not, so ztetg is more physical than mcuks
ujmvsqmi plays ice hockey while pkqzkfe does not, so ujmvsqmi is more physical than pkqzkfe
djtxljovz plays ice hockey while gyodzaoeeu does not, so djtxljovz is more physical than gyodzaoeeu
jufeu plays ice hockey while pisuggctza does not, so jufeu is more physical than pisuggctza
lircpopx plays ice hockey while iho does not, so lircpopx is more physical than iho
ztetg plays ice hockey while mcuks does not, so mcuks is less physical than ztetg
ujmvsqmi plays ice hockey while pkqzkfe does not, so pkqzkfe is less physical than ujmvsqmi
djtxljovz plays ice hockey while gyodzaoeeu does not, so gyodzaoeeu is less physical than djtxljovz
jufeu plays ice hockey while pisuggctza does not, so pisuggctza is less physical than jufeu
lircpopx plays ice hockey while iho does not, so iho is less physical than lircpopx
nhaukekfgvx plays ice hockey while rnjouf does not, so nhaukekfgvx is not less physical than rnjouf
pmxvuphrpkhl plays ice hockey while ezupgefmgjwi does not, so pmxvuphrpkhl is not less physical than ezupgefmgjwi
ucgufpynul plays ice hockey while vooeo does not, so ucgufpynul is not less physical than vooeo
gsuoqq plays ice hockey while ajh does not, so gsuoqq is not less physical than ajh
btnecxvpwrak plays ice hockey while roqra does not, so btnecxvpwrak is not less physical than roqra
rnjouf plays ice hockey while nhaukekfgvx does not, so nhaukekfgvx is not more physical than rnjouf
ezupgefmgjwi plays ice hockey while pmxvuphrpkhl does not, so pmxvuphrpkhl is not more physical than ezupgefmgjwi
vooeo plays ice hockey while ucgufpynul does not, so ucgufpynul is not more physical than vooeo
ajh plays ice hockey while gsuoqq does not, so gsuoqq is not more physical than ajh
roqra plays ice hockey while btnecxvpwrak does not, so btnecxvpwrak is not more physical than roqra
opyhrlfhtf starts driving while heivpzpuwh does not, so heivpzpuwh is less young than opyhrlfhtf
rgd starts driving while wes does not, so wes is less young than rgd
royl starts driving while lrt does not, so lrt is less young than royl
xlzqavu starts driving while drz does not, so drz is less young than xlzqavu
nso starts driving while spkwqtb does not, so spkwqtb is less young than nso
engwacrrtwz starts driving while mxftaet does not, so engwacrrtwz is not less young than mxftaet
rqn starts driving while wgrbfqzgkn does not, so rqn is not less young than wgrbfqzgkn
oaevgw starts driving while uihthcpkwzu does not, so oaevgw is not less young than uihthcpkwzu
jlzchgtp starts driving while syorvrbg does not, so jlzchgtp is not less young than syorvrbg
pgxlbldcctqt starts driving while mwajjw does not, so pgxlbldcctqt is not less young than mwajjw
eqkvwkhrtt helps another person see while ctyydmxgkr does not, so eqkvwkhrtt is more generous than ctyydmxgkr
cuhq helps another person see while hknukpxvuz does not, so cuhq is more generous than hknukpxvuz
dxxzqod helps another person see while pjqbbirzpgu does not, so dxxzqod is more generous than pjqbbirzpgu
ulhc helps another person see while twx does not, so ulhc is more generous than twx
wcjmm helps another person see while nvaafqs does not, so wcjmm is more generous than nvaafqs
eqkvwkhrtt helps another person see while ctyydmxgkr does not, so ctyydmxgkr is less generous than eqkvwkhrtt
cuhq helps another person see while hknukpxvuz does not, so hknukpxvuz is less generous than cuhq
dxxzqod helps another person see while pjqbbirzpgu does not, so pjqbbirzpgu is less generous than dxxzqod
ulhc helps another person see while twx does not, so twx is less generous than ulhc
wcjmm helps another person see while nvaafqs does not, so nvaafqs is less generous than wcjmm
tfr helps another person see more than hctxxz, so tfr is not less generous than hctxxz
jwfkafba helps another person see more than moxsvsgsl, so jwfkafba is not less generous than moxsvsgsl
xbmbogzznlby helps another person see more than wlpesaaxfly, so xbmbogzznlby is not less generous than wlpesaaxfly
mwolqdiei helps another person see more than kfjirddwoxij, so mwolqdiei is not less generous than kfjirddwoxij
wohxqqbqz helps another person see more than zphezruovr, so wohxqqbqz is not less generous than zphezruovr
hctxxz helps another person see more than tfr, so tfr is not more generous than hctxxz
moxsvsgsl helps another person see more than jwfkafba, so jwfkafba is not more generous than moxsvsgsl
wlpesaaxfly helps another person see more than xbmbogzznlby, so xbmbogzznlby is not more generous than wlpesaaxfly
kfjirddwoxij helps another person see more than mwolqdiei, so mwolqdiei is not more generous than kfjirddwoxij
zphezruovr helps another person see more than wohxqqbqz, so wohxqqbqz is not more generous than zphezruovr
dojyzzkgfcl lives with their father while ysfctlsmrim does not, so ysfctlsmrim is less young than dojyzzkgfcl
oyqsqob lives with their father while sjiwabp does not, so sjiwabp is less young than oyqsqob
wqs lives with their father while cusallupbsoj does not, so cusallupbsoj is less young than wqs
byk lives with their father while vqndpxcvxlk does not, so vqndpxcvxlk is less young than byk
aaoqrf lives with their father while nqawxyq does not, so nqawxyq is less young than aaoqrf
auktplgtsji lives with their father while zozuukamaxaf does not, so auktplgtsji is not less young than zozuukamaxaf
zotwlo lives with their father while yvxclut does not, so zotwlo is not less young than yvxclut
xwxm lives with their father while nzvktknlmwd does not, so xwxm is not less young than nzvktknlmwd
tpzslcv lives with their father while meifvzifoyrk does not, so tpzslcv is not less young than meifvzifoyrk
jrtgiifj lives with their father while vxcdluiezev does not, so jrtgiifj is not less young than vxcdluiezev
zozuukamaxaf lives with their father while auktplgtsji does not, so auktplgtsji is not more young than zozuukamaxaf
yvxclut lives with their father while zotwlo does not, so zotwlo is not more young than yvxclut
nzvktknlmwd lives with their father while xwxm does not, so xwxm is not more young than nzvktknlmwd
meifvzifoyrk lives with their father while tpzslcv does not, so tpzslcv is not more young than meifvzifoyrk
vxcdluiezev lives with their father while jrtgiifj does not, so jrtgiifj is not more young than vxcdluiezev
gdfwauq finds one on sale while hxsolx does not, so gdfwauq is more smart than hxsolx
wrfpyqtyrg finds one on sale while lexicvshudc does not, so wrfpyqtyrg is more smart than lexicvshudc
pppiznyfbtsk finds one on sale while mjchoms does not, so pppiznyfbtsk is more smart than mjchoms
rbyaakmihfw finds one on sale while mxfap does not, so rbyaakmihfw is more smart than mxfap
dac finds one on sale while qcuxjsodwwsb does not, so dac is more smart than qcuxjsodwwsb
gdfwauq finds one on sale while hxsolx does not, so hxsolx is less smart than gdfwauq
wrfpyqtyrg finds one on sale while lexicvshudc does not, so lexicvshudc is less smart than wrfpyqtyrg
pppiznyfbtsk finds one on sale while mjchoms does not, so mjchoms is less smart than pppiznyfbtsk
rbyaakmihfw finds one on sale while mxfap does not, so mxfap is less smart than rbyaakmihfw
dac finds one on sale while qcuxjsodwwsb does not, so qcuxjsodwwsb is less smart than dac
kqj finds one on sale while wiqevvafyf does not, so kqj is not less smart than wiqevvafyf
rtcejva finds one on sale while jasnzaxk does not, so rtcejva is not less smart than jasnzaxk
yvmaxaqz finds one on sale while htf does not, so yvmaxaqz is not less smart than htf
lenjb finds one on sale while zypmckria does not, so lenjb is not less smart than zypmckria
szuuig finds one on sale while aizyzvb does not, so szuuig is not less smart than aizyzvb
wiqevvafyf finds one on sale while kqj does not, so kqj is not more smart than wiqevvafyf
jasnzaxk finds one on sale while rtcejva does not, so rtcejva is not more smart than jasnzaxk
htf finds one on sale while yvmaxaqz does not, so yvmaxaqz is not more smart than htf
zypmckria finds one on sale while lenjb does not, so lenjb is not more smart than zypmckria
aizyzvb finds one on sale while szuuig does not, so szuuig is not more smart than aizyzvb
kyk throws open while iqhenl does not, so kyk is more aggressive than iqhenl
itheegjbugux throws open while namaat does not, so itheegjbugux is more aggressive than namaat
ympniriqitvh throws open while kogtjmadgkek does not, so ympniriqitvh is more aggressive than kogtjmadgkek
nkpwjhxzqa throws open while bcsej does not, so nkpwjhxzqa is more aggressive than bcsej
llbefuwtfhru throws open while zsncmflc does not, so llbefuwtfhru is more aggressive than zsncmflc
kyk throws open while iqhenl does not, so iqhenl is less aggressive than kyk
itheegjbugux throws open while namaat does not, so namaat is less aggressive than itheegjbugux
ympniriqitvh throws open while kogtjmadgkek does not, so kogtjmadgkek is less aggressive than ympniriqitvh
nkpwjhxzqa throws open while bcsej does not, so bcsej is less aggressive than nkpwjhxzqa
llbefuwtfhru throws open while zsncmflc does not, so zsncmflc is less aggressive than llbefuwtfhru
ljpkmksde throws open while gps does not, so ljpkmksde is not less aggressive than gps
fymlkcob throws open while mwcfo does not, so fymlkcob is not less aggressive than mwcfo
qsyd throws open while kkt does not, so qsyd is not less aggressive than kkt
kwhhz throws open while unjpp does not, so kwhhz is not less aggressive than unjpp
skhhblxpw throws open while pzszux does not, so skhhblxpw is not less aggressive than pzszux
gps throws open while ljpkmksde does not, so ljpkmksde is not more aggressive than gps
mwcfo throws open while fymlkcob does not, so fymlkcob is not more aggressive than mwcfo
kkt throws open while qsyd does not, so qsyd is not more aggressive than kkt
unjpp throws open while kwhhz does not, so kwhhz is not more aggressive than unjpp
pzszux throws open while skhhblxpw does not, so skhhblxpw is not more aggressive than pzszux
zqx drinks from a firehose while corlbyvflcs does not, so zqx is more thirsty than corlbyvflcs
shgevdho drinks from a firehose while jjl does not, so shgevdho is more thirsty than jjl
wzoosfsuvbwq drinks from a firehose while wynsr does not, so wzoosfsuvbwq is more thirsty than wynsr
kjpvn drinks from a firehose while icsfulgygji does not, so kjpvn is more thirsty than icsfulgygji
ridq drinks from a firehose while kcmoqzca does not, so ridq is more thirsty than kcmoqzca
zqx drinks from a firehose while corlbyvflcs does not, so corlbyvflcs is less thirsty than zqx
shgevdho drinks from a firehose while jjl does not, so jjl is less thirsty than shgevdho
wzoosfsuvbwq drinks from a firehose while wynsr does not, so wynsr is less thirsty than wzoosfsuvbwq
kjpvn drinks from a firehose while icsfulgygji does not, so icsfulgygji is less thirsty than kjpvn
ridq drinks from a firehose while kcmoqzca does not, so kcmoqzca is less thirsty than ridq
vuzikgxwgqz drinks from a firehose while iujnvva does not, so vuzikgxwgqz is not less thirsty than iujnvva
ksjseacm drinks from a firehose while fxbxkmnk does not, so ksjseacm is not less thirsty than fxbxkmnk
jsmayscycjyt drinks from a firehose while sbzlwo does not, so jsmayscycjyt is not less thirsty than sbzlwo
svggcdd drinks from a firehose while xvk does not, so svggcdd is not less thirsty than xvk
pvzwwlfeubxa drinks from a firehose while ywfqrvmq does not, so pvzwwlfeubxa is not less thirsty than ywfqrvmq
iujnvva drinks from a firehose while vuzikgxwgqz does not, so vuzikgxwgqz is not more thirsty than iujnvva
fxbxkmnk drinks from a firehose while ksjseacm does not, so ksjseacm is not more thirsty than fxbxkmnk
sbzlwo drinks from a firehose while jsmayscycjyt does not, so jsmayscycjyt is not more thirsty than sbzlwo
xvk drinks from a firehose while svggcdd does not, so svggcdd is not more thirsty than xvk
ywfqrvmq drinks from a firehose while pvzwwlfeubxa does not, so pvzwwlfeubxa is not more thirsty than ywfqrvmq
tfmhgbfwqej plays football after school while hawkeal does not, so tfmhgbfwqej is more athletic than hawkeal
zzofwysqe plays football after school while hzqxoik does not, so zzofwysqe is more athletic than hzqxoik
fbivonybndn plays football after school while iyrsptyunq does not, so fbivonybndn is more athletic than iyrsptyunq
huqpcskqwrp plays football after school while zzgbfcamn does not, so huqpcskqwrp is more athletic than zzgbfcamn
pmrugtvhz plays football after school while bbxgvqw does not, so pmrugtvhz is more athletic than bbxgvqw
tfmhgbfwqej plays football after school while hawkeal does not, so hawkeal is less athletic than tfmhgbfwqej
zzofwysqe plays football after school while hzqxoik does not, so hzqxoik is less athletic than zzofwysqe
fbivonybndn plays football after school while iyrsptyunq does not, so iyrsptyunq is less athletic than fbivonybndn
huqpcskqwrp plays football after school while zzgbfcamn does not, so zzgbfcamn is less athletic than huqpcskqwrp
pmrugtvhz plays football after school while bbxgvqw does not, so bbxgvqw is less athletic than pmrugtvhz
zyqk plays football after school while zwuxunurvnfl does not, so zyqk is not less athletic than zwuxunurvnfl
wecuv plays football after school while tlhaodcoaw does not, so wecuv is not less athletic than tlhaodcoaw
fdurmqgzx plays football after school while rhini does not, so fdurmqgzx is not less athletic than rhini
scvnfyqov plays football after school while goikxxhjuayt does not, so scvnfyqov is not less athletic than goikxxhjuayt
uuvjxp plays football after school while cctj does not, so uuvjxp is not less athletic than cctj
zwuxunurvnfl plays football after school while zyqk does not, so zyqk is not more athletic than zwuxunurvnfl
tlhaodcoaw plays football after school while wecuv does not, so wecuv is not more athletic than tlhaodcoaw
rhini plays football after school while fdurmqgzx does not, so fdurmqgzx is not more athletic than rhini
goikxxhjuayt plays football after school while scvnfyqov does not, so scvnfyqov is not more athletic than goikxxhjuayt
cctj plays football after school while uuvjxp does not, so uuvjxp is not more athletic than cctj
utxkxb bothers another person so much while pycj does not, so utxkxb is more childish than pycj
ffeqzsmyj bothers another person so much while dzdzukwisv does not, so ffeqzsmyj is more childish than dzdzukwisv
ovxohppucmi bothers another person so much while gmmyotguapg does not, so ovxohppucmi is more childish than gmmyotguapg
lopnayxqwv bothers another person so much while lfonuen does not, so lopnayxqwv is more childish than lfonuen
lmhsjpmumkq bothers another person so much while enjx does not, so lmhsjpmumkq is more childish than enjx
utxkxb bothers another person so much while pycj does not, so pycj is less childish than utxkxb
ffeqzsmyj bothers another person so much while dzdzukwisv does not, so dzdzukwisv is less childish than ffeqzsmyj
ovxohppucmi bothers another person so much while gmmyotguapg does not, so gmmyotguapg is less childish than ovxohppucmi
lopnayxqwv bothers another person so much while lfonuen does not, so lfonuen is less childish than lopnayxqwv
lmhsjpmumkq bothers another person so much while enjx does not, so enjx is less childish than lmhsjpmumkq
axxowm bothers another person so much more than hsfvjnjctxrk, so axxowm is not less childish than hsfvjnjctxrk
iqof bothers another person so much more than youg, so iqof is not less childish than youg
bgylyutxk bothers another person so much more than gssj, so bgylyutxk is not less childish than gssj
vdxiwjjrcpu bothers another person so much more than hwqbhuddofz, so vdxiwjjrcpu is not less childish than hwqbhuddofz
naxknrgotijq bothers another person so much more than mxgwboev, so naxknrgotijq is not less childish than mxgwboev
hsfvjnjctxrk bothers another person so much more than axxowm, so axxowm is not more childish than hsfvjnjctxrk
youg bothers another person so much more than iqof, so iqof is not more childish than youg
gssj bothers another person so much more than bgylyutxk, so bgylyutxk is not more childish than gssj
hwqbhuddofz bothers another person so much more than vdxiwjjrcpu, so vdxiwjjrcpu is not more childish than hwqbhuddofz
mxgwboev bothers another person so much more than naxknrgotijq, so naxknrgotijq is not more childish than mxgwboev
epbbf gathers together in another person name while bmwvsgiho does not, so epbbf is more concillatory than bmwvsgiho
xvqtkitcde gathers together in another person name while pwwrtu does not, so xvqtkitcde is more concillatory than pwwrtu
sxyvgkgjtgc gathers together in another person name while zfwdcitnkby does not, so sxyvgkgjtgc is more concillatory than zfwdcitnkby
jeqvazw gathers together in another person name while sbymkpdxduav does not, so jeqvazw is more concillatory than sbymkpdxduav
nmqanbhf gathers together in another person name while zvdqacghsoje does not, so nmqanbhf is more concillatory than zvdqacghsoje
epbbf gathers together in another person name while bmwvsgiho does not, so bmwvsgiho is less concillatory than epbbf
xvqtkitcde gathers together in another person name while pwwrtu does not, so pwwrtu is less concillatory than xvqtkitcde
sxyvgkgjtgc gathers together in another person name while zfwdcitnkby does not, so zfwdcitnkby is less concillatory than sxyvgkgjtgc
jeqvazw gathers together in another person name while sbymkpdxduav does not, so sbymkpdxduav is less concillatory than jeqvazw
nmqanbhf gathers together in another person name while zvdqacghsoje does not, so zvdqacghsoje is less concillatory than nmqanbhf
mibq gathers together in another person name while kthhjygpx does not, so mibq is not less concillatory than kthhjygpx
cwfkd gathers together in another person name while xtbqq does not, so cwfkd is not less concillatory than xtbqq
nbirrmelz gathers together in another person name while dsrncclgszl does not, so nbirrmelz is not less concillatory than dsrncclgszl
sdjsbsldorc gathers together in another person name while pklofvlghwxe does not, so sdjsbsldorc is not less concillatory than pklofvlghwxe
zmn gathers together in another person name while fsabg does not, so zmn is not less concillatory than fsabg
kthhjygpx gathers together in another person name more than mibq, so mibq is not more concillatory than kthhjygpx
xtbqq gathers together in another person name more than cwfkd, so cwfkd is not more concillatory than xtbqq
dsrncclgszl gathers together in another person name more than nbirrmelz, so nbirrmelz is not more concillatory than dsrncclgszl
pklofvlghwxe gathers together in another person name more than sdjsbsldorc, so sdjsbsldorc is not more concillatory than pklofvlghwxe
fsabg gathers together in another person name more than zmn, so zmn is not more concillatory than fsabg
tjz does not make the team while bwbzy does, so tjz is more unskilled than bwbzy
unuh does not make the team while zswakkqnopu does, so unuh is more unskilled than zswakkqnopu
egleorisdka does not make the team while toa does, so egleorisdka is more unskilled than toa
pgi does not make the team while tvju does, so pgi is more unskilled than tvju
xwn does not make the team while gmmttkuabjrc does, so xwn is more unskilled than gmmttkuabjrc
tjz does not make the team while bwbzy does, so bwbzy is less unskilled than tjz
unuh does not make the team while zswakkqnopu does, so zswakkqnopu is less unskilled than unuh
egleorisdka does not make the team while toa does, so toa is less unskilled than egleorisdka
pgi does not make the team while tvju does, so tvju is less unskilled than pgi
xwn does not make the team while gmmttkuabjrc does, so gmmttkuabjrc is less unskilled than xwn
hldlogfx does not make the team more than bgdfg, so hldlogfx is not less unskilled than bgdfg
upiykdisegvm does not make the team more than dfudsm, so upiykdisegvm is not less unskilled than dfudsm
gfwdsv does not make the team more than ifjednsaze, so gfwdsv is not less unskilled than ifjednsaze
ftmacdvsgt does not make the team more than gcftkphxmrke, so ftmacdvsgt is not less unskilled than gcftkphxmrke
vzzzjrmhc does not make the team more than afqhtfmqp, so vzzzjrmhc is not less unskilled than afqhtfmqp
bgdfg does not make the team more than hldlogfx, so hldlogfx is not more unskilled than bgdfg
dfudsm does not make the team more than upiykdisegvm, so upiykdisegvm is not more unskilled than dfudsm
ifjednsaze does not make the team more than gfwdsv, so gfwdsv is not more unskilled than ifjednsaze
gcftkphxmrke does not make the team more than ftmacdvsgt, so ftmacdvsgt is not more unskilled than gcftkphxmrke
afqhtfmqp does not make the team more than vzzzjrmhc, so vzzzjrmhc is not more unskilled than afqhtfmqp
dmhsiofshplm would be mad while cbddazurvj would not, so dmhsiofshplm is more apprehensive than cbddazurvj
vyd would be mad while soxgoxrivuc would not, so vyd is more apprehensive than soxgoxrivuc
bnbmenrhngfh would be mad while giwhrgps would not, so bnbmenrhngfh is more apprehensive than giwhrgps
gwxcznic would be mad while nrqstgtanmcf would not, so gwxcznic is more apprehensive than nrqstgtanmcf
ibmdzqofk would be mad while zpdm would not, so ibmdzqofk is more apprehensive than zpdm
dmhsiofshplm would be mad while cbddazurvj would not, so cbddazurvj is less apprehensive than dmhsiofshplm
vyd would be mad while soxgoxrivuc would not, so soxgoxrivuc is less apprehensive than vyd
bnbmenrhngfh would be mad while giwhrgps would not, so giwhrgps is less apprehensive than bnbmenrhngfh
gwxcznic would be mad while nrqstgtanmcf would not, so nrqstgtanmcf is less apprehensive than gwxcznic
ibmdzqofk would be mad while zpdm would not, so zpdm is less apprehensive than ibmdzqofk
tlhdvrmhbtu would be mad while fhmbb would not, so tlhdvrmhbtu is not less apprehensive than fhmbb
oxaqz would be mad while lblytnlsofkr would not, so oxaqz is not less apprehensive than lblytnlsofkr
qemlzprn would be mad while arssizvfikiq would not, so qemlzprn is not less apprehensive than arssizvfikiq
jgsnqvdfmi would be mad while csnmkoi would not, so jgsnqvdfmi is not less apprehensive than csnmkoi
bwwl would be mad while hkwb would not, so bwwl is not less apprehensive than hkwb
fhmbb would be mad while tlhdvrmhbtu is not, so tlhdvrmhbtu is not more apprehensive than fhmbb
lblytnlsofkr would be mad while oxaqz is not, so oxaqz is not more apprehensive than lblytnlsofkr
arssizvfikiq would be mad while qemlzprn is not, so qemlzprn is not more apprehensive than arssizvfikiq
csnmkoi would be mad while jgsnqvdfmi is not, so jgsnqvdfmi is not more apprehensive than csnmkoi
hkwb would be mad while bwwl is not, so bwwl is not more apprehensive than hkwb
dyr makes another person act while ahlzogdkanu does not, so dyr is more clever than ahlzogdkanu
jolkus makes another person act while lfthnbxmcphw does not, so jolkus is more clever than lfthnbxmcphw
awqcvdggnb makes another person act while wqgmuqkxq does not, so awqcvdggnb is more clever than wqgmuqkxq
nlxjkvbluvkc makes another person act while ddzlrprmgmka does not, so nlxjkvbluvkc is more clever than ddzlrprmgmka
nkimsr makes another person act while prjyozvw does not, so nkimsr is more clever than prjyozvw
dyr makes another person act while ahlzogdkanu does not, so ahlzogdkanu is less clever than dyr
jolkus makes another person act while lfthnbxmcphw does not, so lfthnbxmcphw is less clever than jolkus
awqcvdggnb makes another person act while wqgmuqkxq does not, so wqgmuqkxq is less clever than awqcvdggnb
nlxjkvbluvkc makes another person act while ddzlrprmgmka does not, so ddzlrprmgmka is less clever than nlxjkvbluvkc
nkimsr makes another person act while prjyozvw does not, so prjyozvw is less clever than nkimsr
vqsbyzwrmeya makes another person act while wkgkffpnoou does not, so vqsbyzwrmeya is not less clever than wkgkffpnoou
nibiqfeqhmp makes another person act while mxduszw does not, so nibiqfeqhmp is not less clever than mxduszw
gofgkbyp makes another person act while lhokofxhrxw does not, so gofgkbyp is not less clever than lhokofxhrxw
lfvizsrql makes another person act while jnooezqvogy does not, so lfvizsrql is not less clever than jnooezqvogy
joobwfcte makes another person act while uekyiyc does not, so joobwfcte is not less clever than uekyiyc
wkgkffpnoou makes another person act while vqsbyzwrmeya does not, so vqsbyzwrmeya is not more clever than wkgkffpnoou
mxduszw makes another person act while nibiqfeqhmp does not, so nibiqfeqhmp is not more clever than mxduszw
lhokofxhrxw makes another person act while gofgkbyp does not, so gofgkbyp is not more clever than lhokofxhrxw
jnooezqvogy makes another person act while lfvizsrql does not, so lfvizsrql is not more clever than jnooezqvogy
uekyiyc makes another person act while joobwfcte does not, so joobwfcte is not more clever than uekyiyc
ctwt presses upon another person while wtcxlovsw does not, so ctwt is more bold than wtcxlovsw
oamjukgnpy presses upon another person while btj does not, so oamjukgnpy is more bold than btj
jyqcjkd presses upon another person while eoxdgvszr does not, so jyqcjkd is more bold than eoxdgvszr
azmnglgodoyh presses upon another person while vherqmsgspya does not, so azmnglgodoyh is more bold than vherqmsgspya
dqvwnxpcay presses upon another person while hzqx does not, so dqvwnxpcay is more bold than hzqx
ctwt presses upon another person while wtcxlovsw does not, so wtcxlovsw is less bold than ctwt
oamjukgnpy presses upon another person while btj does not, so btj is less bold than oamjukgnpy
jyqcjkd presses upon another person while eoxdgvszr does not, so eoxdgvszr is less bold than jyqcjkd
azmnglgodoyh presses upon another person while vherqmsgspya does not, so vherqmsgspya is less bold than azmnglgodoyh
dqvwnxpcay presses upon another person while hzqx does not, so hzqx is less bold than dqvwnxpcay
uszusqlup presses upon another person while tjpf does not, so uszusqlup is not less bold than tjpf
gjhqmlkssitq presses upon another person while rpzbsodltjos does not, so gjhqmlkssitq is not less bold than rpzbsodltjos
dzjqmoq presses upon another person while ullxovhc does not, so dzjqmoq is not less bold than ullxovhc
twetn presses upon another person while rodlabrjdh does not, so twetn is not less bold than rodlabrjdh
mhrvq presses upon another person while faboa does not, so mhrvq is not less bold than faboa
tjpf presses upon another person while uszusqlup does not, so uszusqlup is not more bold than tjpf
rpzbsodltjos presses upon another person while gjhqmlkssitq does not, so gjhqmlkssitq is not more bold than rpzbsodltjos
ullxovhc presses upon another person while dzjqmoq does not, so dzjqmoq is not more bold than ullxovhc
rodlabrjdh presses upon another person while twetn does not, so twetn is not more bold than rodlabrjdh
faboa presses upon another person while mhrvq does not, so mhrvq is not more bold than faboa
uufsublq runs late for work while sqmtmdysq does not, so uufsublq is more tired than sqmtmdysq
vjnz runs late for work while vcxkixcfzds does not, so vjnz is more tired than vcxkixcfzds
qjmytxjoq runs late for work while wmivj does not, so qjmytxjoq is more tired than wmivj
bszszrr runs late for work while oigq does not, so bszszrr is more tired than oigq
fyzahosjov runs late for work while poo does not, so fyzahosjov is more tired than poo
uufsublq runs late for work while sqmtmdysq does not, so sqmtmdysq is less tired than uufsublq
vjnz runs late for work while vcxkixcfzds does not, so vcxkixcfzds is less tired than vjnz
qjmytxjoq runs late for work while wmivj does not, so wmivj is less tired than qjmytxjoq
bszszrr runs late for work while oigq does not, so oigq is less tired than bszszrr
fyzahosjov runs late for work while poo does not, so poo is less tired than fyzahosjov
oqhjzlqksxfo runs late for work while egs does not, so oqhjzlqksxfo is not less tired than egs
vkpudxjblero runs late for work while wpuxkmzoj does not, so vkpudxjblero is not less tired than wpuxkmzoj
grriywylaku runs late for work while mgvi does not, so grriywylaku is not less tired than mgvi
gghkl runs late for work while nladklnayz does not, so gghkl is not less tired than nladklnayz
wdgluysnmioz runs late for work while jtzbcpcsasxv does not, so wdgluysnmioz is not less tired than jtzbcpcsasxv
egs runs late for work while oqhjzlqksxfo does not, so oqhjzlqksxfo is not more tired than egs
wpuxkmzoj runs late for work while vkpudxjblero does not, so vkpudxjblero is not more tired than wpuxkmzoj
mgvi runs late for work while grriywylaku does not, so grriywylaku is not more tired than mgvi
nladklnayz runs late for work while gghkl does not, so gghkl is not more tired than nladklnayz
jtzbcpcsasxv runs late for work while wdgluysnmioz does not, so wdgluysnmioz is not more tired than jtzbcpcsasxv
ejeixpr spends a penny while apbozoyees does not, so ejeixpr is more budget oriented than apbozoyees
qfwj spends a penny while hcsopn does not, so qfwj is more budget oriented than hcsopn
aacquerp spends a penny while xbcoreo does not, so aacquerp is more budget oriented than xbcoreo
lyqztvlinmn spends a penny while pbag does not, so lyqztvlinmn is more budget oriented than pbag
qjtaekjudvqa spends a penny while krhinjxr does not, so qjtaekjudvqa is more budget oriented than krhinjxr
ejeixpr spends a penny while apbozoyees does not, so apbozoyees is more budget oriented than ejeixpr
qfwj spends a penny while hcsopn does not, so hcsopn is more budget oriented than qfwj
aacquerp spends a penny while xbcoreo does not, so xbcoreo is more budget oriented than aacquerp
lyqztvlinmn spends a penny while pbag does not, so pbag is more budget oriented than lyqztvlinmn
qjtaekjudvqa spends a penny while krhinjxr does not, so krhinjxr is more budget oriented than qjtaekjudvqa
dzivtycyxfe spends a penny while dsshfgem does not, so dzivtycyxfe is not less budget oriented than dsshfgem
dpq spends a penny while bcq does not, so dpq is not less budget oriented than bcq
lyhoeii spends a penny while fygvwkmfcic does not, so lyhoeii is not less budget oriented than fygvwkmfcic
ploll spends a penny while knosntjpw does not, so ploll is not less budget oriented than knosntjpw
hhg spends a penny while rouycfauezeh does not, so hhg is not less budget oriented than rouycfauezeh
dsshfgem spends a penny while dzivtycyxfe does not, so dzivtycyxfe is not less budget oriented than dsshfgem
bcq spends a penny while dpq does not, so dpq is not less budget oriented than bcq
fygvwkmfcic spends a penny while lyhoeii does not, so lyhoeii is not less budget oriented than fygvwkmfcic
knosntjpw spends a penny while ploll does not, so ploll is not less budget oriented than knosntjpw
rouycfauezeh spends a penny while hhg does not, so hhg is not less budget oriented than rouycfauezeh
ujdnwvqswdvq makes sense in terms while wex does not, so ujdnwvqswdvq is more thoughtful than wex
ioihpruhpe makes sense in terms while jsmtfxlja does not, so ioihpruhpe is more thoughtful than jsmtfxlja
zzupleutg makes sense in terms while rrhoqpsbzssf does not, so zzupleutg is more thoughtful than rrhoqpsbzssf
nvwicfuuvh makes sense in terms while uuiiv does not, so nvwicfuuvh is more thoughtful than uuiiv
hlodybcpja makes sense in terms while ltzcqrjkhfp does not, so hlodybcpja is more thoughtful than ltzcqrjkhfp
ujdnwvqswdvq makes sense in terms while wex does not, so wex is less thoughtful than ujdnwvqswdvq
ioihpruhpe makes sense in terms while jsmtfxlja does not, so jsmtfxlja is less thoughtful than ioihpruhpe
zzupleutg makes sense in terms while rrhoqpsbzssf does not, so rrhoqpsbzssf is less thoughtful than zzupleutg
nvwicfuuvh makes sense in terms while uuiiv does not, so uuiiv is less thoughtful than nvwicfuuvh
hlodybcpja makes sense in terms while ltzcqrjkhfp does not, so ltzcqrjkhfp is less thoughtful than hlodybcpja
pmgybmozikip makes sense in terms while antho does not, so pmgybmozikip is not less thoughtful than antho
gugntadwsgat makes sense in terms while ovtnp does not, so gugntadwsgat is not less thoughtful than ovtnp
jajnsx makes sense in terms while nymxuy does not, so jajnsx is not less thoughtful than nymxuy
rumyhkxahzb makes sense in terms while nsnbkg does not, so rumyhkxahzb is not less thoughtful than nsnbkg
dauer makes sense in terms while qgypdajycziq does not, so dauer is not less thoughtful than qgypdajycziq
antho makes sense in terms while pmgybmozikip does not, so pmgybmozikip is not more thoughtful than antho
ovtnp makes sense in terms while gugntadwsgat does not, so gugntadwsgat is not more thoughtful than ovtnp
nymxuy makes sense in terms while jajnsx does not, so jajnsx is not more thoughtful than nymxuy
nsnbkg makes sense in terms while rumyhkxahzb does not, so rumyhkxahzb is not more thoughtful than nsnbkg
qgypdajycziq makes sense in terms while dauer does not, so dauer is not more thoughtful than qgypdajycziq
httc needs practice while bnvm does not, so httc is more studious than bnvm
kdyrbtcwopb needs practice while qqqdpjcq does not, so kdyrbtcwopb is more studious than qqqdpjcq
qyzauuh needs practice while wqsdx does not, so qyzauuh is more studious than wqsdx
fiesrsr needs practice while swevaoqiguv does not, so fiesrsr is more studious than swevaoqiguv
nwikaq needs practice while idrgs does not, so nwikaq is more studious than idrgs
httc needs practice while bnvm does not, so bnvm is less studious than httc
kdyrbtcwopb needs practice while qqqdpjcq does not, so qqqdpjcq is less studious than kdyrbtcwopb
qyzauuh needs practice while wqsdx does not, so wqsdx is less studious than qyzauuh
fiesrsr needs practice while swevaoqiguv does not, so swevaoqiguv is less studious than fiesrsr
nwikaq needs practice while idrgs does not, so idrgs is less studious than nwikaq
kbihz needs practice while bfpc does not, so kbihz is not less studious than bfpc
ttecfrrnnb needs practice while oqvphojlu does not, so ttecfrrnnb is not less studious than oqvphojlu
rrkjnp needs practice while rpbguqwco does not, so rrkjnp is not less studious than rpbguqwco
mducwzc needs practice while wzrflot does not, so mducwzc is not less studious than wzrflot
rccf needs practice while eyyhkgzxsr does not, so rccf is not less studious than eyyhkgzxsr
bfpc needs practice more than kbihz, so kbihz is not more studious than bfpc
oqvphojlu needs practice more than ttecfrrnnb, so ttecfrrnnb is not more studious than oqvphojlu
rpbguqwco needs practice more than rrkjnp, so rrkjnp is not more studious than rpbguqwco
wzrflot needs practice more than mducwzc, so mducwzc is not more studious than wzrflot
eyyhkgzxsr needs practice more than rccf, so rccf is not more studious than eyyhkgzxsr
jwdhf walks around town while bbvgphhsq does not, so jwdhf is a more explorer than bbvgphhsq
gefivaavu walks around town while gvhpquyuupgf does not, so gefivaavu is a more explorer than gvhpquyuupgf
wsxcfdr walks around town while enwfxnnr does not, so wsxcfdr is a more explorer than enwfxnnr
dyfah walks around town while scvo does not, so dyfah is a more explorer than scvo
odermvs walks around town while egvxtjq does not, so odermvs is a more explorer than egvxtjq
jwdhf walks around town while bbvgphhsq does not, so bbvgphhsq is a less explorer than jwdhf
gefivaavu walks around town while gvhpquyuupgf does not, so gvhpquyuupgf is a less explorer than gefivaavu
wsxcfdr walks around town while enwfxnnr does not, so enwfxnnr is a less explorer than wsxcfdr
dyfah walks around town while scvo does not, so scvo is a less explorer than dyfah
odermvs walks around town while egvxtjq does not, so egvxtjq is a less explorer than odermvs
qjefuzyvq walks around town while dkibzgvhq does not, so qjefuzyvq is not less explorer than dkibzgvhq
qyyrann walks around town while fqdksjnkqz does not, so qyyrann is not less explorer than fqdksjnkqz
exju walks around town while ogrkfzimdjz does not, so exju is not less explorer than ogrkfzimdjz
xgxznj walks around town while kgxbuzwwgnf does not, so xgxznj is not less explorer than kgxbuzwwgnf
aachdeny walks around town while dbpvo does not, so aachdeny is not less explorer than dbpvo
dkibzgvhq walks around town while qjefuzyvq does not, so qjefuzyvq is not a more explorer than dkibzgvhq
fqdksjnkqz walks around town while qyyrann does not, so qyyrann is not a more explorer than fqdksjnkqz
ogrkfzimdjz walks around town while exju does not, so exju is not a more explorer than ogrkfzimdjz
kgxbuzwwgnf walks around town while xgxznj does not, so xgxznj is not a more explorer than kgxbuzwwgnf
dbpvo walks around town while aachdeny does not, so aachdeny is not a more explorer than dbpvo
mrxqh moves around a lot while lqoopsawfz does not, so mrxqh is more restless than lqoopsawfz
vdmxlfythrjs moves around a lot while etvf does not, so vdmxlfythrjs is more restless than etvf
jant moves around a lot while pmofceya does not, so jant is more restless than pmofceya
kvbohsvq moves around a lot while drhzhucs does not, so kvbohsvq is more restless than drhzhucs
rcjiao moves around a lot while cgwbt does not, so rcjiao is more restless than cgwbt
mrxqh moves around a lot while lqoopsawfz does not, so lqoopsawfz is less restless than mrxqh
vdmxlfythrjs moves around a lot while etvf does not, so etvf is less restless than vdmxlfythrjs
jant moves around a lot while pmofceya does not, so pmofceya is less restless than jant
kvbohsvq moves around a lot while drhzhucs does not, so drhzhucs is less restless than kvbohsvq
rcjiao moves around a lot while cgwbt does not, so cgwbt is less restless than rcjiao
tmjgw moves around a lot more than oery, so tmjgw is not less restless than oery
lenpfeshho moves around a lot more than orx, so lenpfeshho is not less restless than orx
uuedqlzvv moves around a lot more than folnpwnorzr, so uuedqlzvv is not less restless than folnpwnorzr
aaf moves around a lot more than jgml, so aaf is not less restless than jgml
mopyswhi moves around a lot more than pdar, so mopyswhi is not less restless than pdar
oery moves around a lot more than tmjgw, so tmjgw is not more restless than oery
orx moves around a lot more than lenpfeshho, so lenpfeshho is not more restless than orx
folnpwnorzr moves around a lot more than uuedqlzvv, so uuedqlzvv is not more restless than folnpwnorzr
jgml moves around a lot more than aaf, so aaf is not more restless than jgml
pdar moves around a lot more than mopyswhi, so mopyswhi is not more restless than pdar
njgmuiovjwyv listens to another person talk while vfnrulkltij does not, so njgmuiovjwyv is more observant than vfnrulkltij
ogh listens to another person talk while onivmbgbux does not, so ogh is more observant than onivmbgbux
ulif listens to another person talk while tadppyygjumw does not, so ulif is more observant than tadppyygjumw
vgsubjfaysxk listens to another person talk while pqbinymwkbrf does not, so vgsubjfaysxk is more observant than pqbinymwkbrf
whao listens to another person talk while tptkfzgiwue does not, so whao is more observant than tptkfzgiwue
njgmuiovjwyv listens to another person talk while vfnrulkltij does not, so vfnrulkltij is less observant than njgmuiovjwyv
ogh listens to another person talk while onivmbgbux does not, so onivmbgbux is less observant than ogh
ulif listens to another person talk while tadppyygjumw does not, so tadppyygjumw is less observant than ulif
vgsubjfaysxk listens to another person talk while pqbinymwkbrf does not, so pqbinymwkbrf is less observant than vgsubjfaysxk
whao listens to another person talk while tptkfzgiwue does not, so tptkfzgiwue is less observant than whao
bnhybks listens to another person talk while qdvbpnam does not, so bnhybks is not less observant than qdvbpnam
fnvguhvy listens to another person talk while ixupgccy does not, so fnvguhvy is not less observant than ixupgccy
qbsdhrtcst listens to another person talk while nkoejzahe does not, so qbsdhrtcst is not less observant than nkoejzahe
cwb listens to another person talk while mdyyklqxvji does not, so cwb is not less observant than mdyyklqxvji
mxtibmclp listens to another person talk while pctaqv does not, so mxtibmclp is not less observant than pctaqv
qdvbpnam listens to another person talk while bnhybks does not, so bnhybks is not more observant than qdvbpnam
ixupgccy listens to another person talk while fnvguhvy does not, so fnvguhvy is not more observant than ixupgccy
nkoejzahe listens to another person talk while qbsdhrtcst does not, so qbsdhrtcst is not more observant than nkoejzahe
mdyyklqxvji listens to another person talk while cwb does not, so cwb is not more observant than mdyyklqxvji
pctaqv listens to another person talk while mxtibmclp does not, so mxtibmclp is not more observant than pctaqv
krxgvo rids the bike while tbvtdg does not, so krxgvo is more athletic than tbvtdg
qyljyxxbxcq rids the bike while speif does not, so qyljyxxbxcq is more athletic than speif
ufvl rids the bike while pynxmzbhxg does not, so ufvl is more athletic than pynxmzbhxg
xfguijf rids the bike while oobumfvil does not, so xfguijf is more athletic than oobumfvil
tgehdzrrpley rids the bike while fcbqny does not, so tgehdzrrpley is more athletic than fcbqny
krxgvo rids the bike while tbvtdg does not, so tbvtdg is less athletic than krxgvo
qyljyxxbxcq rids the bike while speif does not, so speif is less athletic than qyljyxxbxcq
ufvl rids the bike while pynxmzbhxg does not, so pynxmzbhxg is less athletic than ufvl
xfguijf rids the bike while oobumfvil does not, so oobumfvil is less athletic than xfguijf
tgehdzrrpley rids the bike while fcbqny does not, so fcbqny is less athletic than tgehdzrrpley
znweicaevgo rids the bike while zskoa does not, so znweicaevgo is not more athletic than zskoa
sidx rids the bike while noycrx does not, so sidx is not more athletic than noycrx
pbhykmcz rids the bike while ridwxgnwg does not, so pbhykmcz is not more athletic than ridwxgnwg
lgkcbusputh rids the bike while hhymehnxq does not, so lgkcbusputh is not more athletic than hhymehnxq
xxbcf rids the bike while oqcoctvljhph does not, so xxbcf is not more athletic than oqcoctvljhph
zskoa rids the bike while znweicaevgo does not, so znweicaevgo is not more athletic than zskoa
noycrx rids the bike while sidx does not, so sidx is not more athletic than noycrx
ridwxgnwg rids the bike while pbhykmcz does not, so pbhykmcz is not more athletic than ridwxgnwg
hhymehnxq rids the bike while lgkcbusputh does not, so lgkcbusputh is not more athletic than hhymehnxq
oqcoctvljhph rids the bike while xxbcf does not, so xxbcf is not more athletic than oqcoctvljhph
omyzejwbnc smells a rat while csb does not, so omyzejwbnc is less dubious than csb
tonvuwfkjktk smells a rat while ftfezleu does not, so tonvuwfkjktk is less dubious than ftfezleu
vottbdz smells a rat while wbhg does not, so vottbdz is less dubious than wbhg
emkqgnyveq smells a rat while flnp does not, so emkqgnyveq is less dubious than flnp
wsammcdoc smells a rat while yqiqnaheg does not, so wsammcdoc is less dubious than yqiqnaheg
omyzejwbnc smells a rat while csb does not, so csb is less dubious than omyzejwbnc
tonvuwfkjktk smells a rat while ftfezleu does not, so ftfezleu is less dubious than tonvuwfkjktk
vottbdz smells a rat while wbhg does not, so wbhg is less dubious than vottbdz
emkqgnyveq smells a rat while flnp does not, so flnp is less dubious than emkqgnyveq
wsammcdoc smells a rat while yqiqnaheg does not, so yqiqnaheg is less dubious than wsammcdoc
uuplbubhuttv smells a rat while qfensmz does not, so uuplbubhuttv is not less dubious than qfensmz
hcq smells a rat while batdhfnfwggd does not, so hcq is not less dubious than batdhfnfwggd
xrkzn smells a rat while lrtiqdub does not, so xrkzn is not less dubious than lrtiqdub
clitbknjv smells a rat while lfiqrrqksgtn does not, so clitbknjv is not less dubious than lfiqrrqksgtn
vbcdj smells a rat while hunznwdmtka does not, so vbcdj is not less dubious than hunznwdmtka
qfensmz smells a rat while uuplbubhuttv does not, so uuplbubhuttv is not more dubious than qfensmz
batdhfnfwggd smells a rat while hcq does not, so hcq is not more dubious than batdhfnfwggd
lrtiqdub smells a rat while xrkzn does not, so xrkzn is not more dubious than lrtiqdub
lfiqrrqksgtn smells a rat while clitbknjv does not, so clitbknjv is not more dubious than lfiqrrqksgtn
hunznwdmtka smells a rat while vbcdj does not, so vbcdj is not more dubious than hunznwdmtka
qfhfvirx loves country music while nwihhfc does not, so qfhfvirx is more simple than nwihhfc
swkiqyq loves country music while ujbs does not, so swkiqyq is more simple than ujbs
xkhmgnbunjsq loves country music while jdgfobyeem does not, so xkhmgnbunjsq is more simple than jdgfobyeem
kmt loves country music while tmz does not, so kmt is more simple than tmz
uxv loves country music while gtvitabofdp does not, so uxv is more simple than gtvitabofdp
qfhfvirx loves country music while nwihhfc does not, so nwihhfc is less simple than qfhfvirx
swkiqyq loves country music while ujbs does not, so ujbs is less simple than swkiqyq
xkhmgnbunjsq loves country music while jdgfobyeem does not, so jdgfobyeem is less simple than xkhmgnbunjsq
kmt loves country music while tmz does not, so tmz is less simple than kmt
uxv loves country music while gtvitabofdp does not, so gtvitabofdp is less simple than uxv
gcizhtvjixi loves country music while lfnjlukqzj does not, so gcizhtvjixi is not less simple than lfnjlukqzj
oaycksnfo loves country music while moewksdt does not, so oaycksnfo is not less simple than moewksdt
rqqbtkwhc loves country music while vevv does not, so rqqbtkwhc is not less simple than vevv
bzwq loves country music while pbiv does not, so bzwq is not less simple than pbiv
qupajuacbdw loves country music while ewyhbtdgztx does not, so qupajuacbdw is not less simple than ewyhbtdgztx
lfnjlukqzj loves country music while gcizhtvjixi does not, so gcizhtvjixi is not more simple than lfnjlukqzj
moewksdt loves country music while oaycksnfo does not, so oaycksnfo is not more simple than moewksdt
vevv loves country music while rqqbtkwhc does not, so rqqbtkwhc is not more simple than vevv
pbiv loves country music while bzwq does not, so bzwq is not more simple than pbiv
ewyhbtdgztx loves country music while qupajuacbdw does not, so qupajuacbdw is not more simple than ewyhbtdgztx
lzoxlm gives another person presents while fvgncxdytum does not, so lzoxlm is more considerate than fvgncxdytum
dhgrww gives another person presents while rava does not, so dhgrww is more considerate than rava
zzfwv gives another person presents while xawdtgoiikk does not, so zzfwv is more considerate than xawdtgoiikk
ymvy gives another person presents while qijhl does not, so ymvy is more considerate than qijhl
jfekrd gives another person presents while xngfw does not, so jfekrd is more considerate than xngfw
lzoxlm gives another person presents while fvgncxdytum does not, so fvgncxdytum is less considerate than lzoxlm
dhgrww gives another person presents while rava does not, so rava is less considerate than dhgrww
zzfwv gives another person presents while xawdtgoiikk does not, so xawdtgoiikk is less considerate than zzfwv
ymvy gives another person presents while qijhl does not, so qijhl is less considerate than ymvy
jfekrd gives another person presents while xngfw does not, so xngfw is less considerate than jfekrd
gcuxlzvvv gives another person presents while mhepq does not, so gcuxlzvvv is not less considerate than mhepq
rxoix gives another person presents while dpjuoh does not, so rxoix is not less considerate than dpjuoh
fyknn gives another person presents while sipkzb does not, so fyknn is not less considerate than sipkzb
pwmsejlkgtig gives another person presents while kvv does not, so pwmsejlkgtig is not less considerate than kvv
nhtl gives another person presents while ptqsvaxq does not, so nhtl is not less considerate than ptqsvaxq
mhepq gives another person presents while gcuxlzvvv does not, so gcuxlzvvv is not more considerate than mhepq
dpjuoh gives another person presents while rxoix does not, so rxoix is not more considerate than dpjuoh
sipkzb gives another person presents while fyknn does not, so fyknn is not more considerate than sipkzb
kvv gives another person presents while pwmsejlkgtig does not, so pwmsejlkgtig is not more considerate than kvv
ptqsvaxq gives another person presents while nhtl does not, so nhtl is not more considerate than ptqsvaxq
vdsiudwqrb teaches another person anything while sgccgrkxasyv does not, so vdsiudwqrb is more helpful than sgccgrkxasyv
ppcvzmv teaches another person anything while rxcfkymievg does not, so ppcvzmv is more helpful than rxcfkymievg
qbz teaches another person anything while kuktb does not, so qbz is more helpful than kuktb
cuuc teaches another person anything while ggkzhl does not, so cuuc is more helpful than ggkzhl
exbj teaches another person anything while ooke does not, so exbj is more helpful than ooke
vdsiudwqrb teaches another person anything while sgccgrkxasyv does not, so sgccgrkxasyv is less helpful than vdsiudwqrb
ppcvzmv teaches another person anything while rxcfkymievg does not, so rxcfkymievg is less helpful than ppcvzmv
qbz teaches another person anything while kuktb does not, so kuktb is less helpful than qbz
cuuc teaches another person anything while ggkzhl does not, so ggkzhl is less helpful than cuuc
exbj teaches another person anything while ooke does not, so ooke is less helpful than exbj
tyhcjmfma teaches another person anything while skxfdsftnpg does not, so tyhcjmfma is not less helpful than skxfdsftnpg
iivwgrbc teaches another person anything while qbwj does not, so iivwgrbc is not less helpful than qbwj
nlujkmmeaxfd teaches another person anything while vmdenxjew does not, so nlujkmmeaxfd is not less helpful than vmdenxjew
rvdgul teaches another person anything while ntykb does not, so rvdgul is not less helpful than ntykb
vsjk teaches another person anything while lfvtmcdzk does not, so vsjk is not less helpful than lfvtmcdzk
skxfdsftnpg teaches another person anything while tyhcjmfma does not, so tyhcjmfma is not more helpful than skxfdsftnpg
qbwj teaches another person anything while iivwgrbc does not, so iivwgrbc is not more helpful than qbwj
vmdenxjew teaches another person anything while nlujkmmeaxfd does not, so nlujkmmeaxfd is not more helpful than vmdenxjew
ntykb teaches another person anything while rvdgul does not, so rvdgul is not more helpful than ntykb
lfvtmcdzk teaches another person anything while vsjk does not, so vsjk is not more helpful than lfvtmcdzk
ywumsyvvddvt is so excited to go while dqddwgkjaubc is not, so ywumsyvvddvt is more brave than dqddwgkjaubc
arlskom is so excited to go while bnhzwm is not, so arlskom is more brave than bnhzwm
xwva is so excited to go while idb is not, so xwva is more brave than idb
izkjwbu is so excited to go while nqv is not, so izkjwbu is more brave than nqv
tzsptkuxscj is so excited to go while wamkpdnupyu is not, so tzsptkuxscj is more brave than wamkpdnupyu
ywumsyvvddvt is so excited to go while dqddwgkjaubc is not, so dqddwgkjaubc is less brave than ywumsyvvddvt
arlskom is so excited to go while bnhzwm is not, so bnhzwm is less brave than arlskom
xwva is so excited to go while idb is not, so idb is less brave than xwva
izkjwbu is so excited to go while nqv is not, so nqv is less brave than izkjwbu
tzsptkuxscj is so excited to go while wamkpdnupyu is not, so wamkpdnupyu is less brave than tzsptkuxscj
hhs is so excited to go while xozlwh is not, so hhs is not less brave than xozlwh
msy is so excited to go while nqbbabtvbbw is not, so msy is not less brave than nqbbabtvbbw
gdgq is so excited to go while gsueoinspqq is not, so gdgq is not less brave than gsueoinspqq
ghcix is so excited to go while kth is not, so ghcix is not less brave than kth
kxojpiqdik is so excited to go while ezgnenoq is not, so kxojpiqdik is not less brave than ezgnenoq
xozlwh is so excited to go, so hhs is not more brave than xozlwh
nqbbabtvbbw is so excited to go, so msy is not more brave than nqbbabtvbbw
gsueoinspqq is so excited to go, so gdgq is not more brave than gsueoinspqq
kth is so excited to go, so ghcix is not more brave than kth
ezgnenoq is so excited to go, so kxojpiqdik is not more brave than ezgnenoq
lgijlnboxdz sings the song while pgcu does not, so lgijlnboxdz is more talented than pgcu
xwrpu sings the song while fpldxtvfu does not, so xwrpu is more talented than fpldxtvfu
uuxfxgpe sings the song while ajxwxzxyezjl does not, so uuxfxgpe is more talented than ajxwxzxyezjl
wexneduc sings the song while cifmyhhp does not, so wexneduc is more talented than cifmyhhp
mlfyqduw sings the song while wqecygylmlil does not, so mlfyqduw is more talented than wqecygylmlil
lgijlnboxdz sings the song while pgcu does not, so pgcu is less talented than lgijlnboxdz
xwrpu sings the song while fpldxtvfu does not, so fpldxtvfu is less talented than xwrpu
uuxfxgpe sings the song while ajxwxzxyezjl does not, so ajxwxzxyezjl is less talented than uuxfxgpe
wexneduc sings the song while cifmyhhp does not, so cifmyhhp is less talented than wexneduc
mlfyqduw sings the song while wqecygylmlil does not, so wqecygylmlil is less talented than mlfyqduw
vaudijtxjyvf sings the song while ajmwq does not, so vaudijtxjyvf is not less talented than ajmwq
hrjpk sings the song while zwlhc does not, so hrjpk is not less talented than zwlhc
fwbnxooshqvc sings the song while aeyefudjerd does not, so fwbnxooshqvc is not less talented than aeyefudjerd
usqsxeyevnc sings the song while htclg does not, so usqsxeyevnc is not less talented than htclg
quz sings the song while qlzrljhhzpae does not, so quz is not less talented than qlzrljhhzpae
ajmwq sings the song while vaudijtxjyvf does not, so vaudijtxjyvf is not more talented than ajmwq
zwlhc sings the song while hrjpk does not, so hrjpk is not more talented than zwlhc
aeyefudjerd sings the song while fwbnxooshqvc does not, so fwbnxooshqvc is not more talented than aeyefudjerd
htclg sings the song while usqsxeyevnc does not, so usqsxeyevnc is not more talented than htclg
qlzrljhhzpae sings the song while quz does not, so quz is not more talented than qlzrljhhzpae
islefnevmf asks another person liked more than txhgxea, so islefnevmf is less insecure than txhgxea
xkhkkg asks another person liked more than gvjgnlp, so xkhkkg is less insecure than gvjgnlp
bydppq asks another person liked more than xwmehpq, so bydppq is less insecure than xwmehpq
olfkogb asks another person liked more than pazdrqpbbq, so olfkogb is less insecure than pazdrqpbbq
jxcg asks another person liked more than tvfxyyov, so jxcg is less insecure than tvfxyyov
islefnevmf asks another person liked more than txhgxea, so txhgxea is less insecure than islefnevmf
xkhkkg asks another person liked more than gvjgnlp, so gvjgnlp is less insecure than xkhkkg
bydppq asks another person liked more than xwmehpq, so xwmehpq is less insecure than bydppq
olfkogb asks another person liked more than pazdrqpbbq, so pazdrqpbbq is less insecure than olfkogb
jxcg asks another person liked more than tvfxyyov, so tvfxyyov is less insecure than jxcg
pjwm asks another person liked more than fovbiaskz, so pjwm is not less insecure than fovbiaskz
rdmyz asks another person liked more than oel, so rdmyz is not less insecure than oel
bdjjjfaao asks another person liked more than hdihi, so bdjjjfaao is not less insecure than hdihi
ojivldvepz asks another person liked more than qknyaoesl, so ojivldvepz is not less insecure than qknyaoesl
qtrvdl asks another person liked more than xqvklsofizf, so qtrvdl is not less insecure than xqvklsofizf
fovbiaskz asks another person liked more than pjwm, so pjwm is not more insecure than fovbiaskz
oel asks another person liked more than rdmyz, so rdmyz is not more insecure than oel
hdihi asks another person liked more than bdjjjfaao, so bdjjjfaao is not more insecure than hdihi
qknyaoesl asks another person liked more than ojivldvepz, so ojivldvepz is not more insecure than qknyaoesl
xqvklsofizf asks another person liked more than qtrvdl, so qtrvdl is not more insecure than xqvklsofizf
yqhivydewp bakes all day while wpoixwuaougj does not, so yqhivydewp is more consistent than wpoixwuaougj
sdwtzdhnfc bakes all day while qfgqobpphgun does not, so sdwtzdhnfc is more consistent than qfgqobpphgun
lfezs bakes all day while gut does not, so lfezs is more consistent than gut
xqat bakes all day while htku does not, so xqat is more consistent than htku
zaldhsj bakes all day while ubo does not, so zaldhsj is more consistent than ubo
yqhivydewp bakes all day while wpoixwuaougj does not, so wpoixwuaougj is less consistent than yqhivydewp
sdwtzdhnfc bakes all day while qfgqobpphgun does not, so qfgqobpphgun is less consistent than sdwtzdhnfc
lfezs bakes all day while gut does not, so gut is less consistent than lfezs
xqat bakes all day while htku does not, so htku is less consistent than xqat
zaldhsj bakes all day while ubo does not, so ubo is less consistent than zaldhsj
octoc bakes all day while khkfgjk does not, so octoc is not less consistent than khkfgjk
bxdqbkzurke bakes all day while kqs does not, so bxdqbkzurke is not less consistent than kqs
jngw bakes all day while kyn does not, so jngw is not less consistent than kyn
jieandep bakes all day while lmkcfsmi does not, so jieandep is not less consistent than lmkcfsmi
xmn bakes all day while insccaai does not, so xmn is not less consistent than insccaai
khkfgjk bakes all day while octoc does not, so octoc is not more consistent than khkfgjk
kqs bakes all day while bxdqbkzurke does not, so bxdqbkzurke is not more consistent than kqs
kyn bakes all day while jngw does not, so jngw is not more consistent than kyn
lmkcfsmi bakes all day while jieandep does not, so jieandep is not more consistent than lmkcfsmi
insccaai bakes all day while xmn does not, so xmn is not more consistent than insccaai
zeh takes their glasses while orkwoa does not, so zeh is more content than orkwoa
esee takes their glasses while ecyqhxstgjtc does not, so esee is more content than ecyqhxstgjtc
nlqpcp takes their glasses while qjdowjiupfn does not, so nlqpcp is more content than qjdowjiupfn
ruflnlsi takes their glasses while rfeek does not, so ruflnlsi is more content than rfeek
moihjcz takes their glasses while uedgkzusul does not, so moihjcz is more content than uedgkzusul
zeh takes their glasses while orkwoa does not, so orkwoa is less content than zeh
esee takes their glasses while ecyqhxstgjtc does not, so ecyqhxstgjtc is less content than esee
nlqpcp takes their glasses while qjdowjiupfn does not, so qjdowjiupfn is less content than nlqpcp
ruflnlsi takes their glasses while rfeek does not, so rfeek is less content than ruflnlsi
moihjcz takes their glasses while uedgkzusul does not, so uedgkzusul is less content than moihjcz
mgnthamrw takes their glasses while lbqhyu does not, so mgnthamrw is not less content than lbqhyu
yrksppfwugc takes their glasses while icbqnwxl does not, so yrksppfwugc is not less content than icbqnwxl
wvrqilohw takes their glasses while hyt does not, so wvrqilohw is not less content than hyt
fwxvozdzx takes their glasses while yeqlarrx does not, so fwxvozdzx is not less content than yeqlarrx
foc takes their glasses while swekfczoepsj does not, so foc is not less content than swekfczoepsj
lbqhyu takes their glasses while mgnthamrw does not, so mgnthamrw is not more content than lbqhyu
icbqnwxl takes their glasses while yrksppfwugc does not, so yrksppfwugc is not more content than icbqnwxl
hyt takes their glasses while wvrqilohw does not, so wvrqilohw is not more content than hyt
yeqlarrx takes their glasses while fwxvozdzx does not, so fwxvozdzx is not more content than yeqlarrx
swekfczoepsj takes their glasses while foc does not, so foc is not more content than swekfczoepsj
ztkqxd smells so bad while tfccqdzwnwt does not, so ztkqxd is more stinky than tfccqdzwnwt
syeypilpycr smells so bad while xbngj does not, so syeypilpycr is more stinky than xbngj
wxnkcopmt smells so bad while wdwjj does not, so wxnkcopmt is more stinky than wdwjj
tbfrrmk smells so bad while pdcikljrgwc does not, so tbfrrmk is more stinky than pdcikljrgwc
cjojd smells so bad while zhdwknag does not, so cjojd is more stinky than zhdwknag
ztkqxd smells so bad while tfccqdzwnwt does not, so tfccqdzwnwt is less stinky than ztkqxd
syeypilpycr smells so bad while xbngj does not, so xbngj is less stinky than syeypilpycr
wxnkcopmt smells so bad while wdwjj does not, so wdwjj is less stinky than wxnkcopmt
tbfrrmk smells so bad while pdcikljrgwc does not, so pdcikljrgwc is less stinky than tbfrrmk
cjojd smells so bad while zhdwknag does not, so zhdwknag is less stinky than cjojd
ozno smells so bad while yrvf does not, so ozno is not less stinky than yrvf
bukemtxbbd smells so bad while ytkcvzs does not, so bukemtxbbd is not less stinky than ytkcvzs
vsoakyg smells so bad while ncha does not, so vsoakyg is not less stinky than ncha
keaxtvvcg smells so bad while gmkhsndwoy does not, so keaxtvvcg is not less stinky than gmkhsndwoy
thabjkdp smells so bad while llbymdun does not, so thabjkdp is not less stinky than llbymdun
yrvf smells so bad while ozno does not, so ozno is not more stinky than yrvf
ytkcvzs smells so bad while bukemtxbbd does not, so bukemtxbbd is not more stinky than ytkcvzs
ncha smells so bad while vsoakyg does not, so vsoakyg is not more stinky than ncha
gmkhsndwoy smells so bad while keaxtvvcg does not, so keaxtvvcg is not more stinky than gmkhsndwoy
llbymdun smells so bad while thabjkdp does not, so thabjkdp is not more stinky than llbymdun
swzrgc plays videogames while xsn does not, so swzrgc is more entertainment seeking than xsn
zptabahqhdq plays videogames while qmgnlutk does not, so zptabahqhdq is more entertainment seeking than qmgnlutk
tmj plays videogames while uwmrmny does not, so tmj is more entertainment seeking than uwmrmny
eyztlktfdyo plays videogames while huhrkgnhnw does not, so eyztlktfdyo is more entertainment seeking than huhrkgnhnw
jrhbumzzjufh plays videogames while qyukxscrchs does not, so jrhbumzzjufh is more entertainment seeking than qyukxscrchs
swzrgc plays videogames while xsn does not, so xsn is less entertainment seeking than swzrgc
zptabahqhdq plays videogames while qmgnlutk does not, so qmgnlutk is less entertainment seeking than zptabahqhdq
tmj plays videogames while uwmrmny does not, so uwmrmny is less entertainment seeking than tmj
eyztlktfdyo plays videogames while huhrkgnhnw does not, so huhrkgnhnw is less entertainment seeking than eyztlktfdyo
jrhbumzzjufh plays videogames while qyukxscrchs does not, so qyukxscrchs is less entertainment seeking than jrhbumzzjufh
bxawtolkmyca plays videogames while dwiignlrwr does not, so bxawtolkmyca is not less entertainment seeking than dwiignlrwr
pbazfe plays videogames while omuqivxgnjp does not, so pbazfe is not less entertainment seeking than omuqivxgnjp
zfkjatvsgtm plays videogames while pjgpaycffdy does not, so zfkjatvsgtm is not less entertainment seeking than pjgpaycffdy
qvwjwlpz plays videogames while besodglqej does not, so qvwjwlpz is not less entertainment seeking than besodglqej
qzvsdvibb plays videogames while gxlhpsxm does not, so qzvsdvibb is not less entertainment seeking than gxlhpsxm
dwiignlrwr plays videogames while bxawtolkmyca does not, so bxawtolkmyca is not more entertainment seeking than dwiignlrwr
omuqivxgnjp plays videogames while pbazfe does not, so pbazfe is not more entertainment seeking than omuqivxgnjp
pjgpaycffdy plays videogames while zfkjatvsgtm does not, so zfkjatvsgtm is not more entertainment seeking than pjgpaycffdy
besodglqej plays videogames while qvwjwlpz does not, so qvwjwlpz is not more entertainment seeking than besodglqej
gxlhpsxm plays videogames while qzvsdvibb does not, so qzvsdvibb is not more entertainment seeking than gxlhpsxm
pcvamyvryyf loses their glasses while xqt does not, so pcvamyvryyf is more careless than xqt
yygikwvp loses their glasses while fpwhw does not, so yygikwvp is more careless than fpwhw
tnxfwfkf loses their glasses while uihsvghfr does not, so tnxfwfkf is more careless than uihsvghfr
dpysxwwprmkb loses their glasses while ninh does not, so dpysxwwprmkb is more careless than ninh
trvu loses their glasses while fpdvni does not, so trvu is more careless than fpdvni
pcvamyvryyf loses their glasses while xqt does not, so xqt is less careless than pcvamyvryyf
yygikwvp loses their glasses while fpwhw does not, so fpwhw is less careless than yygikwvp
tnxfwfkf loses their glasses while uihsvghfr does not, so uihsvghfr is less careless than tnxfwfkf
dpysxwwprmkb loses their glasses while ninh does not, so ninh is less careless than dpysxwwprmkb
trvu loses their glasses while fpdvni does not, so fpdvni is less careless than trvu
bwrnitvcbiuh loses their glasses while vwdowsozshwv does not, so bwrnitvcbiuh is not less careless than vwdowsozshwv
mglhfvb loses their glasses while dceckvg does not, so mglhfvb is not less careless than dceckvg
rwdi loses their glasses while upfx does not, so rwdi is not less careless than upfx
pcu loses their glasses while mycngbjnpx does not, so pcu is not less careless than mycngbjnpx
bolppqnxmhwt loses their glasses while eqfateir does not, so bolppqnxmhwt is not less careless than eqfateir
vwdowsozshwv loses their glasses while bwrnitvcbiuh does not, so bwrnitvcbiuh is not more careless than vwdowsozshwv
dceckvg loses their glasses while mglhfvb does not, so mglhfvb is not more careless than dceckvg
upfx loses their glasses while rwdi does not, so rwdi is not more careless than upfx
mycngbjnpx loses their glasses while pcu does not, so pcu is not more careless than mycngbjnpx
eqfateir loses their glasses while bolppqnxmhwt does not, so bolppqnxmhwt is not more careless than eqfateir
tschinobgf looks in another person's eyes while zlsoaszhghe does not, so tschinobgf is more beautiful than zlsoaszhghe
qkbofwfm looks in another person's eyes while uqc does not, so qkbofwfm is more beautiful than uqc
yncxfzijsv looks in another person's eyes while vhhudczpmr does not, so yncxfzijsv is more beautiful than vhhudczpmr
ubitkrhyhrt looks in another person's eyes while fghvwwirluyi does not, so ubitkrhyhrt is more beautiful than fghvwwirluyi
qkp looks in another person's eyes while dlhgvj does not, so qkp is more beautiful than dlhgvj
tschinobgf looks in another person's eyes while zlsoaszhghe does not, so zlsoaszhghe is less beautiful than tschinobgf
qkbofwfm looks in another person's eyes while uqc does not, so uqc is less beautiful than qkbofwfm
yncxfzijsv looks in another person's eyes while vhhudczpmr does not, so vhhudczpmr is less beautiful than yncxfzijsv
ubitkrhyhrt looks in another person's eyes while fghvwwirluyi does not, so fghvwwirluyi is less beautiful than ubitkrhyhrt
qkp looks in another person's eyes while dlhgvj does not, so dlhgvj is less beautiful than qkp
urdaqn looks in another person's eyes while aqdmx does not, so urdaqn is not less beautiful than aqdmx
bunhieq looks in another person's eyes while ctb does not, so bunhieq is not less beautiful than ctb
mflpi looks in another person's eyes while rmio does not, so mflpi is not less beautiful than rmio
rosccgyaqanb looks in another person's eyes while ihhjwnvt does not, so rosccgyaqanb is not less beautiful than ihhjwnvt
yymwkdendhl looks in another person's eyes while mqfooai does not, so yymwkdendhl is not less beautiful than mqfooai
aqdmx looks in another person's eyes while urdaqn does not, so urdaqn is not more beautiful than aqdmx
ctb looks in another person's eyes while bunhieq does not, so bunhieq is not more beautiful than ctb
rmio looks in another person's eyes while mflpi does not, so mflpi is not more beautiful than rmio
ihhjwnvt looks in another person's eyes while rosccgyaqanb does not, so rosccgyaqanb is not more beautiful than ihhjwnvt
mqfooai looks in another person's eyes while yymwkdendhl does not, so yymwkdendhl is not more beautiful than mqfooai
mzghoanvdpb feels a lump while oaxnh does not, so mzghoanvdpb is more concerned than oaxnh
nob feels a lump while yboo does not, so nob is more concerned than yboo
nmyffzpvi feels a lump while msf does not, so nmyffzpvi is more concerned than msf
jkx feels a lump while mpmti does not, so jkx is more concerned than mpmti
ewanuopeq feels a lump while jnwkd does not, so ewanuopeq is more concerned than jnwkd
mzghoanvdpb feels a lump while oaxnh does not, so oaxnh is less concerned than mzghoanvdpb
nob feels a lump while yboo does not, so yboo is less concerned than nob
nmyffzpvi feels a lump while msf does not, so msf is less concerned than nmyffzpvi
jkx feels a lump while mpmti does not, so mpmti is less concerned than jkx
ewanuopeq feels a lump while jnwkd does not, so jnwkd is less concerned than ewanuopeq
kxrvuwlbquv feels a lump while fqwlaig does not, so kxrvuwlbquv is not less concerned than fqwlaig
uytiwafy feels a lump while zvmm does not, so uytiwafy is not less concerned than zvmm
fnlnnttcfbn feels a lump while etrixtsquahm does not, so fnlnnttcfbn is not less concerned than etrixtsquahm
ddmmuwwwbprp feels a lump while jgixdfc does not, so ddmmuwwwbprp is not less concerned than jgixdfc
bqwn feels a lump while zhuqeptskh does not, so bqwn is not less concerned than zhuqeptskh
fqwlaig feels a lump while kxrvuwlbquv does not, so kxrvuwlbquv is not more concerned than fqwlaig
zvmm feels a lump while uytiwafy does not, so uytiwafy is not more concerned than zvmm
etrixtsquahm feels a lump while fnlnnttcfbn does not, so fnlnnttcfbn is not more concerned than etrixtsquahm
jgixdfc feels a lump while ddmmuwwwbprp does not, so ddmmuwwwbprp is not more concerned than jgixdfc
zhuqeptskh feels a lump while bqwn does not, so bqwn is not more concerned than zhuqeptskh
wddyxui never listened while hwmng did, so wddyxui is more undisciplined than hwmng
owvfl never listened while cwzdkrv did, so owvfl is more undisciplined than cwzdkrv
xju never listened while zehrvqdlapzz did, so xju is more undisciplined than zehrvqdlapzz
pohpy never listened while zqg did, so pohpy is more undisciplined than zqg
ietvkys never listened while ncdmudlco did, so ietvkys is more undisciplined than ncdmudlco
wddyxui never listened while hwmng did, so hwmng is less undisciplined than wddyxui
owvfl never listened while cwzdkrv did, so cwzdkrv is less undisciplined than owvfl
xju never listened while zehrvqdlapzz did, so zehrvqdlapzz is less undisciplined than xju
pohpy never listened while zqg did, so zqg is less undisciplined than pohpy
ietvkys never listened while ncdmudlco did, so ncdmudlco is less undisciplined than ietvkys
yzooemygerd never listened while hug did, so yzooemygerd is not less undisciplined than hug
cvmdxmjnri never listened while pxqexpdpivcy did, so cvmdxmjnri is not less undisciplined than pxqexpdpivcy
msi never listened while xdngmrvml did, so msi is not less undisciplined than xdngmrvml
dqmfagezvg never listened while lkf did, so dqmfagezvg is not less undisciplined than lkf
izj never listened while muzctikxe did, so izj is not less undisciplined than muzctikxe
hug never listened while yzooemygerd did, so yzooemygerd is not more undisciplined than hug
pxqexpdpivcy never listened while cvmdxmjnri did, so cvmdxmjnri is not more undisciplined than pxqexpdpivcy
xdngmrvml never listened while msi did, so msi is not more undisciplined than xdngmrvml
lkf never listened while dqmfagezvg did, so dqmfagezvg is not more undisciplined than lkf
muzctikxe never listened while izj did, so izj is not more undisciplined than muzctikxe
qntou calls the cops while nzjymifkbhef does not, so qntou is more honest than nzjymifkbhef
oca calls the cops while yvq does not, so oca is more honest than yvq
tbmuln calls the cops while usaihj does not, so tbmuln is more honest than usaihj
duwofwqgqkqd calls the cops while tpfb does not, so duwofwqgqkqd is more honest than tpfb
prtxob calls the cops while hegjwtgs does not, so prtxob is more honest than hegjwtgs
qntou calls the cops while nzjymifkbhef does not, so nzjymifkbhef is less honest than qntou
oca calls the cops while yvq does not, so yvq is less honest than oca
tbmuln calls the cops while usaihj does not, so usaihj is less honest than tbmuln
duwofwqgqkqd calls the cops while tpfb does not, so tpfb is less honest than duwofwqgqkqd
prtxob calls the cops while hegjwtgs does not, so hegjwtgs is less honest than prtxob
vfogfwvgm calls the cops while huwdaaaphwaw does not, so vfogfwvgm is not less honest than huwdaaaphwaw
jwj calls the cops while vegymigym does not, so jwj is not less honest than vegymigym
woqbfk calls the cops while hrblufgro does not, so woqbfk is not less honest than hrblufgro
tijheke calls the cops while yzkzmwomqb does not, so tijheke is not less honest than yzkzmwomqb
wtuwmadkkp calls the cops while uaibtweakhnw does not, so wtuwmadkkp is not less honest than uaibtweakhnw
huwdaaaphwaw calls the cops while vfogfwvgm does not, so vfogfwvgm is not more honest than huwdaaaphwaw
vegymigym calls the cops while jwj does not, so jwj is not more honest than vegymigym
hrblufgro calls the cops while woqbfk does not, so woqbfk is not more honest than hrblufgro
yzkzmwomqb calls the cops while tijheke does not, so tijheke is not more honest than yzkzmwomqb
uaibtweakhnw calls the cops while wtuwmadkkp does not, so wtuwmadkkp is not more honest than uaibtweakhnw
lsd leaves the country while nwqgrdteqj does not, so lsd is more likely to be fleeing than nwqgrdteqj
rfahsub leaves the country while thdqnnsugi does not, so rfahsub is more likely to be fleeing than thdqnnsugi
lxphzueyr leaves the country while ddneyxenhzk does not, so lxphzueyr is more likely to be fleeing than ddneyxenhzk
yogwcsrdv leaves the country while csongobogt does not, so yogwcsrdv is more likely to be fleeing than csongobogt
ywfjumxk leaves the country while mkmfigxsuc does not, so ywfjumxk is more likely to be fleeing than mkmfigxsuc
lsd leaves the country while nwqgrdteqj does not, so nwqgrdteqj is less likely to be fleeing than lsd
rfahsub leaves the country while thdqnnsugi does not, so thdqnnsugi is less likely to be fleeing than rfahsub
lxphzueyr leaves the country while ddneyxenhzk does not, so ddneyxenhzk is less likely to be fleeing than lxphzueyr
yogwcsrdv leaves the country while csongobogt does not, so csongobogt is less likely to be fleeing than yogwcsrdv
ywfjumxk leaves the country while mkmfigxsuc does not, so mkmfigxsuc is less likely to be fleeing than ywfjumxk
uqqks leaves the country while bnann does not, so uqqks is not less likely to be fleeing than bnann
drlnxd leaves the country while ihbdytlaopvc does not, so drlnxd is not less likely to be fleeing than ihbdytlaopvc
wpsrajrzxi leaves the country while zqgqo does not, so wpsrajrzxi is not less likely to be fleeing than zqgqo
tatkahqzj leaves the country while awman does not, so tatkahqzj is not less likely to be fleeing than awman
vzhqa leaves the country while mfkd does not, so vzhqa is not less likely to be fleeing than mfkd
bnann leaves the country while uqqks does not, so uqqks is not more likely to be fleeing than bnann
ihbdytlaopvc leaves the country while drlnxd does not, so drlnxd is not more likely to be fleeing than ihbdytlaopvc
zqgqo leaves the country while wpsrajrzxi does not, so wpsrajrzxi is not more likely to be fleeing than zqgqo
awman leaves the country while tatkahqzj does not, so tatkahqzj is not more likely to be fleeing than awman
mfkd leaves the country while vzhqa does not, so vzhqa is not more likely to be fleeing than mfkd
mxtijrldepa brings another person back to life while pcojgcu does not, so mxtijrldepa is more skilled than pcojgcu
uad brings another person back to life while ewgnfshidpc does not, so uad is more skilled than ewgnfshidpc
bjh brings another person back to life while qjygrkayqhz does not, so bjh is more skilled than qjygrkayqhz
pqfoxps brings another person back to life while ydpkt does not, so pqfoxps is more skilled than ydpkt
hytgq brings another person back to life while hzyovh does not, so hytgq is more skilled than hzyovh
mxtijrldepa brings another person back to life while pcojgcu does not, so pcojgcu is less skilled than mxtijrldepa
uad brings another person back to life while ewgnfshidpc does not, so ewgnfshidpc is less skilled than uad
bjh brings another person back to life while qjygrkayqhz does not, so qjygrkayqhz is less skilled than bjh
pqfoxps brings another person back to life while ydpkt does not, so ydpkt is less skilled than pqfoxps
hytgq brings another person back to life while hzyovh does not, so hzyovh is less skilled than hytgq
amiaororm brings another person back to life while zpepjehe does not, so amiaororm is not less skilled than zpepjehe
mdgelhy brings another person back to life while ygcgl does not, so mdgelhy is not less skilled than ygcgl
iitthv brings another person back to life while ppqr does not, so iitthv is not less skilled than ppqr
vnckencorptl brings another person back to life while hdzinerqs does not, so vnckencorptl is not less skilled than hdzinerqs
sefyrbzsj brings another person back to life while vnkxwyobwvbf does not, so sefyrbzsj is not less skilled than vnkxwyobwvbf
zpepjehe brings another person back to life while amiaororm does not, so amiaororm is not more skilled than zpepjehe
ygcgl brings another person back to life while mdgelhy does not, so mdgelhy is not more skilled than ygcgl
ppqr brings another person back to life while iitthv does not, so iitthv is not more skilled than ppqr
hdzinerqs brings another person back to life while vnckencorptl does not, so vnckencorptl is not more skilled than hdzinerqs
vnkxwyobwvbf brings another person back to life while sefyrbzsj does not, so sefyrbzsj is not more skilled than vnkxwyobwvbf
arc replaces the bulb while lkptht does not, so arc is more competent than lkptht
sqme replaces the bulb while piprcxi does not, so sqme is more competent than piprcxi
oqhxymyo replaces the bulb while nnauxk does not, so oqhxymyo is more competent than nnauxk
qtrg replaces the bulb while zqpmokxfg does not, so qtrg is more competent than zqpmokxfg
laq replaces the bulb while rfero does not, so laq is more competent than rfero
arc replaces the bulb while lkptht does not, so lkptht is less competent than arc
sqme replaces the bulb while piprcxi does not, so piprcxi is less competent than sqme
oqhxymyo replaces the bulb while nnauxk does not, so nnauxk is less competent than oqhxymyo
qtrg replaces the bulb while zqpmokxfg does not, so zqpmokxfg is less competent than qtrg
laq replaces the bulb while rfero does not, so rfero is less competent than laq
ptgzo replaces the bulb while fuehpyqu does not, so ptgzo is not less competent than fuehpyqu
gcjdoi replaces the bulb while fqmlt does not, so gcjdoi is not less competent than fqmlt
dtyo replaces the bulb while klznwv does not, so dtyo is not less competent than klznwv
uijqzukxylfj replaces the bulb while pkiyfz does not, so uijqzukxylfj is not less competent than pkiyfz
oldy replaces the bulb while weftpyet does not, so oldy is not less competent than weftpyet
fuehpyqu replaces the bulb while ptgzo does not, so ptgzo is not more competent than fuehpyqu
fqmlt replaces the bulb while gcjdoi does not, so gcjdoi is not more competent than fqmlt
klznwv replaces the bulb while dtyo does not, so dtyo is not more competent than klznwv
pkiyfz replaces the bulb while uijqzukxylfj does not, so uijqzukxylfj is not more competent than pkiyfz
weftpyet replaces the bulb while oldy does not, so oldy is not more competent than weftpyet
eawqm depends upon the temperature while jdjxtiedblxo does not, so eawqm is less reliable than jdjxtiedblxo
isklo depends upon the temperature while gebp does not, so isklo is less reliable than gebp
yedj depends upon the temperature while ouvvrocc does not, so yedj is less reliable than ouvvrocc
lqph depends upon the temperature while ren does not, so lqph is less reliable than ren
jquqmiqrxjxs depends upon the temperature while uerp does not, so jquqmiqrxjxs is less reliable than uerp
eawqm depends upon the temperature while jdjxtiedblxo does not, so jdjxtiedblxo is more reliable than eawqm
isklo depends upon the temperature while gebp does not, so gebp is more reliable than isklo
yedj depends upon the temperature while ouvvrocc does not, so ouvvrocc is more reliable than yedj
lqph depends upon the temperature while ren does not, so ren is more reliable than lqph
jquqmiqrxjxs depends upon the temperature while uerp does not, so uerp is more reliable than jquqmiqrxjxs
jvthykmn depends upon the temperature while qlsn does not, so jvthykmn is not more reliable than qlsn
zjzbp depends upon the temperature while dbivpczz does not, so zjzbp is not more reliable than dbivpczz
tskomwswu depends upon the temperature while noxsjaqkepi does not, so tskomwswu is not more reliable than noxsjaqkepi
xozc depends upon the temperature while sbemjxvla does not, so xozc is not more reliable than sbemjxvla
rjdniz depends upon the temperature while uxbtjvld does not, so rjdniz is not more reliable than uxbtjvld
qlsn depends upon the temperature while jvthykmn does not, so jvthykmn is not more reliable than qlsn
dbivpczz depends upon the temperature while zjzbp does not, so zjzbp is not more reliable than dbivpczz
noxsjaqkepi depends upon the temperature while tskomwswu does not, so tskomwswu is not more reliable than noxsjaqkepi
sbemjxvla depends upon the temperature while xozc does not, so xozc is not more reliable than sbemjxvla
uxbtjvld depends upon the temperature while rjdniz does not, so rjdniz is not more reliable than uxbtjvld
yykmknnxwlfx worships the ground another person walks on more than fptsl, so yykmknnxwlfx is more fawning than fptsl
tihrwdwyfs worships the ground another person walks on more than efti, so tihrwdwyfs is more fawning than efti
thpfwh worships the ground another person walks on more than guhxnuq, so thpfwh is more fawning than guhxnuq
lpufphglehok worships the ground another person walks on more than zoqnmvecxu, so lpufphglehok is more fawning than zoqnmvecxu
mhhdwnoiqg worships the ground another person walks on more than iwyyu, so mhhdwnoiqg is more fawning than iwyyu
yykmknnxwlfx worships the ground another person walks on more than fptsl, so fptsl is less fawning than yykmknnxwlfx
tihrwdwyfs worships the ground another person walks on more than efti, so efti is less fawning than tihrwdwyfs
thpfwh worships the ground another person walks on more than guhxnuq, so guhxnuq is less fawning than thpfwh
lpufphglehok worships the ground another person walks on more than zoqnmvecxu, so zoqnmvecxu is less fawning than lpufphglehok
mhhdwnoiqg worships the ground another person walks on more than iwyyu, so iwyyu is less fawning than mhhdwnoiqg
smtgo worships the ground another person walks on more than elaeddaa, so smtgo is not less fawning than elaeddaa
qcmfmauat worships the ground another person walks on more than vata, so qcmfmauat is not less fawning than vata
echeofg worships the ground another person walks on more than hxf, so echeofg is not less fawning than hxf
lypm worships the ground another person walks on more than qelaxajqu, so lypm is not less fawning than qelaxajqu
nshjt worships the ground another person walks on more than nkvz, so nshjt is not less fawning than nkvz
elaeddaa worships the ground another person walks on more than smtgo, so smtgo is not more fawning than elaeddaa
vata worships the ground another person walks on more than qcmfmauat, so qcmfmauat is not more fawning than vata
hxf worships the ground another person walks on more than echeofg, so echeofg is not more fawning than hxf
qelaxajqu worships the ground another person walks on more than lypm, so lypm is not more fawning than qelaxajqu
nkvz worships the ground another person walks on more than nshjt, so nshjt is not more fawning than nkvz
xjwwugnctyoe hears a knock on their door while cnaujrjeqpeb does not, so xjwwugnctyoe is more curious than cnaujrjeqpeb
lrdvacqf hears a knock on their door while jlsibyji does not, so lrdvacqf is more curious than jlsibyji
luypmcbqjql hears a knock on their door while tmsokldl does not, so luypmcbqjql is more curious than tmsokldl
kdadmozz hears a knock on their door while mhaoqipg does not, so kdadmozz is more curious than mhaoqipg
dcjbrn hears a knock on their door while mhgmztccctpx does not, so dcjbrn is more curious than mhgmztccctpx
xjwwugnctyoe hears a knock on their door while cnaujrjeqpeb does not, so cnaujrjeqpeb is less curious than xjwwugnctyoe
lrdvacqf hears a knock on their door while jlsibyji does not, so jlsibyji is less curious than lrdvacqf
luypmcbqjql hears a knock on their door while tmsokldl does not, so tmsokldl is less curious than luypmcbqjql
kdadmozz hears a knock on their door while mhaoqipg does not, so mhaoqipg is less curious than kdadmozz
dcjbrn hears a knock on their door while mhgmztccctpx does not, so mhgmztccctpx is less curious than dcjbrn
icrs hears a knock on their door while eearqcjx does not, so icrs is not less curious than eearqcjx
vrvvtjawa hears a knock on their door while juyt does not, so vrvvtjawa is not less curious than juyt
vqpufzs hears a knock on their door while xzfmoyehd does not, so vqpufzs is not less curious than xzfmoyehd
iwtmkgttpqe hears a knock on their door while whjw does not, so iwtmkgttpqe is not less curious than whjw
pfeanict hears a knock on their door while dyn does not, so pfeanict is not less curious than dyn
eearqcjx hears a knock on their door while icrs does not, so icrs is not more curious than eearqcjx
juyt hears a knock on their door while vrvvtjawa does not, so vrvvtjawa is not more curious than juyt
xzfmoyehd hears a knock on their door while vqpufzs does not, so vqpufzs is not more curious than xzfmoyehd
whjw hears a knock on their door while iwtmkgttpqe does not, so iwtmkgttpqe is not more curious than whjw
dyn hears a knock on their door while pfeanict does not, so pfeanict is not more curious than dyn
aszrnypjdq tells another person was pregnant while npomkvhrb does not, so aszrnypjdq is more excited than npomkvhrb
hjlwikabx tells another person was pregnant while gjr does not, so hjlwikabx is more excited than gjr
dwzhjcz tells another person was pregnant while zucshdw does not, so dwzhjcz is more excited than zucshdw
kirla tells another person was pregnant while ftwg does not, so kirla is more excited than ftwg
gdztj tells another person was pregnant while uszrg does not, so gdztj is more excited than uszrg
aszrnypjdq tells another person was pregnant while npomkvhrb does not, so npomkvhrb is less excited than aszrnypjdq
hjlwikabx tells another person was pregnant while gjr does not, so gjr is less excited than hjlwikabx
dwzhjcz tells another person was pregnant while zucshdw does not, so zucshdw is less excited than dwzhjcz
kirla tells another person was pregnant while ftwg does not, so ftwg is less excited than kirla
gdztj tells another person was pregnant while uszrg does not, so uszrg is less excited than gdztj
mflafma tells another person was pregnant while jzh does not, so mflafma is not less excited than jzh
cnn tells another person was pregnant while iquxh does not, so cnn is not less excited than iquxh
oiagiiubj tells another person was pregnant while oigjiydp does not, so oiagiiubj is not less excited than oigjiydp
xffawnbq tells another person was pregnant while gorleteaatpt does not, so xffawnbq is not less excited than gorleteaatpt
yufzvfqljj tells another person was pregnant while odsae does not, so yufzvfqljj is not less excited than odsae
jzh tells another person was pregnant while mflafma does not, so mflafma is not more excited than jzh
iquxh tells another person was pregnant while cnn does not, so cnn is not more excited than iquxh
oigjiydp tells another person was pregnant while oiagiiubj does not, so oiagiiubj is not more excited than oigjiydp
gorleteaatpt tells another person was pregnant while xffawnbq does not, so xffawnbq is not more excited than gorleteaatpt
odsae tells another person was pregnant while yufzvfqljj does not, so yufzvfqljj is not more excited than odsae
jqaiosirw rides another person's bike while fciqbl does not, so jqaiosirw is more adventurous than fciqbl
axglv rides another person's bike while uquncfxm does not, so axglv is more adventurous than uquncfxm
maimvbjlk rides another person's bike while tolwofyn does not, so maimvbjlk is more adventurous than tolwofyn
mklsclc rides another person's bike while vpgyebiyfip does not, so mklsclc is more adventurous than vpgyebiyfip
xgyjxvut rides another person's bike while grqnsaue does not, so xgyjxvut is more adventurous than grqnsaue
jqaiosirw rides another person's bike while fciqbl does not, so fciqbl is less adventurous than jqaiosirw
axglv rides another person's bike while uquncfxm does not, so uquncfxm is less adventurous than axglv
maimvbjlk rides another person's bike while tolwofyn does not, so tolwofyn is less adventurous than maimvbjlk
mklsclc rides another person's bike while vpgyebiyfip does not, so vpgyebiyfip is less adventurous than mklsclc
xgyjxvut rides another person's bike while grqnsaue does not, so grqnsaue is less adventurous than xgyjxvut
yusynlooxg rides another person's bike while latdw does not, so yusynlooxg is not less adventurous than latdw
xnru rides another person's bike while bqc does not, so xnru is not less adventurous than bqc
vxsou rides another person's bike while lsogxqodcv does not, so vxsou is not less adventurous than lsogxqodcv
roxgnnbhc rides another person's bike while oaqrflpqvyz does not, so roxgnnbhc is not less adventurous than oaqrflpqvyz
pgvljwjrmfjh rides another person's bike while ddnsoiv does not, so pgvljwjrmfjh is not less adventurous than ddnsoiv
latdw rides another person's bike while yusynlooxg does not, so yusynlooxg is not more adventurous than latdw
bqc rides another person's bike while xnru does not, so xnru is not more adventurous than bqc
lsogxqodcv rides another person's bike while vxsou does not, so vxsou is not more adventurous than lsogxqodcv
oaqrflpqvyz rides another person's bike while roxgnnbhc does not, so roxgnnbhc is not more adventurous than oaqrflpqvyz
ddnsoiv rides another person's bike while pgvljwjrmfjh does not, so pgvljwjrmfjh is not more adventurous than ddnsoiv
jysk lets another person's head fall back while afrznbrxq does not, so jysk is less loving than afrznbrxq
urywxyr lets another person's head fall back while anizgei does not, so urywxyr is less loving than anizgei
hyuvwnqlc lets another person's head fall back while gzxzvjpsm does not, so hyuvwnqlc is less loving than gzxzvjpsm
loliuzmof lets another person's head fall back while rgymdbxshr does not, so loliuzmof is less loving than rgymdbxshr
puyzxgcokn lets another person's head fall back while yrns does not, so puyzxgcokn is less loving than yrns
jysk lets another person's head fall back while afrznbrxq does not, so afrznbrxq is less loving than jysk
urywxyr lets another person's head fall back while anizgei does not, so anizgei is less loving than urywxyr
hyuvwnqlc lets another person's head fall back while gzxzvjpsm does not, so gzxzvjpsm is less loving than hyuvwnqlc
loliuzmof lets another person's head fall back while rgymdbxshr does not, so rgymdbxshr is less loving than loliuzmof
puyzxgcokn lets another person's head fall back while yrns does not, so yrns is less loving than puyzxgcokn
judsu lets another person's head fall back while zhp does not, so judsu is not more loving than zhp
lcf lets another person's head fall back while mmwvxyxek does not, so lcf is not more loving than mmwvxyxek
nvrlrumffvn lets another person's head fall back while bxqwgoum does not, so nvrlrumffvn is not more loving than bxqwgoum
guxqwkegc lets another person's head fall back while pvuiuucnroc does not, so guxqwkegc is not more loving than pvuiuucnroc
dazj lets another person's head fall back while jrnupbcfxbki does not, so dazj is not more loving than jrnupbcfxbki
zhp lets another person's head fall back while judsu does not, so judsu is not more loving than zhp
mmwvxyxek lets another person's head fall back while lcf does not, so lcf is not more loving than mmwvxyxek
bxqwgoum lets another person's head fall back while nvrlrumffvn does not, so nvrlrumffvn is not more loving than bxqwgoum
pvuiuucnroc lets another person's head fall back while guxqwkegc does not, so guxqwkegc is not more loving than pvuiuucnroc
jrnupbcfxbki lets another person's head fall back while dazj does not, so dazj is not more loving than jrnupbcfxbki
xlfbcnoav hands another person his hat while tizwwkzpkc does not, so xlfbcnoav is more helpful than tizwwkzpkc
suwq hands another person his hat while atqnccpp does not, so suwq is more helpful than atqnccpp
hyqbg hands another person his hat while efkussrnyqe does not, so hyqbg is more helpful than efkussrnyqe
gkv hands another person his hat while yepcfpohr does not, so gkv is more helpful than yepcfpohr
vyjyflkob hands another person his hat while ljywninedor does not, so vyjyflkob is more helpful than ljywninedor
xlfbcnoav hands another person his hat while tizwwkzpkc does not, so tizwwkzpkc is less helpful than xlfbcnoav
suwq hands another person his hat while atqnccpp does not, so atqnccpp is less helpful than suwq
hyqbg hands another person his hat while efkussrnyqe does not, so efkussrnyqe is less helpful than hyqbg
gkv hands another person his hat while yepcfpohr does not, so yepcfpohr is less helpful than gkv
vyjyflkob hands another person his hat while ljywninedor does not, so ljywninedor is less helpful than vyjyflkob
vvcnmnhcnpc hands another person his hat while mwy does not, so vvcnmnhcnpc is not less helpful than mwy
nnaanhuzvpn hands another person his hat while ebobc does not, so nnaanhuzvpn is not less helpful than ebobc
pfzdshqevop hands another person his hat while cecqbxbn does not, so pfzdshqevop is not less helpful than cecqbxbn
pxv hands another person his hat while rhh does not, so pxv is not less helpful than rhh
wvq hands another person his hat while teaqvttm does not, so wvq is not less helpful than teaqvttm
mwy hands another person his hat while vvcnmnhcnpc does not, so vvcnmnhcnpc is not more helpful than mwy
ebobc hands another person his hat while nnaanhuzvpn does not, so nnaanhuzvpn is not more helpful than ebobc
cecqbxbn hands another person his hat while pfzdshqevop does not, so pfzdshqevop is not more helpful than cecqbxbn
rhh hands another person his hat while pxv does not, so pxv is not more helpful than rhh
teaqvttm hands another person his hat while wvq does not, so wvq is not more helpful than teaqvttm
wraucymaukt quits understanding objective reality while xdihk does not, so wraucymaukt is more insane than xdihk
vydghk quits understanding objective reality while axgeeezghlwl does not, so vydghk is more insane than axgeeezghlwl
wzujlfni quits understanding objective reality while rebdbsplkmi does not, so wzujlfni is more insane than rebdbsplkmi
fama quits understanding objective reality while whzliefausc does not, so fama is more insane than whzliefausc
umhjqjqe quits understanding objective reality while kbocimldp does not, so umhjqjqe is more insane than kbocimldp
wraucymaukt quits understanding objective reality while xdihk does not, so xdihk is less insane than wraucymaukt
vydghk quits understanding objective reality while axgeeezghlwl does not, so axgeeezghlwl is less insane than vydghk
wzujlfni quits understanding objective reality while rebdbsplkmi does not, so rebdbsplkmi is less insane than wzujlfni
fama quits understanding objective reality while whzliefausc does not, so whzliefausc is less insane than fama
umhjqjqe quits understanding objective reality while kbocimldp does not, so kbocimldp is less insane than umhjqjqe
jqdzqlkbiry quits understanding objective reality while pfclqgzlsqm does not, so jqdzqlkbiry is not less insane than pfclqgzlsqm
zzix quits understanding objective reality while fnmyrdhh does not, so zzix is not less insane than fnmyrdhh
smudfeqsa quits understanding objective reality while aluaydgstbm does not, so smudfeqsa is not less insane than aluaydgstbm
envsabmv quits understanding objective reality while zqvlueai does not, so envsabmv is not less insane than zqvlueai
bxglcaido quits understanding objective reality while xylhpzondoob does not, so bxglcaido is not less insane than xylhpzondoob
pfclqgzlsqm quits understanding objective reality while jqdzqlkbiry does not, so jqdzqlkbiry is not more insane than pfclqgzlsqm
fnmyrdhh quits understanding objective reality while zzix does not, so zzix is not more insane than fnmyrdhh
aluaydgstbm quits understanding objective reality while smudfeqsa does not, so smudfeqsa is not more insane than aluaydgstbm
zqvlueai quits understanding objective reality while envsabmv does not, so envsabmv is not more insane than zqvlueai
xylhpzondoob quits understanding objective reality while bxglcaido does not, so bxglcaido is not more insane than xylhpzondoob
jirxrr forgets to set their alarm while kxcbzxtiset does not, so jirxrr is less unconcerned than kxcbzxtiset
aorecxxo forgets to set their alarm while eiljtdxfxsj does not, so aorecxxo is less unconcerned than eiljtdxfxsj
tomaextzqr forgets to set their alarm while twrafy does not, so tomaextzqr is less unconcerned than twrafy
cugcsag forgets to set their alarm while nmuavlx does not, so cugcsag is less unconcerned than nmuavlx
ysgf forgets to set their alarm while stwgxlebhls does not, so ysgf is less unconcerned than stwgxlebhls
jirxrr forgets to set their alarm while kxcbzxtiset does not, so kxcbzxtiset is less unconcerned than jirxrr
aorecxxo forgets to set their alarm while eiljtdxfxsj does not, so eiljtdxfxsj is less unconcerned than aorecxxo
tomaextzqr forgets to set their alarm while twrafy does not, so twrafy is less unconcerned than tomaextzqr
cugcsag forgets to set their alarm while nmuavlx does not, so nmuavlx is less unconcerned than cugcsag
ysgf forgets to set their alarm while stwgxlebhls does not, so stwgxlebhls is less unconcerned than ysgf
pyubjlctdl forgets to set their alarm more than ijorplw, so pyubjlctdl is not less unconcerned than ijorplw
eciv forgets to set their alarm more than dodvj, so eciv is not less unconcerned than dodvj
uxanwjt forgets to set their alarm more than nhilvzwvtlx, so uxanwjt is not less unconcerned than nhilvzwvtlx
bdu forgets to set their alarm more than deeny, so bdu is not less unconcerned than deeny
ijxejancf forgets to set their alarm more than psggf, so ijxejancf is not less unconcerned than psggf
ijorplw forgets to set their alarm while pyubjlctdl does not, so pyubjlctdl is not more unconcerned than ijorplw
dodvj forgets to set their alarm while eciv does not, so eciv is not more unconcerned than dodvj
nhilvzwvtlx forgets to set their alarm while uxanwjt does not, so uxanwjt is not more unconcerned than nhilvzwvtlx
deeny forgets to set their alarm while bdu does not, so bdu is not more unconcerned than deeny
psggf forgets to set their alarm while ijxejancf does not, so ijxejancf is not more unconcerned than psggf
eoslaffvwxd eats chinese food while noepodypnaa does not, so eoslaffvwxd is more starving than noepodypnaa
zveymcndz eats chinese food while hfsc does not, so zveymcndz is more starving than hfsc
bnoofaxfbtq eats chinese food while sxlucair does not, so bnoofaxfbtq is more starving than sxlucair
lsdawbpdalm eats chinese food while ccrvhxwnsn does not, so lsdawbpdalm is more starving than ccrvhxwnsn
utel eats chinese food while jtbzpkc does not, so utel is more starving than jtbzpkc
eoslaffvwxd eats chinese food while noepodypnaa does not, so noepodypnaa is less starving than eoslaffvwxd
zveymcndz eats chinese food while hfsc does not, so hfsc is less starving than zveymcndz
bnoofaxfbtq eats chinese food while sxlucair does not, so sxlucair is less starving than bnoofaxfbtq
lsdawbpdalm eats chinese food while ccrvhxwnsn does not, so ccrvhxwnsn is less starving than lsdawbpdalm
utel eats chinese food while jtbzpkc does not, so jtbzpkc is less starving than utel
asia eats chinese food while dubnui does not, so asia is not less starving than dubnui
wge eats chinese food while coiqqfxt does not, so wge is not less starving than coiqqfxt
pwzs eats chinese food while nlpthy does not, so pwzs is not less starving than nlpthy
vqzdvewr eats chinese food while umequmhirvb does not, so vqzdvewr is not less starving than umequmhirvb
ozg eats chinese food while jbnhpiwci does not, so ozg is not less starving than jbnhpiwci
dubnui eats chinese food while asia does not, so asia is not more starving than dubnui
coiqqfxt eats chinese food while wge does not, so wge is not more starving than coiqqfxt
nlpthy eats chinese food while pwzs does not, so pwzs is not more starving than nlpthy
umequmhirvb eats chinese food while vqzdvewr does not, so vqzdvewr is not more starving than umequmhirvb
jbnhpiwci eats chinese food while ozg does not, so ozg is not more starving than jbnhpiwci
qavzvhpfkzj walks their dogs while rxyothho does not, so qavzvhpfkzj is less steadfast than rxyothho
bnzele walks their dogs while ojla does not, so bnzele is less steadfast than ojla
vrdfyu walks their dogs while mrsq does not, so vrdfyu is less steadfast than mrsq
vmwtpvwzki walks their dogs while rimc does not, so vmwtpvwzki is less steadfast than rimc
wxu walks their dogs while fie does not, so wxu is less steadfast than fie
qavzvhpfkzj walks their dogs while rxyothho does not, so rxyothho is less steadfast than qavzvhpfkzj
bnzele walks their dogs while ojla does not, so ojla is less steadfast than bnzele
vrdfyu walks their dogs while mrsq does not, so mrsq is less steadfast than vrdfyu
vmwtpvwzki walks their dogs while rimc does not, so rimc is less steadfast than vmwtpvwzki
wxu walks their dogs while fie does not, so fie is less steadfast than wxu
eknlugdiznpg walks their dogs while zztrvwfumvm does not, so eknlugdiznpg is not less steadfast than zztrvwfumvm
txvu walks their dogs while ndc does not, so txvu is not less steadfast than ndc
woxutpnet walks their dogs while kahyjfdxe does not, so woxutpnet is not less steadfast than kahyjfdxe
bqzjs walks their dogs while oaxoevura does not, so bqzjs is not less steadfast than oaxoevura
cnh walks their dogs while qnjrylg does not, so cnh is not less steadfast than qnjrylg
zztrvwfumvm walks their dogs while eknlugdiznpg does not, so eknlugdiznpg is not more steadfast than zztrvwfumvm
ndc walks their dogs while txvu does not, so txvu is not more steadfast than ndc
kahyjfdxe walks their dogs while woxutpnet does not, so woxutpnet is not more steadfast than kahyjfdxe
oaxoevura walks their dogs while bqzjs does not, so bqzjs is not more steadfast than oaxoevura
qnjrylg walks their dogs while cnh does not, so cnh is not more steadfast than qnjrylg
zpyorckdqbk asks another person's wife while ppkcas does not, so zpyorckdqbk is more curious than ppkcas
vzsgz asks another person's wife while kmny does not, so vzsgz is more curious than kmny
vqgz asks another person's wife while hmxnfjwzcpx does not, so vqgz is more curious than hmxnfjwzcpx
hbeq asks another person's wife while ely does not, so hbeq is more curious than ely
vumg asks another person's wife while amookfywgy does not, so vumg is more curious than amookfywgy
zpyorckdqbk asks another person's wife while ppkcas does not, so ppkcas is less curious than zpyorckdqbk
vzsgz asks another person's wife while kmny does not, so kmny is less curious than vzsgz
vqgz asks another person's wife while hmxnfjwzcpx does not, so hmxnfjwzcpx is less curious than vqgz
hbeq asks another person's wife while ely does not, so ely is less curious than hbeq
vumg asks another person's wife while amookfywgy does not, so amookfywgy is less curious than vumg
tgnyapwyey asks another person's wife while igmhnomy does not, so tgnyapwyey is not less curious than igmhnomy
riqs asks another person's wife while kktqxyk does not, so riqs is not less curious than kktqxyk
ehgnshj asks another person's wife while johgqjyrfv does not, so ehgnshj is not less curious than johgqjyrfv
fhnu asks another person's wife while fepfoqgnnk does not, so fhnu is not less curious than fepfoqgnnk
oclr asks another person's wife while wazgbnbk does not, so oclr is not less curious than wazgbnbk
igmhnomy asks another person's wife while tgnyapwyey does not, so tgnyapwyey is not more curious than igmhnomy
kktqxyk asks another person's wife while riqs does not, so riqs is not more curious than kktqxyk
johgqjyrfv asks another person's wife while ehgnshj does not, so ehgnshj is not more curious than johgqjyrfv
fepfoqgnnk asks another person's wife while fhnu does not, so fhnu is not more curious than fepfoqgnnk
wazgbnbk asks another person's wife while oclr does not, so oclr is not more curious than wazgbnbk
tbzgznyqbupc plays it safe while ayy does not, so tbzgznyqbupc is more cautious than ayy
dnynjhvdo plays it safe while rvk does not, so dnynjhvdo is more cautious than rvk
hxsbfnoda plays it safe while cyfkk does not, so hxsbfnoda is more cautious than cyfkk
kypppwit plays it safe while gvbxdyljodsk does not, so kypppwit is more cautious than gvbxdyljodsk
bihvgjftejwy plays it safe while myv does not, so bihvgjftejwy is more cautious than myv
tbzgznyqbupc plays it safe while ayy does not, so ayy is less cautious than tbzgznyqbupc
dnynjhvdo plays it safe while rvk does not, so rvk is less cautious than dnynjhvdo
hxsbfnoda plays it safe while cyfkk does not, so cyfkk is less cautious than hxsbfnoda
kypppwit plays it safe while gvbxdyljodsk does not, so gvbxdyljodsk is less cautious than kypppwit
bihvgjftejwy plays it safe while myv does not, so myv is less cautious than bihvgjftejwy
hqggyei plays it safe while nhllpgvoi does not, so hqggyei is not less cautious than nhllpgvoi
gcfqty plays it safe while xunekmzofup does not, so gcfqty is not less cautious than xunekmzofup
krcirokrkp plays it safe while riuu does not, so krcirokrkp is not less cautious than riuu
bdvge plays it safe while hvzzjfihp does not, so bdvge is not less cautious than hvzzjfihp
ysfdfrmge plays it safe while cfcyvqpsl does not, so ysfdfrmge is not less cautious than cfcyvqpsl
nhllpgvoi plays it safe while hqggyei does not, so hqggyei is not more cautious than nhllpgvoi
xunekmzofup plays it safe while gcfqty does not, so gcfqty is not more cautious than xunekmzofup
riuu plays it safe while krcirokrkp does not, so krcirokrkp is not more cautious than riuu
hvzzjfihp plays it safe while bdvge does not, so bdvge is not more cautious than hvzzjfihp
cfcyvqpsl plays it safe while ysfdfrmge does not, so ysfdfrmge is not more cautious than cfcyvqpsl
zwo tells jeff something while fpvuqpawl does not, so zwo is more talkative than fpvuqpawl
yfoyonj tells jeff something while fgltnaxgxhv does not, so yfoyonj is more talkative than fgltnaxgxhv
ftwauffkr tells jeff something while rzj does not, so ftwauffkr is more talkative than rzj
jbjien tells jeff something while daqhsdezj does not, so jbjien is more talkative than daqhsdezj
xvotwyp tells jeff something while kqvntm does not, so xvotwyp is more talkative than kqvntm
zwo tells jeff something while fpvuqpawl does not, so fpvuqpawl is less talkative than zwo
yfoyonj tells jeff something while fgltnaxgxhv does not, so fgltnaxgxhv is less talkative than yfoyonj
ftwauffkr tells jeff something while rzj does not, so rzj is less talkative than ftwauffkr
jbjien tells jeff something while daqhsdezj does not, so daqhsdezj is less talkative than jbjien
xvotwyp tells jeff something while kqvntm does not, so kqvntm is less talkative than xvotwyp
yvtd tells jeff something while hpxmumr does not, so yvtd is not less talkative than hpxmumr
apy tells jeff something while otuimnp does not, so apy is not less talkative than otuimnp
xpxpvgsbfp tells jeff something while fvbzbaacnfv does not, so xpxpvgsbfp is not less talkative than fvbzbaacnfv
sfszbauah tells jeff something while rpoe does not, so sfszbauah is not less talkative than rpoe
gvf tells jeff something while uuumxxowyk does not, so gvf is not less talkative than uuumxxowyk
hpxmumr tells jeff something while yvtd does not, so yvtd is not more talkative than hpxmumr
otuimnp tells jeff something while apy does not, so apy is not more talkative than otuimnp
fvbzbaacnfv tells jeff something while xpxpvgsbfp does not, so xpxpvgsbfp is not more talkative than fvbzbaacnfv
rpoe tells jeff something while sfszbauah does not, so sfszbauah is not more talkative than rpoe
uuumxxowyk tells jeff something while gvf does not, so gvf is not more talkative than uuumxxowyk
cxqd looks at another person's wife while nwcetkocicbr does not, so cxqd is more aware than nwcetkocicbr
wgjphl looks at another person's wife while cxxgbwxz does not, so wgjphl is more aware than cxxgbwxz
vrey looks at another person's wife while ngb does not, so vrey is more aware than ngb
uzgoiwgmi looks at another person's wife while urullpuv does not, so uzgoiwgmi is more aware than urullpuv
svsdfux looks at another person's wife while ckdptwgkxy does not, so svsdfux is more aware than ckdptwgkxy
cxqd looks at another person's wife while nwcetkocicbr does not, so nwcetkocicbr is less aware than cxqd
wgjphl looks at another person's wife while cxxgbwxz does not, so cxxgbwxz is less aware than wgjphl
vrey looks at another person's wife while ngb does not, so ngb is less aware than vrey
uzgoiwgmi looks at another person's wife while urullpuv does not, so urullpuv is less aware than uzgoiwgmi
svsdfux looks at another person's wife while ckdptwgkxy does not, so ckdptwgkxy is less aware than svsdfux
klobhhr looks at another person's wife while pgafmnjc does not, so klobhhr is not less aware than pgafmnjc
lunxcxd looks at another person's wife while lfmrn does not, so lunxcxd is not less aware than lfmrn
clmgzloeieg looks at another person's wife while mdzjrzxe does not, so clmgzloeieg is not less aware than mdzjrzxe
tttjt looks at another person's wife while itjxbaq does not, so tttjt is not less aware than itjxbaq
jytqgvkbuqwe looks at another person's wife while djbwrkg does not, so jytqgvkbuqwe is not less aware than djbwrkg
pgafmnjc looks at another person's wife while klobhhr does not, so klobhhr is not more aware than pgafmnjc
lfmrn looks at another person's wife while lunxcxd does not, so lunxcxd is not more aware than lfmrn
mdzjrzxe looks at another person's wife while clmgzloeieg does not, so clmgzloeieg is not more aware than mdzjrzxe
itjxbaq looks at another person's wife while tttjt does not, so tttjt is not more aware than itjxbaq
djbwrkg looks at another person's wife while jytqgvkbuqwe does not, so jytqgvkbuqwe is not more aware than djbwrkg
cpf grabs something while pbdvr does not, so cpf is less inspired than pbdvr
krcgrgz grabs something while fzpjeezaysu does not, so krcgrgz is less inspired than fzpjeezaysu
sqvevi grabs something while cwftjycd does not, so sqvevi is less inspired than cwftjycd
lpi grabs something while uteqb does not, so lpi is less inspired than uteqb
iqkjakxgjrys grabs something while rtrayfajg does not, so iqkjakxgjrys is less inspired than rtrayfajg
cpf grabs something while pbdvr does not, so pbdvr is less inspired than cpf
krcgrgz grabs something while fzpjeezaysu does not, so fzpjeezaysu is less inspired than krcgrgz
sqvevi grabs something while cwftjycd does not, so cwftjycd is less inspired than sqvevi
lpi grabs something while uteqb does not, so uteqb is less inspired than lpi
iqkjakxgjrys grabs something while rtrayfajg does not, so rtrayfajg is less inspired than iqkjakxgjrys
nzlju grabs something while xtwmzwdwf does not, so nzlju is not less inspired than xtwmzwdwf
uopwi grabs something while ubvsivblaeu does not, so uopwi is not less inspired than ubvsivblaeu
unlclz grabs something while lhppubvuj does not, so unlclz is not less inspired than lhppubvuj
jbjvmgbxiiar grabs something while orlxmz does not, so jbjvmgbxiiar is not less inspired than orlxmz
gegptixqtz grabs something while bnd does not, so gegptixqtz is not less inspired than bnd
xtwmzwdwf grabs something while nzlju does not, so nzlju is not more inspired than xtwmzwdwf
ubvsivblaeu grabs something while uopwi does not, so uopwi is not more inspired than ubvsivblaeu
lhppubvuj grabs something while unlclz does not, so unlclz is not more inspired than lhppubvuj
orlxmz grabs something while jbjvmgbxiiar does not, so jbjvmgbxiiar is not more inspired than orlxmz
bnd grabs something while gegptixqtz does not, so gegptixqtz is not more inspired than bnd
ezwmmhriezxc inherits from their father while rznbiocwjd does not, so ezwmmhriezxc is more fortunate than rznbiocwjd
dfcavqwculj inherits from their father while qkqy does not, so dfcavqwculj is more fortunate than qkqy
sekimsakr inherits from their father while dcu does not, so sekimsakr is more fortunate than dcu
bvzy inherits from their father while worvhhg does not, so bvzy is more fortunate than worvhhg
pvxnjihnt inherits from their father while qsfmjol does not, so pvxnjihnt is more fortunate than qsfmjol
ezwmmhriezxc inherits from their father while rznbiocwjd does not, so rznbiocwjd is less fortunate than ezwmmhriezxc
dfcavqwculj inherits from their father while qkqy does not, so qkqy is less fortunate than dfcavqwculj
sekimsakr inherits from their father while dcu does not, so dcu is less fortunate than sekimsakr
bvzy inherits from their father while worvhhg does not, so worvhhg is less fortunate than bvzy
pvxnjihnt inherits from their father while qsfmjol does not, so qsfmjol is less fortunate than pvxnjihnt
hlq inherits from their father while zqzacfevrk does not, so hlq is not less fortunate than zqzacfevrk
bdwp inherits from their father while dwfosqz does not, so bdwp is not less fortunate than dwfosqz
rihfyditx inherits from their father while cywonovlzay does not, so rihfyditx is not less fortunate than cywonovlzay
qizvb inherits from their father while mjnylopehqs does not, so qizvb is not less fortunate than mjnylopehqs
zuxkv inherits from their father while mqkxcyklzofy does not, so zuxkv is not less fortunate than mqkxcyklzofy
zqzacfevrk inherits from their father while hlq does not, so hlq is not more fortunate than zqzacfevrk
dwfosqz inherits from their father while bdwp does not, so bdwp is not more fortunate than dwfosqz
cywonovlzay inherits from their father while rihfyditx does not, so rihfyditx is not more fortunate than cywonovlzay
mjnylopehqs inherits from their father while qizvb does not, so qizvb is not more fortunate than mjnylopehqs
mqkxcyklzofy inherits from their father while zuxkv does not, so zuxkv is not more fortunate than mqkxcyklzofy
hzzqccfisv causes trouble while adwli does not, so hzzqccfisv is more mean than adwli
gbgyhy causes trouble while gnsyt does not, so gbgyhy is more mean than gnsyt
kimzkdbfnjj causes trouble while scrhyzul does not, so kimzkdbfnjj is more mean than scrhyzul
guheahgp causes trouble while ctoxoymuywkr does not, so guheahgp is more mean than ctoxoymuywkr
ucbbdbw causes trouble while bguangdo does not, so ucbbdbw is more mean than bguangdo
hzzqccfisv causes trouble while adwli does not, so adwli is less mean than hzzqccfisv
gbgyhy causes trouble while gnsyt does not, so gnsyt is less mean than gbgyhy
kimzkdbfnjj causes trouble while scrhyzul does not, so scrhyzul is less mean than kimzkdbfnjj
guheahgp causes trouble while ctoxoymuywkr does not, so ctoxoymuywkr is less mean than guheahgp
ucbbdbw causes trouble while bguangdo does not, so bguangdo is less mean than ucbbdbw
nzaypdwq causes trouble while yuknbf does not, so nzaypdwq is not less mean than yuknbf
fsbartsqa causes trouble while algk does not, so fsbartsqa is not less mean than algk
osdnoesj causes trouble while rseu does not, so osdnoesj is not less mean than rseu
ryjswfotdxew causes trouble while putvjqro does not, so ryjswfotdxew is not less mean than putvjqro
xognumitzgj causes trouble while wjztecl does not, so xognumitzgj is not less mean than wjztecl
yuknbf causes trouble while nzaypdwq does not, so nzaypdwq is not more mean than yuknbf
algk causes trouble while fsbartsqa does not, so fsbartsqa is not more mean than algk
rseu causes trouble while osdnoesj does not, so osdnoesj is not more mean than rseu
putvjqro causes trouble while ryjswfotdxew does not, so ryjswfotdxew is not more mean than putvjqro
wjztecl causes trouble while xognumitzgj does not, so xognumitzgj is not more mean than wjztecl
wujyjzamb gets another person's friends together while epxsel does not, so wujyjzamb is more caring than epxsel
ywvfzrczj gets another person's friends together while rycb does not, so ywvfzrczj is more caring than rycb
oxgetv gets another person's friends together while zkmvo does not, so oxgetv is more caring than zkmvo
sdmuchizqv gets another person's friends together while xniyqn does not, so sdmuchizqv is more caring than xniyqn
kauggjymyn gets another person's friends together while tsiupstbq does not, so kauggjymyn is more caring than tsiupstbq
wujyjzamb gets another person's friends together while epxsel does not, so epxsel is less caring than wujyjzamb
ywvfzrczj gets another person's friends together while rycb does not, so rycb is less caring than ywvfzrczj
oxgetv gets another person's friends together while zkmvo does not, so zkmvo is less caring than oxgetv
sdmuchizqv gets another person's friends together while xniyqn does not, so xniyqn is less caring than sdmuchizqv
kauggjymyn gets another person's friends together while tsiupstbq does not, so tsiupstbq is less caring than kauggjymyn
ozjrvugm gets another person's friends together while gng does not, so ozjrvugm is not less caring than gng
wlghvctfxs gets another person's friends together while ylvdscsvna does not, so wlghvctfxs is not less caring than ylvdscsvna
hudnpsccmlk gets another person's friends together while ixruhx does not, so hudnpsccmlk is not less caring than ixruhx
rxorn gets another person's friends together while nepwpgyeltb does not, so rxorn is not less caring than nepwpgyeltb
wnkzf gets another person's friends together while ijehdgxueb does not, so wnkzf is not less caring than ijehdgxueb
gng gets another person's friends together while ozjrvugm does not, so ozjrvugm is not more caring than gng
ylvdscsvna gets another person's friends together while wlghvctfxs does not, so wlghvctfxs is not more caring than ylvdscsvna
ixruhx gets another person's friends together while hudnpsccmlk does not, so hudnpsccmlk is not more caring than ixruhx
nepwpgyeltb gets another person's friends together while rxorn does not, so rxorn is not more caring than nepwpgyeltb
ijehdgxueb gets another person's friends together while wnkzf does not, so wnkzf is not more caring than ijehdgxueb
jhdffilu would help another person more than vpgjxmgbi, so jhdffilu is more friendly than vpgjxmgbi
mjlnijxfbu would help another person more than kkmxprvxueof, so mjlnijxfbu is more friendly than kkmxprvxueof
tpyflovppfb would help another person more than rmgigirvonq, so tpyflovppfb is more friendly than rmgigirvonq
plvyd would help another person more than kdcu, so plvyd is more friendly than kdcu
vwbvgb would help another person more than nvqfbyqtooti, so vwbvgb is more friendly than nvqfbyqtooti
jhdffilu would help another person while vpgjxmgbi does not, so vpgjxmgbi is less friendly than jhdffilu
mjlnijxfbu would help another person while kkmxprvxueof does not, so kkmxprvxueof is less friendly than mjlnijxfbu
tpyflovppfb would help another person while rmgigirvonq does not, so rmgigirvonq is less friendly than tpyflovppfb
plvyd would help another person while kdcu does not, so kdcu is less friendly than plvyd
vwbvgb would help another person while nvqfbyqtooti does not, so nvqfbyqtooti is less friendly than vwbvgb
gvstfbulhysu would help another person more than vfvnoxx, so gvstfbulhysu is not less friendly than vfvnoxx
quhayee would help another person more than mtvyf, so quhayee is not less friendly than mtvyf
ysfzj would help another person more than hwkxkjtq, so ysfzj is not less friendly than hwkxkjtq
tissfh would help another person more than vcvtbazdpp, so tissfh is not less friendly than vcvtbazdpp
vdcag would help another person more than rszemxtehqu, so vdcag is not less friendly than rszemxtehqu
vfvnoxx would help another person more than gvstfbulhysu, so gvstfbulhysu is not more friendly than vfvnoxx
mtvyf would help another person more than quhayee, so quhayee is not more friendly than mtvyf
hwkxkjtq would help another person more than ysfzj, so ysfzj is not more friendly than hwkxkjtq
vcvtbazdpp would help another person more than tissfh, so tissfh is not more friendly than vcvtbazdpp
rszemxtehqu would help another person more than vdcag, so vdcag is not more friendly than rszemxtehqu
vzsf refuses to listen while xwi does not, so vzsf is more annoyed than xwi
japp refuses to listen while rfsq does not, so japp is more annoyed than rfsq
wvkiv refuses to listen while nhvoqdt does not, so wvkiv is more annoyed than nhvoqdt
bramuwvunbha refuses to listen while xgujfdsbi does not, so bramuwvunbha is more annoyed than xgujfdsbi
wnhdytyiaf refuses to listen while gkbvlhgy does not, so wnhdytyiaf is more annoyed than gkbvlhgy
vzsf refuses to listen while xwi does not, so xwi is less annoyed than vzsf
japp refuses to listen while rfsq does not, so rfsq is less annoyed than japp
wvkiv refuses to listen while nhvoqdt does not, so nhvoqdt is less annoyed than wvkiv
bramuwvunbha refuses to listen while xgujfdsbi does not, so xgujfdsbi is less annoyed than bramuwvunbha
wnhdytyiaf refuses to listen while gkbvlhgy does not, so gkbvlhgy is less annoyed than wnhdytyiaf
twiklffvdcrk refuses to listen while xzvajbculqk does not, so twiklffvdcrk is not less annoyed than xzvajbculqk
vfnkxfotis refuses to listen while hftbq does not, so vfnkxfotis is not less annoyed than hftbq
aoryskllqk refuses to listen while amt does not, so aoryskllqk is not less annoyed than amt
jphuxipzazjq refuses to listen while gnhpucjwm does not, so jphuxipzazjq is not less annoyed than gnhpucjwm
rwrryyem refuses to listen while wzuhju does not, so rwrryyem is not less annoyed than wzuhju
xzvajbculqk refuses to listen while twiklffvdcrk does, so twiklffvdcrk is not more annoyed than xzvajbculqk
hftbq refuses to listen while vfnkxfotis does, so vfnkxfotis is not more annoyed than hftbq
amt refuses to listen while aoryskllqk does, so aoryskllqk is not more annoyed than amt
gnhpucjwm refuses to listen while jphuxipzazjq does, so jphuxipzazjq is not more annoyed than gnhpucjwm
wzuhju refuses to listen while rwrryyem does, so rwrryyem is not more annoyed than wzuhju
fwfmxrc gets closer and closer while ydmdfu does not, so fwfmxrc is more anxious than ydmdfu
gtprultker gets closer and closer while wtgrhlcusqnk does not, so gtprultker is more anxious than wtgrhlcusqnk
ixuphwyleex gets closer and closer while pghrrvq does not, so ixuphwyleex is more anxious than pghrrvq
nlvskmpicttt gets closer and closer while emnqzmn does not, so nlvskmpicttt is more anxious than emnqzmn
asd gets closer and closer while nufx does not, so asd is more anxious than nufx
fwfmxrc gets closer to ydmdfu while ydmdfu does not, so ydmdfu is less anxious than fwfmxrc
gtprultker gets closer to wtgrhlcusqnk while wtgrhlcusqnk does not, so wtgrhlcusqnk is less anxious than gtprultker
ixuphwyleex gets closer to pghrrvq while pghrrvq does not, so pghrrvq is less anxious than ixuphwyleex
nlvskmpicttt gets closer to emnqzmn while emnqzmn does not, so emnqzmn is less anxious than nlvskmpicttt
asd gets closer to nufx while nufx does not, so nufx is less anxious than asd
pmmyelhy gets closer and closer while sviykbhejtln does not, so pmmyelhy is not less anxious than sviykbhejtln
kpovdcaczckb gets closer and closer while bsv does not, so kpovdcaczckb is not less anxious than bsv
hpy gets closer and closer while kqyuwtkw does not, so hpy is not less anxious than kqyuwtkw
cnkisohjvyo gets closer and closer while vhukapmknkiq does not, so cnkisohjvyo is not less anxious than vhukapmknkiq
vuaeanwp gets closer and closer while bfxlg does not, so vuaeanwp is not less anxious than bfxlg
sviykbhejtln gets closer and closer while pmmyelhy does not, so pmmyelhy is not more anxious than sviykbhejtln
bsv gets closer and closer while kpovdcaczckb does not, so kpovdcaczckb is not more anxious than bsv
kqyuwtkw gets closer and closer while hpy does not, so hpy is not more anxious than kqyuwtkw
vhukapmknkiq gets closer and closer while cnkisohjvyo does not, so cnkisohjvyo is not more anxious than vhukapmknkiq
bfxlg gets closer and closer while vuaeanwp does not, so vuaeanwp is not more anxious than bfxlg
czbinuclhcqm visits their aunt while vrugqakr does not, so czbinuclhcqm is more concerned for others than vrugqakr
dopif visits their aunt while lofxggnb does not, so dopif is more concerned for others than lofxggnb
ssskcofzahes visits their aunt while ygc does not, so ssskcofzahes is more concerned for others than ygc
sfsxxfadwh visits their aunt while cljsdrgpmbc does not, so sfsxxfadwh is more concerned for others than cljsdrgpmbc
qjwxictivq visits their aunt while pqmgpj does not, so qjwxictivq is more concerned for others than pqmgpj
czbinuclhcqm visits their aunt while vrugqakr does not, so vrugqakr is less concerned for others than czbinuclhcqm
dopif visits their aunt while lofxggnb does not, so lofxggnb is less concerned for others than dopif
ssskcofzahes visits their aunt while ygc does not, so ygc is less concerned for others than ssskcofzahes
sfsxxfadwh visits their aunt while cljsdrgpmbc does not, so cljsdrgpmbc is less concerned for others than sfsxxfadwh
qjwxictivq visits their aunt while pqmgpj does not, so pqmgpj is less concerned for others than qjwxictivq
mnzopskl visits their aunt while txs does not, so mnzopskl is not less concerned for others than txs
siyf visits their aunt while bmo does not, so siyf is not less concerned for others than bmo
vswgxywf visits their aunt while qqylkm does not, so vswgxywf is not less concerned for others than qqylkm
jlvzdrnglte visits their aunt while cau does not, so jlvzdrnglte is not less concerned for others than cau
klszxjhcobi visits their aunt while iailxjjyjlzd does not, so klszxjhcobi is not less concerned for others than iailxjjyjlzd
txs visits their aunt while mnzopskl does not, so mnzopskl is not more concerned for others than txs
bmo visits their aunt while siyf does not, so siyf is not more concerned for others than bmo
qqylkm visits their aunt while vswgxywf does not, so vswgxywf is not more concerned for others than qqylkm
cau visits their aunt while jlvzdrnglte does not, so jlvzdrnglte is not more concerned for others than cau
iailxjjyjlzd visits their aunt while klszxjhcobi does not, so klszxjhcobi is not more concerned for others than iailxjjyjlzd
wfjict hugs their dog while pnl does not, so wfjict is more caring than pnl
jewj hugs their dog while cqihaig does not, so jewj is more caring than cqihaig
gmnsmfittrfy hugs their dog while wiernlmhhiik does not, so gmnsmfittrfy is more caring than wiernlmhhiik
tnhlttndbwcp hugs their dog while vruhwqpippfj does not, so tnhlttndbwcp is more caring than vruhwqpippfj
tfatjxo hugs their dog while uwxljiv does not, so tfatjxo is more caring than uwxljiv
wfjict hugs their dog while pnl does not, so pnl is less caring than wfjict
jewj hugs their dog while cqihaig does not, so cqihaig is less caring than jewj
gmnsmfittrfy hugs their dog while wiernlmhhiik does not, so wiernlmhhiik is less caring than gmnsmfittrfy
tnhlttndbwcp hugs their dog while vruhwqpippfj does not, so vruhwqpippfj is less caring than tnhlttndbwcp
tfatjxo hugs their dog while uwxljiv does not, so uwxljiv is less caring than tfatjxo
jku hugs their dog while ospdaxj does not, so jku is not less caring than ospdaxj
vngus hugs their dog while elhegy does not, so vngus is not less caring than elhegy
zquvcond hugs their dog while iosxidt does not, so zquvcond is not less caring than iosxidt
zntts hugs their dog while wtng does not, so zntts is not less caring than wtng
belxdc hugs their dog while kfoyehuwuyhu does not, so belxdc is not less caring than kfoyehuwuyhu
ospdaxj hugs their dog while jku does not, so jku is not more caring than ospdaxj
elhegy hugs their dog while vngus does not, so vngus is not more caring than elhegy
iosxidt hugs their dog while zquvcond does not, so zquvcond is not more caring than iosxidt
wtng hugs their dog while zntts does not, so zntts is not more caring than wtng
kfoyehuwuyhu hugs their dog while belxdc does not, so belxdc is not more caring than kfoyehuwuyhu
ahyicjmt lives with another person's family while ltuigfc does not, so ahyicjmt is more caring than ltuigfc
egcqikvckyf lives with another person's family while jixuipjigs does not, so egcqikvckyf is more caring than jixuipjigs
uzzdudwoflp lives with another person's family while chc does not, so uzzdudwoflp is more caring than chc
thusqui lives with another person's family while bbmfceioe does not, so thusqui is more caring than bbmfceioe
hmyic lives with another person's family while vojx does not, so hmyic is more caring than vojx
ahyicjmt lives with another person's family while ltuigfc does not, so ltuigfc is less caring than ahyicjmt
egcqikvckyf lives with another person's family while jixuipjigs does not, so jixuipjigs is less caring than egcqikvckyf
uzzdudwoflp lives with another person's family while chc does not, so chc is less caring than uzzdudwoflp
thusqui lives with another person's family while bbmfceioe does not, so bbmfceioe is less caring than thusqui
hmyic lives with another person's family while vojx does not, so vojx is less caring than hmyic
qsieaam lives with another person's family while nke does not, so qsieaam is not less caring than nke
fklmd lives with another person's family while ruoxcfqp does not, so fklmd is not less caring than ruoxcfqp
zthjoxdpkt lives with another person's family while sszsbwpeucku does not, so zthjoxdpkt is not less caring than sszsbwpeucku
eyegga lives with another person's family while ypgnssvogjvy does not, so eyegga is not less caring than ypgnssvogjvy
ktekccmee lives with another person's family while ymfsmctwj does not, so ktekccmee is not less caring than ymfsmctwj
nke lives with another person's family while qsieaam does not, so qsieaam is not more caring than nke
ruoxcfqp lives with another person's family while fklmd does not, so fklmd is not more caring than ruoxcfqp
sszsbwpeucku lives with another person's family while zthjoxdpkt does not, so zthjoxdpkt is not more caring than sszsbwpeucku
ypgnssvogjvy lives with another person's family while eyegga does not, so eyegga is not more caring than ypgnssvogjvy
ymfsmctwj lives with another person's family while ktekccmee does not, so ktekccmee is not more caring than ymfsmctwj
qnt parts another person's lips while hqyu does not, so qnt is less loving than hqyu
cxldstbt parts another person's lips while xwlbjmonmlc does not, so cxldstbt is less loving than xwlbjmonmlc
sucxcpttlcja parts another person's lips while yepbfo does not, so sucxcpttlcja is less loving than yepbfo
wce parts another person's lips while gcindtkxox does not, so wce is less loving than gcindtkxox
kwodd parts another person's lips while dyuek does not, so kwodd is less loving than dyuek
qnt parts another person's lips while hqyu does not, so hqyu is less loving than qnt
cxldstbt parts another person's lips while xwlbjmonmlc does not, so xwlbjmonmlc is less loving than cxldstbt
sucxcpttlcja parts another person's lips while yepbfo does not, so yepbfo is less loving than sucxcpttlcja
wce parts another person's lips while gcindtkxox does not, so gcindtkxox is less loving than wce
kwodd parts another person's lips while dyuek does not, so dyuek is less loving than kwodd
uzyqifrid parts another person's lips while urczhaecb does not, so uzyqifrid is not less loving than urczhaecb
acmu parts another person's lips while ypysdqhpfgha does not, so acmu is not less loving than ypysdqhpfgha
rwa parts another person's lips while sjhfrspd does not, so rwa is not less loving than sjhfrspd
hyedmolppcmp parts another person's lips while vdebzsorrs does not, so hyedmolppcmp is not less loving than vdebzsorrs
jedoazc parts another person's lips while bci does not, so jedoazc is not less loving than bci
urczhaecb parts another person's lips while uzyqifrid does not, so uzyqifrid is not more loving than urczhaecb
ypysdqhpfgha parts another person's lips while acmu does not, so acmu is not more loving than ypysdqhpfgha
sjhfrspd parts another person's lips while rwa does not, so rwa is not more loving than sjhfrspd
vdebzsorrs parts another person's lips while hyedmolppcmp does not, so hyedmolppcmp is not more loving than vdebzsorrs
bci parts another person's lips while jedoazc does not, so jedoazc is not more loving than bci
ecmnogmkazb starts their truck while junqurdfbbrv does not, so ecmnogmkazb is less ready to go than junqurdfbbrv
wlibq starts their truck while vzuiro does not, so wlibq is less ready to go than vzuiro
boyqlwiv starts their truck while midayzijdw does not, so boyqlwiv is less ready to go than midayzijdw
ayxvntyk starts their truck while uhxyecegdupn does not, so ayxvntyk is less ready to go than uhxyecegdupn
oaclmdzxzg starts their truck while idn does not, so oaclmdzxzg is less ready to go than idn
ecmnogmkazb starts their truck while junqurdfbbrv does not, so junqurdfbbrv is less ready to go than ecmnogmkazb
wlibq starts their truck while vzuiro does not, so vzuiro is less ready to go than wlibq
boyqlwiv starts their truck while midayzijdw does not, so midayzijdw is less ready to go than boyqlwiv
ayxvntyk starts their truck while uhxyecegdupn does not, so uhxyecegdupn is less ready to go than ayxvntyk
oaclmdzxzg starts their truck while idn does not, so idn is less ready to go than oaclmdzxzg
lttyajl starts their truck while bdfmrwm does not, so lttyajl is not more ready to go than bdfmrwm
uspvazem starts their truck while qrkmefnery does not, so uspvazem is not more ready to go than qrkmefnery
iktard starts their truck while pak does not, so iktard is not more ready to go than pak
xpm starts their truck while wbcuyv does not, so xpm is not more ready to go than wbcuyv
scnpicmsr starts their truck while xwvkzedcj does not, so scnpicmsr is not more ready to go than xwvkzedcj
bdfmrwm starts their truck while lttyajl does not, so lttyajl is not more ready to go than bdfmrwm
qrkmefnery starts their truck while uspvazem does not, so uspvazem is not more ready to go than qrkmefnery
pak starts their truck while iktard does not, so iktard is not more ready to go than pak
wbcuyv starts their truck while xpm does not, so xpm is not more ready to go than wbcuyv
xwvkzedcj starts their truck while scnpicmsr does not, so scnpicmsr is not more ready to go than xwvkzedcj
oxajevyuxupu wants to look their best while vbrxggxfjxs does not, so oxajevyuxupu is more diva than vbrxggxfjxs
xjkpdxp wants to look their best while ocpnhoksalzj does not, so xjkpdxp is more diva than ocpnhoksalzj
fzozcqtnxo wants to look their best while uxueh does not, so fzozcqtnxo is more diva than uxueh
ogrslu wants to look their best while gro does not, so ogrslu is more diva than gro
bdjjkiav wants to look their best while say does not, so bdjjkiav is more diva than say
oxajevyuxupu wants to look their best while vbrxggxfjxs does not, so vbrxggxfjxs is less diva than oxajevyuxupu
xjkpdxp wants to look their best while ocpnhoksalzj does not, so ocpnhoksalzj is less diva than xjkpdxp
fzozcqtnxo wants to look their best while uxueh does not, so uxueh is less diva than fzozcqtnxo
ogrslu wants to look their best while gro does not, so gro is less diva than ogrslu
bdjjkiav wants to look their best while say does not, so say is less diva than bdjjkiav
qwtejqsje wants to look their best while cnlnmwnrhv does not, so qwtejqsje is not less diva than cnlnmwnrhv
ugban wants to look their best while gtfhngtb does not, so ugban is not less diva than gtfhngtb
weix wants to look their best while hvyubbzmajqx does not, so weix is not less diva than hvyubbzmajqx
nkr wants to look their best while djue does not, so nkr is not less diva than djue
qurhlyxqjp wants to look their best while ytchsx does not, so qurhlyxqjp is not less diva than ytchsx
cnlnmwnrhv wants to look their best while qwtejqsje does not, so qwtejqsje is not more diva than cnlnmwnrhv
gtfhngtb wants to look their best while ugban does not, so ugban is not more diva than gtfhngtb
hvyubbzmajqx wants to look their best while weix does not, so weix is not more diva than hvyubbzmajqx
djue wants to look their best while nkr does not, so nkr is not more diva than djue
ytchsx wants to look their best while qurhlyxqjp does not, so qurhlyxqjp is not more diva than ytchsx
trczfswxhc rids the bike while frzboap does not, so trczfswxhc is more athletic than frzboap
skksoa rids the bike while xvaewxipzeh does not, so skksoa is more athletic than xvaewxipzeh
mlmavccqmsk rids the bike while xyoybujzpaod does not, so mlmavccqmsk is more athletic than xyoybujzpaod
sqqr rids the bike while gkcwzrban does not, so sqqr is more athletic than gkcwzrban
bzttf rids the bike while fcfjek does not, so bzttf is more athletic than fcfjek
trczfswxhc rids the bike while frzboap does not, so frzboap is less athletic than trczfswxhc
skksoa rids the bike while xvaewxipzeh does not, so xvaewxipzeh is less athletic than skksoa
mlmavccqmsk rids the bike while xyoybujzpaod does not, so xyoybujzpaod is less athletic than mlmavccqmsk
sqqr rids the bike while gkcwzrban does not, so gkcwzrban is less athletic than sqqr
bzttf rids the bike while fcfjek does not, so fcfjek is less athletic than bzttf
qdxazvakc rids the bike while empaeljeh does not, so qdxazvakc is not more athletic than empaeljeh
wypvocbwm rids the bike while mifyzg does not, so wypvocbwm is not more athletic than mifyzg
gqznlpurdieh rids the bike while bgyrzwxf does not, so gqznlpurdieh is not more athletic than bgyrzwxf
lmtaskgcmukd rids the bike while zhgen does not, so lmtaskgcmukd is not more athletic than zhgen
xbwmk rids the bike while luzrdidyit does not, so xbwmk is not more athletic than luzrdidyit
empaeljeh rids the bike while qdxazvakc does not, so qdxazvakc is not more athletic than empaeljeh
mifyzg rids the bike while wypvocbwm does not, so wypvocbwm is not more athletic than mifyzg
bgyrzwxf rids the bike while gqznlpurdieh does not, so gqznlpurdieh is not more athletic than bgyrzwxf
zhgen rids the bike while lmtaskgcmukd does not, so lmtaskgcmukd is not more athletic than zhgen
luzrdidyit rids the bike while xbwmk does not, so xbwmk is not more athletic than luzrdidyit
yov says the wrong thing while trxbafw does not, so yov is more regretful than trxbafw
nvgyma says the wrong thing while xqg does not, so nvgyma is more regretful than xqg
gbubntvwdpmd says the wrong thing while ihflwjeh does not, so gbubntvwdpmd is more regretful than ihflwjeh
bjzqxjxsact says the wrong thing while tkjfiz does not, so bjzqxjxsact is more regretful than tkjfiz
vohdwe says the wrong thing while qmwacrgwqn does not, so vohdwe is more regretful than qmwacrgwqn
yov says the wrong thing while trxbafw does not, so trxbafw is less regretful than yov
nvgyma says the wrong thing while xqg does not, so xqg is less regretful than nvgyma
gbubntvwdpmd says the wrong thing while ihflwjeh does not, so ihflwjeh is less regretful than gbubntvwdpmd
bjzqxjxsact says the wrong thing while tkjfiz does not, so tkjfiz is less regretful than bjzqxjxsact
vohdwe says the wrong thing while qmwacrgwqn does not, so qmwacrgwqn is less regretful than vohdwe
asa says the wrong thing while vhr does not, so asa is not less regretful than vhr
mcucnrbkqn says the wrong thing while gcvkaor does not, so mcucnrbkqn is not less regretful than gcvkaor
bxcsgkzmqpi says the wrong thing while owvlmq does not, so bxcsgkzmqpi is not less regretful than owvlmq
fpsnj says the wrong thing while doyayex does not, so fpsnj is not less regretful than doyayex
ixwdp says the wrong thing while yrzqmghsbib does not, so ixwdp is not less regretful than yrzqmghsbib
vhr says the wrong thing while asa does not, so asa is not more regretful than vhr
gcvkaor says the wrong thing while mcucnrbkqn does not, so mcucnrbkqn is not more regretful than gcvkaor
owvlmq says the wrong thing while bxcsgkzmqpi does not, so bxcsgkzmqpi is not more regretful than owvlmq
doyayex says the wrong thing while fpsnj does not, so fpsnj is not more regretful than doyayex
yrzqmghsbib says the wrong thing while ixwdp does not, so ixwdp is not more regretful than yrzqmghsbib
koyyqybg spills juice while uihvt does not, so koyyqybg is more clumsy than uihvt
ssqgnexse spills juice while euujbow does not, so ssqgnexse is more clumsy than euujbow
lolhecht spills juice while txura does not, so lolhecht is more clumsy than txura
xxa spills juice while khh does not, so xxa is more clumsy than khh
rmwarv spills juice while ussjbogb does not, so rmwarv is more clumsy than ussjbogb
koyyqybg spills juice while uihvt does not, so uihvt is less clumsy than koyyqybg
ssqgnexse spills juice while euujbow does not, so euujbow is less clumsy than ssqgnexse
lolhecht spills juice while txura does not, so txura is less clumsy than lolhecht
xxa spills juice while khh does not, so khh is less clumsy than xxa
rmwarv spills juice while ussjbogb does not, so ussjbogb is less clumsy than rmwarv
qxqpmddx spills juice while gtvfkoh does not, so qxqpmddx is not less clumsy than gtvfkoh
ikb spills juice while buiubsq does not, so ikb is not less clumsy than buiubsq
ehcdcldcimae spills juice while ohwuag does not, so ehcdcldcimae is not less clumsy than ohwuag
ofczyzwk spills juice while hvgsfxrei does not, so ofczyzwk is not less clumsy than hvgsfxrei
vuiajqpl spills juice while nwg does not, so vuiajqpl is not less clumsy than nwg
gtvfkoh spills juice while qxqpmddx does not, so qxqpmddx is not more clumsy than gtvfkoh
buiubsq spills juice while ikb does not, so ikb is not more clumsy than buiubsq
ohwuag spills juice while ehcdcldcimae does not, so ehcdcldcimae is not more clumsy than ohwuag
hvgsfxrei spills juice while ofczyzwk does not, so ofczyzwk is not more clumsy than hvgsfxrei
nwg spills juice while vuiajqpl does not, so vuiajqpl is not more clumsy than nwg
oucrapshdtky performs another person's duty while lpu does not, so oucrapshdtky is more gracious than lpu
dnrkhorav performs another person's duty while sckjyn does not, so dnrkhorav is more gracious than sckjyn
meevtyizvvd performs another person's duty while fnto does not, so meevtyizvvd is more gracious than fnto
tgpkznusp performs another person's duty while xqanuzvoqupe does not, so tgpkznusp is more gracious than xqanuzvoqupe
vwxcdq performs another person's duty while tihkpq does not, so vwxcdq is more gracious than tihkpq
oucrapshdtky performs another person's duty while lpu does not, so lpu is less gracious than oucrapshdtky
dnrkhorav performs another person's duty while sckjyn does not, so sckjyn is less gracious than dnrkhorav
meevtyizvvd performs another person's duty while fnto does not, so fnto is less gracious than meevtyizvvd
tgpkznusp performs another person's duty while xqanuzvoqupe does not, so xqanuzvoqupe is less gracious than tgpkznusp
vwxcdq performs another person's duty while tihkpq does not, so tihkpq is less gracious than vwxcdq
peuqmpuqrea performs another person's duty while lqbcfyyf does not, so peuqmpuqrea is not less gracious than lqbcfyyf
rtptdi performs another person's duty while zbsmtmusem does not, so rtptdi is not less gracious than zbsmtmusem
xkpqfigvzr performs another person's duty while fvt does not, so xkpqfigvzr is not less gracious than fvt
bnpsbcefeht performs another person's duty while zrteuygai does not, so bnpsbcefeht is not less gracious than zrteuygai
lcluwgayy performs another person's duty while oyvcmcx does not, so lcluwgayy is not less gracious than oyvcmcx
lqbcfyyf performs another person's duty while peuqmpuqrea does not, so peuqmpuqrea is not more gracious than lqbcfyyf
zbsmtmusem performs another person's duty while rtptdi does not, so rtptdi is not more gracious than zbsmtmusem
fvt performs another person's duty while xkpqfigvzr does not, so xkpqfigvzr is not more gracious than fvt
zrteuygai performs another person's duty while bnpsbcefeht does not, so bnpsbcefeht is not more gracious than zrteuygai
oyvcmcx performs another person's duty while lcluwgayy does not, so lcluwgayy is not more gracious than oyvcmcx
dxtzpf takes a job while dqwranhaqiqg does not, so dxtzpf is more dedicated than dqwranhaqiqg
ercmwapmnd takes a job while fxvktk does not, so ercmwapmnd is more dedicated than fxvktk
bvdublvmqqzy takes a job while efzwvwdp does not, so bvdublvmqqzy is more dedicated than efzwvwdp
cjyevtymwdc takes a job while nlzftqft does not, so cjyevtymwdc is more dedicated than nlzftqft
fytsbcxeqznu takes a job while fjjexgrpxomf does not, so fytsbcxeqznu is more dedicated than fjjexgrpxomf
dxtzpf takes a job while dqwranhaqiqg does not, so dqwranhaqiqg is less dedicated than dxtzpf
ercmwapmnd takes a job while fxvktk does not, so fxvktk is less dedicated than ercmwapmnd
bvdublvmqqzy takes a job while efzwvwdp does not, so efzwvwdp is less dedicated than bvdublvmqqzy
cjyevtymwdc takes a job while nlzftqft does not, so nlzftqft is less dedicated than cjyevtymwdc
fytsbcxeqznu takes a job while fjjexgrpxomf does not, so fjjexgrpxomf is less dedicated than fytsbcxeqznu
byu takes a job while xczgja does not, so byu is not less dedicated than xczgja
aysiztvtam takes a job while for does not, so aysiztvtam is not less dedicated than for
bnbt takes a job while qjlxpxytz does not, so bnbt is not less dedicated than qjlxpxytz
sfjwa takes a job while ihasdf does not, so sfjwa is not less dedicated than ihasdf
txhnphzzsa takes a job while msgjehbqg does not, so txhnphzzsa is not less dedicated than msgjehbqg
xczgja takes a job while byu does not, so byu is not more dedicated than xczgja
for takes a job while aysiztvtam does not, so aysiztvtam is not more dedicated than for
qjlxpxytz takes a job while bnbt does not, so bnbt is not more dedicated than qjlxpxytz
ihasdf takes a job while sfjwa does not, so sfjwa is not more dedicated than ihasdf
msgjehbqg takes a job while txhnphzzsa does not, so txhnphzzsa is not more dedicated than msgjehbqg
ddndqetww shaves all of their hair off while sygdcdvgssu does not, so ddndqetww is more determined than sygdcdvgssu
ufozuuy shaves all of their hair off while ibwvwjhrvven does not, so ufozuuy is more determined than ibwvwjhrvven
ruehc shaves all of their hair off while ayaiec does not, so ruehc is more determined than ayaiec
pwcwqb shaves all of their hair off while tzoyblgmapuq does not, so pwcwqb is more determined than tzoyblgmapuq
uluhturyonzk shaves all of their hair off while yisxgbxmhng does not, so uluhturyonzk is more determined than yisxgbxmhng
ddndqetww shaves all of their hair off while sygdcdvgssu does not, so sygdcdvgssu is less determined than ddndqetww
ufozuuy shaves all of their hair off while ibwvwjhrvven does not, so ibwvwjhrvven is less determined than ufozuuy
ruehc shaves all of their hair off while ayaiec does not, so ayaiec is less determined than ruehc
pwcwqb shaves all of their hair off while tzoyblgmapuq does not, so tzoyblgmapuq is less determined than pwcwqb
uluhturyonzk shaves all of their hair off while yisxgbxmhng does not, so yisxgbxmhng is less determined than uluhturyonzk
cxz shaves all of their hair off while anmnpn does not, so cxz is not less determined than anmnpn
jdfsrfa shaves all of their hair off while ephcz does not, so jdfsrfa is not less determined than ephcz
kol shaves all of their hair off while dztt does not, so kol is not less determined than dztt
hylsy shaves all of their hair off while gqsjabyxjqlu does not, so hylsy is not less determined than gqsjabyxjqlu
bgt shaves all of their hair off while klqd does not, so bgt is not less determined than klqd
anmnpn shaves all of their hair off while cxz does not, so cxz is not more determined than anmnpn
ephcz shaves all of their hair off while jdfsrfa does not, so jdfsrfa is not more determined than ephcz
dztt shaves all of their hair off while kol does not, so kol is not more determined than dztt
gqsjabyxjqlu shaves all of their hair off while hylsy does not, so hylsy is not more determined than gqsjabyxjqlu
klqd shaves all of their hair off while bgt does not, so bgt is not more determined than klqd
bys gets another person sleep while hxwmbc does not, so bys is less boring than hxwmbc
zue gets another person sleep while bojjmzyzsa does not, so zue is less boring than bojjmzyzsa
vwawxy gets another person sleep while cmtqq does not, so vwawxy is less boring than cmtqq
rjwwls gets another person sleep while qxjqdj does not, so rjwwls is less boring than qxjqdj
oiimfglquyg gets another person sleep while dgn does not, so oiimfglquyg is less boring than dgn
bys gets another person sleep while hxwmbc does not, so hxwmbc is less boring than bys
zue gets another person sleep while bojjmzyzsa does not, so bojjmzyzsa is less boring than zue
vwawxy gets another person sleep while cmtqq does not, so cmtqq is less boring than vwawxy
rjwwls gets another person sleep while qxjqdj does not, so qxjqdj is less boring than rjwwls
oiimfglquyg gets another person sleep while dgn does not, so dgn is less boring than oiimfglquyg
qbjlfplrh gets another person sleep while slv does not, so qbjlfplrh is not less boring than slv
mgwnxxqvi gets another person sleep while hcwxsydux does not, so mgwnxxqvi is not less boring than hcwxsydux
gqhqetcj gets another person sleep while bekcriulghay does not, so gqhqetcj is not less boring than bekcriulghay
mshxw gets another person sleep while igmgftlbvno does not, so mshxw is not less boring than igmgftlbvno
hqqs gets another person sleep while gvascqcxun does not, so hqqs is not less boring than gvascqcxun
slv gets another person sleep while qbjlfplrh does not, so qbjlfplrh is not more boring than slv
hcwxsydux gets another person sleep while mgwnxxqvi does not, so mgwnxxqvi is not more boring than hcwxsydux
bekcriulghay gets another person sleep while gqhqetcj does not, so gqhqetcj is not more boring than bekcriulghay
igmgftlbvno gets another person sleep while mshxw does not, so mshxw is not more boring than igmgftlbvno
gvascqcxun gets another person sleep while hqqs does not, so hqqs is not more boring than gvascqcxun
eldoutzxfku tries not to panic while brzqlxvoj does not, so eldoutzxfku is more scared than brzqlxvoj
mzdnv tries not to panic while txrsxjvse does not, so mzdnv is more scared than txrsxjvse
dctidi tries not to panic while oxus does not, so dctidi is more scared than oxus
otshilv tries not to panic while lwrdjpuwdp does not, so otshilv is more scared than lwrdjpuwdp
jbe tries not to panic while tnhwcekw does not, so jbe is more scared than tnhwcekw
eldoutzxfku tries not to panic while brzqlxvoj does not, so brzqlxvoj is less scared than eldoutzxfku
mzdnv tries not to panic while txrsxjvse does not, so txrsxjvse is less scared than mzdnv
dctidi tries not to panic while oxus does not, so oxus is less scared than dctidi
otshilv tries not to panic while lwrdjpuwdp does not, so lwrdjpuwdp is less scared than otshilv
jbe tries not to panic while tnhwcekw does not, so tnhwcekw is less scared than jbe
mwhvlkynbj tries not to panic while jeguav does not, so mwhvlkynbj is not less scared than jeguav
vmyc tries not to panic while jgsqqhk does not, so vmyc is not less scared than jgsqqhk
hyb tries not to panic while gzjcellzvbxb does not, so hyb is not less scared than gzjcellzvbxb
roncpnegfcvv tries not to panic while dwbnqtvmest does not, so roncpnegfcvv is not less scared than dwbnqtvmest
vhl tries not to panic while dwabfvmbuch does not, so vhl is not less scared than dwabfvmbuch
jeguav tries not to panic while mwhvlkynbj does not, so mwhvlkynbj is not more scared than jeguav
jgsqqhk tries not to panic while vmyc does not, so vmyc is not more scared than jgsqqhk
gzjcellzvbxb tries not to panic while hyb does not, so hyb is not more scared than gzjcellzvbxb
dwbnqtvmest tries not to panic while roncpnegfcvv does not, so roncpnegfcvv is not more scared than dwbnqtvmest
dwabfvmbuch tries not to panic while vhl does not, so vhl is not more scared than dwabfvmbuch
kczafrptvyga affords a car while pyvfhmtqeoq does not, so kczafrptvyga is more finished than pyvfhmtqeoq
puzsubsmr affords a car while utqbyz does not, so puzsubsmr is more finished than utqbyz
syqtoijnx affords a car while qstxy does not, so syqtoijnx is more finished than qstxy
fbufffwup affords a car while ndsbwsba does not, so fbufffwup is more finished than ndsbwsba
dpvsbecdkpeh affords a car while roukspabwxvu does not, so dpvsbecdkpeh is more finished than roukspabwxvu
kczafrptvyga affords a car while pyvfhmtqeoq does not, so pyvfhmtqeoq is less finished than kczafrptvyga
puzsubsmr affords a car while utqbyz does not, so utqbyz is less finished than puzsubsmr
syqtoijnx affords a car while qstxy does not, so qstxy is less finished than syqtoijnx
fbufffwup affords a car while ndsbwsba does not, so ndsbwsba is less finished than fbufffwup
dpvsbecdkpeh affords a car while roukspabwxvu does not, so roukspabwxvu is less finished than dpvsbecdkpeh
btmrakxoio affords a car while bmmbi does not, so btmrakxoio is not less finished than bmmbi
zjxdx affords a car while qnpjjipsbkau does not, so zjxdx is not less finished than qnpjjipsbkau
rigimupcsry affords a car while jjsmexocw does not, so rigimupcsry is not less finished than jjsmexocw
jsguixpbc affords a car while ejrsoxm does not, so jsguixpbc is not less finished than ejrsoxm
bfgizzky affords a car while mbzothpilf does not, so bfgizzky is not less finished than mbzothpilf
bmmbi affords a car while btmrakxoio does not, so btmrakxoio is not more finished than bmmbi
qnpjjipsbkau affords a car while zjxdx does not, so zjxdx is not more finished than qnpjjipsbkau
jjsmexocw affords a car while rigimupcsry does not, so rigimupcsry is not more finished than jjsmexocw
ejrsoxm affords a car while jsguixpbc does not, so jsguixpbc is not more finished than ejrsoxm
mbzothpilf affords a car while bfgizzky does not, so bfgizzky is not more finished than mbzothpilf
dwbetyrffys buys a new fish while tynjina does not, so dwbetyrffys is more excitable than tynjina
fyude buys a new fish while favaltl does not, so fyude is more excitable than favaltl
axqrrtrcxfoa buys a new fish while griwc does not, so axqrrtrcxfoa is more excitable than griwc
yiie buys a new fish while qoqf does not, so yiie is more excitable than qoqf
rqnh buys a new fish while wyzdwlljarnx does not, so rqnh is more excitable than wyzdwlljarnx
dwbetyrffys buys a new fish while tynjina does not, so tynjina is less excitable than dwbetyrffys
fyude buys a new fish while favaltl does not, so favaltl is less excitable than fyude
axqrrtrcxfoa buys a new fish while griwc does not, so griwc is less excitable than axqrrtrcxfoa
yiie buys a new fish while qoqf does not, so qoqf is less excitable than yiie
rqnh buys a new fish while wyzdwlljarnx does not, so wyzdwlljarnx is less excitable than rqnh
ysynmruplqab buys a new fish while gqno does not, so ysynmruplqab is not less excitable than gqno
jmteo buys a new fish while enxhzshl does not, so jmteo is not less excitable than enxhzshl
vcubpjd buys a new fish while jayleeuft does not, so vcubpjd is not less excitable than jayleeuft
fdsjlo buys a new fish while xiweiqwlqt does not, so fdsjlo is not less excitable than xiweiqwlqt
dhnmylt buys a new fish while iefvnuv does not, so dhnmylt is not less excitable than iefvnuv
gqno buys a new fish while ysynmruplqab does not, so ysynmruplqab is not more excitable than gqno
enxhzshl buys a new fish while jmteo does not, so jmteo is not more excitable than enxhzshl
jayleeuft buys a new fish while vcubpjd does not, so vcubpjd is not more excitable than jayleeuft
xiweiqwlqt buys a new fish while fdsjlo does not, so fdsjlo is not more excitable than xiweiqwlqt
iefvnuv buys a new fish while dhnmylt does not, so dhnmylt is not more excitable than iefvnuv
tbfxotntb looks up into another person's eyes while gkf does not, so tbfxotntb is more special than gkf
abyaapj looks up into another person's eyes while hkmcrojsa does not, so abyaapj is more special than hkmcrojsa
plepniypom looks up into another person's eyes while stonzyzzrqt does not, so plepniypom is more special than stonzyzzrqt
fuvsknblr looks up into another person's eyes while bjracuu does not, so fuvsknblr is more special than bjracuu
xockxsoykasw looks up into another person's eyes while xspgpnoqcb does not, so xockxsoykasw is more special than xspgpnoqcb
tbfxotntb looks up into another person's eyes while gkf does not, so gkf is less special than tbfxotntb
abyaapj looks up into another person's eyes while hkmcrojsa does not, so hkmcrojsa is less special than abyaapj
plepniypom looks up into another person's eyes while stonzyzzrqt does not, so stonzyzzrqt is less special than plepniypom
fuvsknblr looks up into another person's eyes while bjracuu does not, so bjracuu is less special than fuvsknblr
xockxsoykasw looks up into another person's eyes while xspgpnoqcb does not, so xspgpnoqcb is less special than xockxsoykasw
tduvyihyw looks up into another person's eyes while elnkswidte does not, so tduvyihyw is not more special than elnkswidte
cltdfoyljnov looks up into another person's eyes while omzrbxols does not, so cltdfoyljnov is not more special than omzrbxols
uqjcplty looks up into another person's eyes while mwxnozf does not, so uqjcplty is not more special than mwxnozf
admpabhdx looks up into another person's eyes while icta does not, so admpabhdx is not more special than icta
lihhzbzs looks up into another person's eyes while lnxunljam does not, so lihhzbzs is not more special than lnxunljam
elnkswidte looks up into another person's eyes while tduvyihyw does not, so tduvyihyw is not more special than elnkswidte
omzrbxols looks up into another person's eyes while cltdfoyljnov does not, so cltdfoyljnov is not more special than omzrbxols
mwxnozf looks up into another person's eyes while uqjcplty does not, so uqjcplty is not more special than mwxnozf
icta looks up into another person's eyes while admpabhdx does not, so admpabhdx is not more special than icta
lnxunljam looks up into another person's eyes while lihhzbzs does not, so lihhzbzs is not more special than lnxunljam
daxcvveexa is cleaning another person's house while rqtxdmkyuo is not, so daxcvveexa is more helpful than rqtxdmkyuo
rxeeearuocx is cleaning another person's house while mqhukpiw is not, so rxeeearuocx is more helpful than mqhukpiw
xwlfls is cleaning another person's house while qhezjgthg is not, so xwlfls is more helpful than qhezjgthg
ljs is cleaning another person's house while lpvcvphvtsx is not, so ljs is more helpful than lpvcvphvtsx
pjvqja is cleaning another person's house while wxasrhywel is not, so pjvqja is more helpful than wxasrhywel
daxcvveexa is cleaning another person's house while rqtxdmkyuo is not, so rqtxdmkyuo is less helpful than daxcvveexa
rxeeearuocx is cleaning another person's house while mqhukpiw is not, so mqhukpiw is less helpful than rxeeearuocx
xwlfls is cleaning another person's house while qhezjgthg is not, so qhezjgthg is less helpful than xwlfls
ljs is cleaning another person's house while lpvcvphvtsx is not, so lpvcvphvtsx is less helpful than ljs
pjvqja is cleaning another person's house while wxasrhywel is not, so wxasrhywel is less helpful than pjvqja
xchbjw is cleaning another person's house while hrozhbe is not, so xchbjw is not less helpful than hrozhbe
lcelr is cleaning another person's house while zenjt is not, so lcelr is not less helpful than zenjt
ned is cleaning another person's house while wdba is not, so ned is not less helpful than wdba
vsbyxjsxd is cleaning another person's house while iwvrbaz is not, so vsbyxjsxd is not less helpful than iwvrbaz
ezg is cleaning another person's house while kli is not, so ezg is not less helpful than kli
hrozhbe is cleaning another person's house while xchbjw is not, so xchbjw is not more helpful than hrozhbe
zenjt is cleaning another person's house while lcelr is not, so lcelr is not more helpful than zenjt
wdba is cleaning another person's house while ned is not, so ned is not more helpful than wdba
iwvrbaz is cleaning another person's house while vsbyxjsxd is not, so vsbyxjsxd is not more helpful than iwvrbaz
kli is cleaning another person's house while ezg is not, so ezg is not more helpful than kli
xtftvggsjc gets a good night 's rest while xzgjesz does not, so xtftvggsjc is more awake than xzgjesz
bqcojvkdg gets a good night 's rest while abr does not, so bqcojvkdg is more awake than abr
pvdhnbccss gets a good night 's rest while lcyzjla does not, so pvdhnbccss is more awake than lcyzjla
vmgj gets a good night 's rest while jbwocgegsow does not, so vmgj is more awake than jbwocgegsow
hesyss gets a good night 's rest while tnovllccafx does not, so hesyss is more awake than tnovllccafx
xtftvggsjc gets a good night 's rest while xzgjesz does not, so xzgjesz is less awake than xtftvggsjc
bqcojvkdg gets a good night 's rest while abr does not, so abr is less awake than bqcojvkdg
pvdhnbccss gets a good night 's rest while lcyzjla does not, so lcyzjla is less awake than pvdhnbccss
vmgj gets a good night 's rest while jbwocgegsow does not, so jbwocgegsow is less awake than vmgj
hesyss gets a good night 's rest while tnovllccafx does not, so tnovllccafx is less awake than hesyss
uli gets a good night 's rest while pded does not, so uli is not less awake than pded
yrtgywivkadm gets a good night 's rest while axai does not, so yrtgywivkadm is not less awake than axai
eqtvxnlp gets a good night 's rest while qrziwtqsia does not, so eqtvxnlp is not less awake than qrziwtqsia
vjpnhdgyua gets a good night 's rest while vvd does not, so vjpnhdgyua is not less awake than vvd
jjmakr gets a good night 's rest while csogpclq does not, so jjmakr is not less awake than csogpclq
pded gets a good night 's rest while uli does not, so uli is not more awake than pded
axai gets a good night 's rest while yrtgywivkadm does not, so yrtgywivkadm is not more awake than axai
qrziwtqsia gets a good night 's rest while eqtvxnlp does not, so eqtvxnlp is not more awake than qrziwtqsia
vvd gets a good night 's rest while vjpnhdgyua does not, so vjpnhdgyua is not more awake than vvd
csogpclq gets a good night 's rest while jjmakr does not, so jjmakr is not more awake than csogpclq
hzgj drums another person's fingers while ruqfxhx does not, so hzgj is more annoying than ruqfxhx
csgij drums another person's fingers while fqz does not, so csgij is more annoying than fqz
uxue drums another person's fingers while zojra does not, so uxue is more annoying than zojra
fimxkkfxrns drums another person's fingers while pkkdqrua does not, so fimxkkfxrns is more annoying than pkkdqrua
halyqto drums another person's fingers while yyv does not, so halyqto is more annoying than yyv
hzgj drums another person's fingers while ruqfxhx does not, so ruqfxhx is less annoying than hzgj
csgij drums another person's fingers while fqz does not, so fqz is less annoying than csgij
uxue drums another person's fingers while zojra does not, so zojra is less annoying than uxue
fimxkkfxrns drums another person's fingers while pkkdqrua does not, so pkkdqrua is less annoying than fimxkkfxrns
halyqto drums another person's fingers while yyv does not, so yyv is less annoying than halyqto
bseisfokmrf drums another person's fingers while jvtenuggc does not, so bseisfokmrf is not less annoying than jvtenuggc
idzerwaogcw drums another person's fingers while jkdzvrjh does not, so idzerwaogcw is not less annoying than jkdzvrjh
sgbarwevwn drums another person's fingers while sniihpidhqxk does not, so sgbarwevwn is not less annoying than sniihpidhqxk
bduqrnlf drums another person's fingers while ujbyylu does not, so bduqrnlf is not less annoying than ujbyylu
fgbl drums another person's fingers while ttyagaksmoe does not, so fgbl is not less annoying than ttyagaksmoe
jvtenuggc drums another person's fingers while bseisfokmrf does not, so bseisfokmrf is not more annoying than jvtenuggc
jkdzvrjh drums another person's fingers while idzerwaogcw does not, so idzerwaogcw is not more annoying than jkdzvrjh
sniihpidhqxk drums another person's fingers while sgbarwevwn does not, so sgbarwevwn is not more annoying than sniihpidhqxk
ujbyylu drums another person's fingers while bduqrnlf does not, so bduqrnlf is not more annoying than ujbyylu
ttyagaksmoe drums another person's fingers while fgbl does not, so fgbl is not more annoying than ttyagaksmoe
fnudprfcnbzr tastes weird while oxbkhqad does not, so fnudprfcnbzr is more sour than oxbkhqad
lzczkdpjvmk tastes weird while atxgbajyhvpi does not, so lzczkdpjvmk is more sour than atxgbajyhvpi
pkgkfgy tastes weird while zqooh does not, so pkgkfgy is more sour than zqooh
bulsd tastes weird while csrvhyggagg does not, so bulsd is more sour than csrvhyggagg
pbqoy tastes weird while aydg does not, so pbqoy is more sour than aydg
fnudprfcnbzr tastes weird while oxbkhqad does not, so oxbkhqad is less sour than fnudprfcnbzr
lzczkdpjvmk tastes weird while atxgbajyhvpi does not, so atxgbajyhvpi is less sour than lzczkdpjvmk
pkgkfgy tastes weird while zqooh does not, so zqooh is less sour than pkgkfgy
bulsd tastes weird while csrvhyggagg does not, so csrvhyggagg is less sour than bulsd
pbqoy tastes weird while aydg does not, so aydg is less sour than pbqoy
gmgcivz tastes weird while kwnni does not, so gmgcivz is not less sour than kwnni
hte tastes weird while duhxf does not, so hte is not less sour than duhxf
plfhkjrhkrb tastes weird while phackfyyj does not, so plfhkjrhkrb is not less sour than phackfyyj
zolnpqpo tastes weird while alsyorgbqxxy does not, so zolnpqpo is not less sour than alsyorgbqxxy
ulfmtbtqkzvd tastes weird while nvwilc does not, so ulfmtbtqkzvd is not less sour than nvwilc
kwnni tastes weird while gmgcivz does not, so gmgcivz is not more sour than kwnni
duhxf tastes weird while hte does not, so hte is not more sour than duhxf
phackfyyj tastes weird while plfhkjrhkrb does not, so plfhkjrhkrb is not more sour than phackfyyj
alsyorgbqxxy tastes weird while zolnpqpo does not, so zolnpqpo is not more sour than alsyorgbqxxy
nvwilc tastes weird while ulfmtbtqkzvd does not, so ulfmtbtqkzvd is not more sour than nvwilc
lmux gets checked out while dvpftsr does not, so lmux is more aware than dvpftsr
lolzxrja gets checked out while khxeg does not, so lolzxrja is more aware than khxeg
dlygywoarfks gets checked out while fwuhuwgkm does not, so dlygywoarfks is more aware than fwuhuwgkm
nprjojm gets checked out while enzkrndomy does not, so nprjojm is more aware than enzkrndomy
hhhibvcljfb gets checked out while xyoixwqpxh does not, so hhhibvcljfb is more aware than xyoixwqpxh
lmux gets checked out while dvpftsr does not, so dvpftsr is less aware than lmux
lolzxrja gets checked out while khxeg does not, so khxeg is less aware than lolzxrja
dlygywoarfks gets checked out while fwuhuwgkm does not, so fwuhuwgkm is less aware than dlygywoarfks
nprjojm gets checked out while enzkrndomy does not, so enzkrndomy is less aware than nprjojm
hhhibvcljfb gets checked out while xyoixwqpxh does not, so xyoixwqpxh is less aware than hhhibvcljfb
lrh gets checked out while ouaufww does not, so lrh is not less aware than ouaufww
mgnlapbj gets checked out while zynxnpsseskd does not, so mgnlapbj is not less aware than zynxnpsseskd
dmkhukq gets checked out while jorho does not, so dmkhukq is not less aware than jorho
hvpoxmjljo gets checked out while indc does not, so hvpoxmjljo is not less aware than indc
urh gets checked out while wixqyfjxjq does not, so urh is not less aware than wixqyfjxjq
ouaufww gets checked out while lrh does not, so lrh is not more aware than ouaufww
zynxnpsseskd gets checked out while mgnlapbj does not, so mgnlapbj is not more aware than zynxnpsseskd
jorho gets checked out while dmkhukq does not, so dmkhukq is not more aware than jorho
indc gets checked out while hvpoxmjljo does not, so hvpoxmjljo is not more aware than indc
wixqyfjxjq gets checked out while urh does not, so urh is not more aware than wixqyfjxjq
qpezfq pulls another person close while droqsgpkyidc does not, so qpezfq is more romantic than droqsgpkyidc
wwrwbgnsynk pulls another person close while oqnkkx does not, so wwrwbgnsynk is more romantic than oqnkkx
frxtf pulls another person close while rhfpbb does not, so frxtf is more romantic than rhfpbb
xjtiggbp pulls another person close while jukqu does not, so xjtiggbp is more romantic than jukqu
djanlac pulls another person close while hyojqsp does not, so djanlac is more romantic than hyojqsp
qpezfq pulls another person close while droqsgpkyidc does not, so droqsgpkyidc is less romantic than qpezfq
wwrwbgnsynk pulls another person close while oqnkkx does not, so oqnkkx is less romantic than wwrwbgnsynk
frxtf pulls another person close while rhfpbb does not, so rhfpbb is less romantic than frxtf
xjtiggbp pulls another person close while jukqu does not, so jukqu is less romantic than xjtiggbp
djanlac pulls another person close while hyojqsp does not, so hyojqsp is less romantic than djanlac
eppbgmbnckio pulls another person close while ixijkuca does not, so eppbgmbnckio is not less romantic than ixijkuca
szdypcmvstgv pulls another person close while eydfkbb does not, so szdypcmvstgv is not less romantic than eydfkbb
zusozgqaxwn pulls another person close while cbh does not, so zusozgqaxwn is not less romantic than cbh
nvl pulls another person close while phclayshe does not, so nvl is not less romantic than phclayshe
rwqjhpqooh pulls another person close while reyssnaq does not, so rwqjhpqooh is not less romantic than reyssnaq
ixijkuca pulls another person close while eppbgmbnckio does not, so eppbgmbnckio is not more romantic than ixijkuca
eydfkbb pulls another person close while szdypcmvstgv does not, so szdypcmvstgv is not more romantic than eydfkbb
cbh pulls another person close while zusozgqaxwn does not, so zusozgqaxwn is not more romantic than cbh
phclayshe pulls another person close while nvl does not, so nvl is not more romantic than phclayshe
reyssnaq pulls another person close while rwqjhpqooh does not, so rwqjhpqooh is not more romantic than reyssnaq
attxa is a young girl, ydtidg is not, so attxa is more happy than ydtidg
pdaoajlzghm is a young girl, icahsch is not, so pdaoajlzghm is more happy than icahsch
oekxadfea is a young girl, gekjhunq is not, so oekxadfea is more happy than gekjhunq
estjvzhvv is a young girl, okpmicpyidp is not, so estjvzhvv is more happy than okpmicpyidp
hcgnsuenes is a young girl, gmwjrncin is not, so hcgnsuenes is more happy than gmwjrncin
attxa is a young girl, ydtidg is not, so ydtidg is less happy than attxa
pdaoajlzghm is a young girl, icahsch is not, so icahsch is less happy than pdaoajlzghm
oekxadfea is a young girl, gekjhunq is not, so gekjhunq is less happy than oekxadfea
estjvzhvv is a young girl, okpmicpyidp is not, so okpmicpyidp is less happy than estjvzhvv
hcgnsuenes is a young girl, gmwjrncin is not, so gmwjrncin is less happy than hcgnsuenes
gamgfkd is a young girl, teyiubyin is not, so gamgfkd is not less happy than teyiubyin
yowsxcy is a young girl, wuoofn is not, so yowsxcy is not less happy than wuoofn
hutnllkjkj is a young girl, zmwzqkjzrcur is not, so hutnllkjkj is not less happy than zmwzqkjzrcur
dfjiq is a young girl, uvdzyhod is not, so dfjiq is not less happy than uvdzyhod
liefitn is a young girl, hmfe is not, so liefitn is not less happy than hmfe
teyiubyin is a young girl, gamgfkd is not, so gamgfkd is not more happy than teyiubyin
wuoofn is a young girl, yowsxcy is not, so yowsxcy is not more happy than wuoofn
zmwzqkjzrcur is a young girl, hutnllkjkj is not, so hutnllkjkj is not more happy than zmwzqkjzrcur
uvdzyhod is a young girl, dfjiq is not, so dfjiq is not more happy than uvdzyhod
hmfe is a young girl, liefitn is not, so liefitn is not more happy than hmfe
fynddnq gets their towel while phdsjpnmvt does not, so fynddnq is more wet than phdsjpnmvt
pqfrgdwlizub gets their towel while uvttao does not, so pqfrgdwlizub is more wet than uvttao
tcpg gets their towel while ckhxgfwws does not, so tcpg is more wet than ckhxgfwws
qtx gets their towel while wumxedt does not, so qtx is more wet than wumxedt
twlecpiyuwd gets their towel while pwvncjrad does not, so twlecpiyuwd is more wet than pwvncjrad
fynddnq gets their towel while phdsjpnmvt does not, so phdsjpnmvt is less wet than fynddnq
pqfrgdwlizub gets their towel while uvttao does not, so uvttao is less wet than pqfrgdwlizub
tcpg gets their towel while ckhxgfwws does not, so ckhxgfwws is less wet than tcpg
qtx gets their towel while wumxedt does not, so wumxedt is less wet than qtx
twlecpiyuwd gets their towel while pwvncjrad does not, so pwvncjrad is less wet than twlecpiyuwd
zsymwhtjrnb gets their towel while evbqkcwdiku does not, so zsymwhtjrnb is not less wet than evbqkcwdiku
ytjrrlyfrw gets their towel while torlunn does not, so ytjrrlyfrw is not less wet than torlunn
vdeynux gets their towel while koqjg does not, so vdeynux is not less wet than koqjg
fziyltirpuvt gets their towel while oxuir does not, so fziyltirpuvt is not less wet than oxuir
rxyzgj gets their towel while umnzrxakq does not, so rxyzgj is not less wet than umnzrxakq
evbqkcwdiku gets their towel while zsymwhtjrnb does not, so zsymwhtjrnb is not less wet than evbqkcwdiku
torlunn gets their towel while ytjrrlyfrw does not, so ytjrrlyfrw is not less wet than torlunn
koqjg gets their towel while vdeynux does not, so vdeynux is not less wet than koqjg
oxuir gets their towel while fziyltirpuvt does not, so fziyltirpuvt is not less wet than oxuir
umnzrxakq gets their towel while rxyzgj does not, so rxyzgj is not less wet than umnzrxakq
racrfeaecl reaches their peak while zrunyc does not, so racrfeaecl is less successful than zrunyc
tizmoiha reaches their peak while wmf does not, so tizmoiha is less successful than wmf
btrhjwdmhz reaches their peak while bib does not, so btrhjwdmhz is less successful than bib
nqxjvwpufcsa reaches their peak while xvp does not, so nqxjvwpufcsa is less successful than xvp
zjdgesez reaches their peak while xoepv does not, so zjdgesez is less successful than xoepv
racrfeaecl reaches their peak while zrunyc does not, so zrunyc is less successful than racrfeaecl
tizmoiha reaches their peak while wmf does not, so wmf is less successful than tizmoiha
btrhjwdmhz reaches their peak while bib does not, so bib is less successful than btrhjwdmhz
nqxjvwpufcsa reaches their peak while xvp does not, so xvp is less successful than nqxjvwpufcsa
zjdgesez reaches their peak while xoepv does not, so xoepv is less successful than zjdgesez
xjxtnyow reaches their peak while itwvxiqm does not, so xjxtnyow is not less successful than itwvxiqm
mnposim reaches their peak while xkgprbsry does not, so mnposim is not less successful than xkgprbsry
gosix reaches their peak while pjqclcq does not, so gosix is not less successful than pjqclcq
ggbudyupam reaches their peak while bhhx does not, so ggbudyupam is not less successful than bhhx
qvslaatqfn reaches their peak while curf does not, so qvslaatqfn is not less successful than curf
itwvxiqm reaches their peak while xjxtnyow does not, so xjxtnyow is not more successful than itwvxiqm
xkgprbsry reaches their peak while mnposim does not, so mnposim is not more successful than xkgprbsry
pjqclcq reaches their peak while gosix does not, so gosix is not more successful than pjqclcq
bhhx reaches their peak while ggbudyupam does not, so ggbudyupam is not more successful than bhhx
curf reaches their peak while qvslaatqfn does not, so qvslaatqfn is not more successful than curf
wlpkrr boos another person off the stage while oqwytdxj does not, so wlpkrr is more rude than oqwytdxj
nwkvoim boos another person off the stage while hsuvzg does not, so nwkvoim is more rude than hsuvzg
akiu boos another person off the stage while mxujiqfiie does not, so akiu is more rude than mxujiqfiie
rdcapagqtkhv boos another person off the stage while ougzm does not, so rdcapagqtkhv is more rude than ougzm
ano boos another person off the stage while scrctmk does not, so ano is more rude than scrctmk
wlpkrr boos another person off the stage while oqwytdxj does not, so oqwytdxj is less rude than wlpkrr
nwkvoim boos another person off the stage while hsuvzg does not, so hsuvzg is less rude than nwkvoim
akiu boos another person off the stage while mxujiqfiie does not, so mxujiqfiie is less rude than akiu
rdcapagqtkhv boos another person off the stage while ougzm does not, so ougzm is less rude than rdcapagqtkhv
ano boos another person off the stage while scrctmk does not, so scrctmk is less rude than ano
klkzmetgk boos another person off the stage while igsdkfop does not, so klkzmetgk is not less rude than igsdkfop
qyqjplukmng boos another person off the stage while jrpillf does not, so qyqjplukmng is not less rude than jrpillf
xiylyzcxbfq boos another person off the stage while lgv does not, so xiylyzcxbfq is not less rude than lgv
ymsnravrzu boos another person off the stage while kqtemoq does not, so ymsnravrzu is not less rude than kqtemoq
gyvdmjioeh boos another person off the stage while wqpwulnfjaw does not, so gyvdmjioeh is not less rude than wqpwulnfjaw
igsdkfop boos another person off the stage while klkzmetgk does not, so klkzmetgk is not more rude than igsdkfop
jrpillf boos another person off the stage while qyqjplukmng does not, so qyqjplukmng is not more rude than jrpillf
lgv boos another person off the stage while xiylyzcxbfq does not, so xiylyzcxbfq is not more rude than lgv
kqtemoq boos another person off the stage while ymsnravrzu does not, so ymsnravrzu is not more rude than kqtemoq
wqpwulnfjaw boos another person off the stage while gyvdmjioeh does not, so gyvdmjioeh is not more rude than wqpwulnfjaw
fbaxbvebil throws open the door while acjsbjrps does not, so fbaxbvebil is less bombastic than acjsbjrps
ning throws open the door while thrxl does not, so ning is less bombastic than thrxl
spucexyigeqv throws open the door while jguter does not, so spucexyigeqv is less bombastic than jguter
wouudfaugfd throws open the door while drw does not, so wouudfaugfd is less bombastic than drw
uhq throws open the door while iwvyygn does not, so uhq is less bombastic than iwvyygn
fbaxbvebil throws open the door while acjsbjrps does not, so acjsbjrps is less bombastic than fbaxbvebil
ning throws open the door while thrxl does not, so thrxl is less bombastic than ning
spucexyigeqv throws open the door while jguter does not, so jguter is less bombastic than spucexyigeqv
wouudfaugfd throws open the door while drw does not, so drw is less bombastic than wouudfaugfd
uhq throws open the door while iwvyygn does not, so iwvyygn is less bombastic than uhq
ybjjhaci throws open the door while mxxns does not, so ybjjhaci is not less bombastic than mxxns
pfu throws open the door while eytssktjyra does not, so pfu is not less bombastic than eytssktjyra
njah throws open the door while nmimfd does not, so njah is not less bombastic than nmimfd
qpcrih throws open the door while pnkttecfqai does not, so qpcrih is not less bombastic than pnkttecfqai
znipi throws open the door while oaeyrwvigxbj does not, so znipi is not less bombastic than oaeyrwvigxbj
mxxns throws open the door while ybjjhaci does not, so ybjjhaci is not more bombastic than mxxns
eytssktjyra throws open the door while pfu does not, so pfu is not more bombastic than eytssktjyra
nmimfd throws open the door while njah does not, so njah is not more bombastic than nmimfd
pnkttecfqai throws open the door while qpcrih does not, so qpcrih is not more bombastic than pnkttecfqai
oaeyrwvigxbj throws open the door while znipi does not, so znipi is not more bombastic than oaeyrwvigxbj
ieqthi dies their hair while omiokeavgjb does not, so ieqthi is more self-conscious than omiokeavgjb
wqnx dies their hair while ixu does not, so wqnx is more self-conscious than ixu
djgg dies their hair while yoawfmwalqj does not, so djgg is more self-conscious than yoawfmwalqj
njgvphblabj dies their hair while auccwiuwtp does not, so njgvphblabj is more self-conscious than auccwiuwtp
bqpredaf dies their hair while weoawiglfk does not, so bqpredaf is more self-conscious than weoawiglfk
ieqthi dies their hair while omiokeavgjb does not, so omiokeavgjb is less self-conscious than ieqthi
wqnx dies their hair while ixu does not, so ixu is less self-conscious than wqnx
djgg dies their hair while yoawfmwalqj does not, so yoawfmwalqj is less self-conscious than djgg
njgvphblabj dies their hair while auccwiuwtp does not, so auccwiuwtp is less self-conscious than njgvphblabj
bqpredaf dies their hair while weoawiglfk does not, so weoawiglfk is less self-conscious than bqpredaf
cthfjtsoefv dies their hair while xijir does not, so cthfjtsoefv is not less self-conscious than xijir
ppxfoxrilrn dies their hair while czg does not, so ppxfoxrilrn is not less self-conscious than czg
uti dies their hair while vsscwral does not, so uti is not less self-conscious than vsscwral
otzyl dies their hair while eqrxfakres does not, so otzyl is not less self-conscious than eqrxfakres
xwrxpcw dies their hair while crxvolk does not, so xwrxpcw is not less self-conscious than crxvolk
xijir dies their hair while cthfjtsoefv does not, so cthfjtsoefv is not more self-conscious than xijir
czg dies their hair while ppxfoxrilrn does not, so ppxfoxrilrn is not more self-conscious than czg
vsscwral dies their hair while uti does not, so uti is not more self-conscious than vsscwral
eqrxfakres dies their hair while otzyl does not, so otzyl is not more self-conscious than eqrxfakres
crxvolk dies their hair while xwrxpcw does not, so xwrxpcw is not more self-conscious than crxvolk
nwopuvlhtsma becomes very close while axtouqwda does not, so nwopuvlhtsma is more open than axtouqwda
exvtgjeujxc becomes very close while vhcxgjxusfc does not, so exvtgjeujxc is more open than vhcxgjxusfc
qnwaotaogj becomes very close while nhdvdwuatd does not, so qnwaotaogj is more open than nhdvdwuatd
yaoqh becomes very close while vdddrgbxuv does not, so yaoqh is more open than vdddrgbxuv
tchwgnjtzrl becomes very close while kmbgq does not, so tchwgnjtzrl is more open than kmbgq
nwopuvlhtsma becomes very close to axtouqwda while axtouqwda does not, so axtouqwda is less open than nwopuvlhtsma
exvtgjeujxc becomes very close to vhcxgjxusfc while vhcxgjxusfc does not, so vhcxgjxusfc is less open than exvtgjeujxc
qnwaotaogj becomes very close to nhdvdwuatd while nhdvdwuatd does not, so nhdvdwuatd is less open than qnwaotaogj
yaoqh becomes very close to vdddrgbxuv while vdddrgbxuv does not, so vdddrgbxuv is less open than yaoqh
tchwgnjtzrl becomes very close to kmbgq while kmbgq does not, so kmbgq is less open than tchwgnjtzrl
ouotuystlcxe becomes very close to gyk while gyk does not, so ouotuystlcxe is not less open than gyk
ncdqv becomes very close to rbqh while rbqh does not, so ncdqv is not less open than rbqh
pirqwxrh becomes very close to gyeppkxj while gyeppkxj does not, so pirqwxrh is not less open than gyeppkxj
uemax becomes very close to fxomqchk while fxomqchk does not, so uemax is not less open than fxomqchk
uetxmxbnscf becomes very close to jarchnedppm while jarchnedppm does not, so uetxmxbnscf is not less open than jarchnedppm
gyk becomes very close to ouotuystlcxe while ouotuystlcxe is not, so ouotuystlcxe is not more open than gyk
rbqh becomes very close to ncdqv while ncdqv is not, so ncdqv is not more open than rbqh
gyeppkxj becomes very close to pirqwxrh while pirqwxrh is not, so pirqwxrh is not more open than gyeppkxj
fxomqchk becomes very close to uemax while uemax is not, so uemax is not more open than fxomqchk
jarchnedppm becomes very close to uetxmxbnscf while uetxmxbnscf is not, so uetxmxbnscf is not more open than jarchnedppm
elg makes cuts from the team while rmem does not, so elg is more unlucky than rmem
akxyvpkqd makes cuts from the team while wwpfcbhnhyks does not, so akxyvpkqd is more unlucky than wwpfcbhnhyks
lquzeepdhasa makes cuts from the team while suzoetgwhn does not, so lquzeepdhasa is more unlucky than suzoetgwhn
eiwh makes cuts from the team while aoauhhkrfhpx does not, so eiwh is more unlucky than aoauhhkrfhpx
zzghctqgsl makes cuts from the team while iwozdthruqqb does not, so zzghctqgsl is more unlucky than iwozdthruqqb
elg cuts from the team while rmem does not, so rmem is less unlucky than elg
akxyvpkqd cuts from the team while wwpfcbhnhyks does not, so wwpfcbhnhyks is less unlucky than akxyvpkqd
lquzeepdhasa cuts from the team while suzoetgwhn does not, so suzoetgwhn is less unlucky than lquzeepdhasa
eiwh cuts from the team while aoauhhkrfhpx does not, so aoauhhkrfhpx is less unlucky than eiwh
zzghctqgsl cuts from the team while iwozdthruqqb does not, so iwozdthruqqb is less unlucky than zzghctqgsl
zaztvykyiia cuts from the team while ngjzrmiajf does not, so zaztvykyiia is not less unlucky than ngjzrmiajf
flzgqofdggz cuts from the team while wjgxshrv does not, so flzgqofdggz is not less unlucky than wjgxshrv
largknwli cuts from the team while pke does not, so largknwli is not less unlucky than pke
ulo cuts from the team while szwssbnxrdx does not, so ulo is not less unlucky than szwssbnxrdx
urilxwwmvy cuts from the team while xcfwerzxck does not, so urilxwwmvy is not less unlucky than xcfwerzxck
ngjzrmiajf cuts from the team while zaztvykyiia does not, so zaztvykyiia is not more unlucky than ngjzrmiajf
wjgxshrv cuts from the team while flzgqofdggz does not, so flzgqofdggz is not more unlucky than wjgxshrv
pke cuts from the team while largknwli does not, so largknwli is not more unlucky than pke
szwssbnxrdx cuts from the team while ulo does not, so ulo is not more unlucky than szwssbnxrdx
xcfwerzxck cuts from the team while urilxwwmvy does not, so urilxwwmvy is not more unlucky than xcfwerzxck
ilh sprains their wrist while usrrnzhekbf does not, so ilh is more non athletic than usrrnzhekbf
ydoamomdtim sprains their wrist while aptbqojmekd does not, so ydoamomdtim is more non athletic than aptbqojmekd
hlisfmk sprains their wrist while dnwrltqqyjjv does not, so hlisfmk is more non athletic than dnwrltqqyjjv
qugnv sprains their wrist while qjdkwpqebcno does not, so qugnv is more non athletic than qjdkwpqebcno
rvaewhykxouf sprains their wrist while wesivukzfz does not, so rvaewhykxouf is more non athletic than wesivukzfz
ilh sprains their wrist while usrrnzhekbf does not, so usrrnzhekbf is less athletic than ilh
ydoamomdtim sprains their wrist while aptbqojmekd does not, so aptbqojmekd is less athletic than ydoamomdtim
hlisfmk sprains their wrist while dnwrltqqyjjv does not, so dnwrltqqyjjv is less athletic than hlisfmk
qugnv sprains their wrist while qjdkwpqebcno does not, so qjdkwpqebcno is less athletic than qugnv
rvaewhykxouf sprains their wrist while wesivukzfz does not, so wesivukzfz is less athletic than rvaewhykxouf
refj sprains their wrist while sfuiayhnc does not, so refj is not less athletic than sfuiayhnc
hluuuc sprains their wrist while rtco does not, so hluuuc is not less athletic than rtco
vtuqeigjkjz sprains their wrist while vbq does not, so vtuqeigjkjz is not less athletic than vbq
voyoriutjeia sprains their wrist while qcxvw does not, so voyoriutjeia is not less athletic than qcxvw
dpihlqdf sprains their wrist while qturzfprpylr does not, so dpihlqdf is not less athletic than qturzfprpylr
sfuiayhnc sprains their wrist while refj does not, so refj is not less athletic than sfuiayhnc
rtco sprains their wrist while hluuuc does not, so hluuuc is not less athletic than rtco
vbq sprains their wrist while vtuqeigjkjz does not, so vtuqeigjkjz is not less athletic than vbq
qcxvw sprains their wrist while voyoriutjeia does not, so voyoriutjeia is not less athletic than qcxvw
qturzfprpylr sprains their wrist while dpihlqdf does not, so dpihlqdf is not less athletic than qturzfprpylr
fclkfdzmxb makes another person's coffee while uqoddrlyuhps does not, so fclkfdzmxb is less friendly than uqoddrlyuhps
wbppvanlgp makes another person's coffee while pvuchwscvmsx does not, so wbppvanlgp is less friendly than pvuchwscvmsx
eclcdurwyf makes another person's coffee while dnttzdkn does not, so eclcdurwyf is less friendly than dnttzdkn
bjrj makes another person's coffee while zyjpg does not, so bjrj is less friendly than zyjpg
oqujqplla makes another person's coffee while ozjvrq does not, so oqujqplla is less friendly than ozjvrq
fclkfdzmxb makes another person's coffee while uqoddrlyuhps does not, so uqoddrlyuhps is less friendly than fclkfdzmxb
wbppvanlgp makes another person's coffee while pvuchwscvmsx does not, so pvuchwscvmsx is less friendly than wbppvanlgp
eclcdurwyf makes another person's coffee while dnttzdkn does not, so dnttzdkn is less friendly than eclcdurwyf
bjrj makes another person's coffee while zyjpg does not, so zyjpg is less friendly than bjrj
oqujqplla makes another person's coffee while ozjvrq does not, so ozjvrq is less friendly than oqujqplla
flfupnjb makes another person's coffee while uzxtyird does not, so flfupnjb is not less friendly than uzxtyird
mlbnhiequoj makes another person's coffee while kzomptte does not, so mlbnhiequoj is not less friendly than kzomptte
weg makes another person's coffee while qrlbnehqjry does not, so weg is not less friendly than qrlbnehqjry
ribzght makes another person's coffee while krmfkgxq does not, so ribzght is not less friendly than krmfkgxq
innzwbaawoj makes another person's coffee while rnwoegtzg does not, so innzwbaawoj is not less friendly than rnwoegtzg
uzxtyird makes another person's coffee while flfupnjb does not, so flfupnjb is not more friendly than uzxtyird
kzomptte makes another person's coffee while mlbnhiequoj does not, so mlbnhiequoj is not more friendly than kzomptte
qrlbnehqjry makes another person's coffee while weg does not, so weg is not more friendly than qrlbnehqjry
krmfkgxq makes another person's coffee while ribzght does not, so ribzght is not more friendly than krmfkgxq
rnwoegtzg makes another person's coffee while innzwbaawoj does not, so innzwbaawoj is not more friendly than rnwoegtzg
oia tries to get another person's attention while nauboazrd does not, so oia is more demanding than nauboazrd
xpkxqqn tries to get another person's attention while bnoe does not, so xpkxqqn is more demanding than bnoe
xifpdtafx tries to get another person's attention while nrpmbzy does not, so xifpdtafx is more demanding than nrpmbzy
cutcqeeax tries to get another person's attention while sdl does not, so cutcqeeax is more demanding than sdl
ekwyzw tries to get another person's attention while ystqg does not, so ekwyzw is more demanding than ystqg
oia tries to get another person's attention while nauboazrd does not, so nauboazrd is less demanding than oia
xpkxqqn tries to get another person's attention while bnoe does not, so bnoe is less demanding than xpkxqqn
xifpdtafx tries to get another person's attention while nrpmbzy does not, so nrpmbzy is less demanding than xifpdtafx
cutcqeeax tries to get another person's attention while sdl does not, so sdl is less demanding than cutcqeeax
ekwyzw tries to get another person's attention while ystqg does not, so ystqg is less demanding than ekwyzw
lyxjqhmrkt tries to get another person's attention while iqnej does not, so lyxjqhmrkt is not less demanding than iqnej
ldf tries to get another person's attention while uquakfdz does not, so ldf is not less demanding than uquakfdz
hjutyocx tries to get another person's attention while pedggfckkzv does not, so hjutyocx is not less demanding than pedggfckkzv
xvkyz tries to get another person's attention while qzq does not, so xvkyz is not less demanding than qzq
noipsiqbp tries to get another person's attention while twkjhdd does not, so noipsiqbp is not less demanding than twkjhdd
iqnej tries to get another person's attention while lyxjqhmrkt does not, so lyxjqhmrkt is not more demanding than iqnej
uquakfdz tries to get another person's attention while ldf does not, so ldf is not more demanding than uquakfdz
pedggfckkzv tries to get another person's attention while hjutyocx does not, so hjutyocx is not more demanding than pedggfckkzv
qzq tries to get another person's attention while xvkyz does not, so xvkyz is not more demanding than qzq
twkjhdd tries to get another person's attention while noipsiqbp does not, so noipsiqbp is not more demanding than twkjhdd
xdzabykxib brings another person a spare key while srbiepumx does not, so xdzabykxib is more generous than srbiepumx
kbpahyshsq brings another person a spare key while jttwartf does not, so kbpahyshsq is more generous than jttwartf
ziez brings another person a spare key while skcaplkawzn does not, so ziez is more generous than skcaplkawzn
zoow brings another person a spare key while igelckbgos does not, so zoow is more generous than igelckbgos
memh brings another person a spare key while lqothng does not, so memh is more generous than lqothng
xdzabykxib brings another person a spare key while srbiepumx does not, so srbiepumx is less generous than xdzabykxib
kbpahyshsq brings another person a spare key while jttwartf does not, so jttwartf is less generous than kbpahyshsq
ziez brings another person a spare key while skcaplkawzn does not, so skcaplkawzn is less generous than ziez
zoow brings another person a spare key while igelckbgos does not, so igelckbgos is less generous than zoow
memh brings another person a spare key while lqothng does not, so lqothng is less generous than memh
hdvldbu brings another person a spare key while zhmqei does not, so hdvldbu is not less generous than zhmqei
joopiyxyj brings another person a spare key while vvyxv does not, so joopiyxyj is not less generous than vvyxv
czoscjy brings another person a spare key while pwlw does not, so czoscjy is not less generous than pwlw
gec brings another person a spare key while qrsanp does not, so gec is not less generous than qrsanp
hqaj brings another person a spare key while zjafpbrw does not, so hqaj is not less generous than zjafpbrw
zhmqei brings another person a spare key while hdvldbu does not, so hdvldbu is not more generous than zhmqei
vvyxv brings another person a spare key while joopiyxyj does not, so joopiyxyj is not more generous than vvyxv
pwlw brings another person a spare key while czoscjy does not, so czoscjy is not more generous than pwlw
qrsanp brings another person a spare key while gec does not, so gec is not more generous than qrsanp
zjafpbrw brings another person a spare key while hqaj does not, so hqaj is not more generous than zjafpbrw
avfp comes running while xwpnylaofezz does not, so avfp is more loyal than xwpnylaofezz
vpsa comes running while qekjbeuhp does not, so vpsa is more loyal than qekjbeuhp
ssvojsgaegxz comes running while coxt does not, so ssvojsgaegxz is more loyal than coxt
rcz comes running while mbdwwl does not, so rcz is more loyal than mbdwwl
kgq comes running while pdambaqrf does not, so kgq is more loyal than pdambaqrf
avfp comes running while xwpnylaofezz does not, so xwpnylaofezz is less loyal than avfp
vpsa comes running while qekjbeuhp does not, so qekjbeuhp is less loyal than vpsa
ssvojsgaegxz comes running while coxt does not, so coxt is less loyal than ssvojsgaegxz
rcz comes running while mbdwwl does not, so mbdwwl is less loyal than rcz
kgq comes running while pdambaqrf does not, so pdambaqrf is less loyal than kgq
slncgazapj comes running while mot does not, so slncgazapj is not less loyal than mot
kmyb comes running while qvvskhw does not, so kmyb is not less loyal than qvvskhw
hij comes running while wtuhekhrc does not, so hij is not less loyal than wtuhekhrc
zskxqpiatzhx comes running while jorn does not, so zskxqpiatzhx is not less loyal than jorn
ixuzhtqxvu comes running while nptps does not, so ixuzhtqxvu is not less loyal than nptps
mot comes running while slncgazapj does not, so slncgazapj is not more loyal than mot
qvvskhw comes running while kmyb does not, so kmyb is not more loyal than qvvskhw
wtuhekhrc comes running while hij does not, so hij is not more loyal than wtuhekhrc
jorn comes running while zskxqpiatzhx does not, so zskxqpiatzhx is not more loyal than jorn
nptps comes running while ixuzhtqxvu does not, so ixuzhtqxvu is not more loyal than nptps
zsaedkmq uses the bathroom while jel does not, so zsaedkmq is more hurried than jel
mvoyjfsg uses the bathroom while yqv does not, so mvoyjfsg is more hurried than yqv
rjfkhcdggn uses the bathroom while vsgrdlr does not, so rjfkhcdggn is more hurried than vsgrdlr
ntfrkaakx uses the bathroom while jtpjojs does not, so ntfrkaakx is more hurried than jtpjojs
xoouikgj uses the bathroom while xpuxglcfcuqg does not, so xoouikgj is more hurried than xpuxglcfcuqg
zsaedkmq uses the bathroom while jel does not, so jel is less hurried than zsaedkmq
mvoyjfsg uses the bathroom while yqv does not, so yqv is less hurried than mvoyjfsg
rjfkhcdggn uses the bathroom while vsgrdlr does not, so vsgrdlr is less hurried than rjfkhcdggn
ntfrkaakx uses the bathroom while jtpjojs does not, so jtpjojs is less hurried than ntfrkaakx
xoouikgj uses the bathroom while xpuxglcfcuqg does not, so xpuxglcfcuqg is less hurried than xoouikgj
liji uses the bathroom while qcebvoumx does not, so liji is not less hurried than qcebvoumx
lfzutsbdakhs uses the bathroom while unqapgey does not, so lfzutsbdakhs is not less hurried than unqapgey
begnymoto uses the bathroom while miqjd does not, so begnymoto is not less hurried than miqjd
tfmkkqtfyf uses the bathroom while admh does not, so tfmkkqtfyf is not less hurried than admh
qhhxtbhqm uses the bathroom while vrajqzra does not, so qhhxtbhqm is not less hurried than vrajqzra
qcebvoumx uses the bathroom while liji does not, so liji is not more hurried than qcebvoumx
unqapgey uses the bathroom while lfzutsbdakhs does not, so lfzutsbdakhs is not more hurried than unqapgey
miqjd uses the bathroom while begnymoto does not, so begnymoto is not more hurried than miqjd
admh uses the bathroom while tfmkkqtfyf does not, so tfmkkqtfyf is not more hurried than admh
vrajqzra uses the bathroom while qhhxtbhqm does not, so qhhxtbhqm is not more hurried than vrajqzra
yxkauepy has finally come while kntui has not, so yxkauepy is more happy than kntui
apdiipk has finally come while mojrmxjerqri has not, so apdiipk is more happy than mojrmxjerqri
qxnh has finally come while tgmy has not, so qxnh is more happy than tgmy
hsuc has finally come while naawdk has not, so hsuc is more happy than naawdk
vwj has finally come while zwxvxfsmoxgb has not, so vwj is more happy than zwxvxfsmoxgb
yxkauepy has finally come, kntui has not, so kntui is less happy than yxkauepy
apdiipk has finally come, mojrmxjerqri has not, so mojrmxjerqri is less happy than apdiipk
qxnh has finally come, tgmy has not, so tgmy is less happy than qxnh
hsuc has finally come, naawdk has not, so naawdk is less happy than hsuc
vwj has finally come, zwxvxfsmoxgb has not, so zwxvxfsmoxgb is less happy than vwj
nqivubv has finally come, so nqivubv is not less happy than jut
ctorlvxsejv has finally come, so ctorlvxsejv is not less happy than avenskcca
flicbrc has finally come, so flicbrc is not less happy than nwi
rpeej has finally come, so rpeej is not less happy than ytgr
gcwhzux has finally come, so gcwhzux is not less happy than uvf
jut has finally come while nqivubv has not, so nqivubv is not more happy than jut
avenskcca has finally come while ctorlvxsejv has not, so ctorlvxsejv is not more happy than avenskcca
nwi has finally come while flicbrc has not, so flicbrc is not more happy than nwi
ytgr has finally come while rpeej has not, so rpeej is not more happy than ytgr
uvf has finally come while gcwhzux has not, so gcwhzux is not more happy than uvf
crk sees a rat while xgxat does not, so crk is less annoyed than xgxat
fxmvabgtior sees a rat while dnf does not, so fxmvabgtior is less annoyed than dnf
ztqpnevaecg sees a rat while zjb does not, so ztqpnevaecg is less annoyed than zjb
truoeqo sees a rat while sey does not, so truoeqo is less annoyed than sey
puxzvro sees a rat while cfpj does not, so puxzvro is less annoyed than cfpj
crk sees a rat while xgxat does not, so xgxat is less annoyed than crk
fxmvabgtior sees a rat while dnf does not, so dnf is less annoyed than fxmvabgtior
ztqpnevaecg sees a rat while zjb does not, so zjb is less annoyed than ztqpnevaecg
truoeqo sees a rat while sey does not, so sey is less annoyed than truoeqo
puxzvro sees a rat while cfpj does not, so cfpj is less annoyed than puxzvro
vlwopj sees a rat while evagdlpscyul does not, so vlwopj is not less annoyed than evagdlpscyul
tst sees a rat while sagagnj does not, so tst is not less annoyed than sagagnj
pikq sees a rat while tdrhacxhcgu does not, so pikq is not less annoyed than tdrhacxhcgu
pmsjf sees a rat while silwckwmhxo does not, so pmsjf is not less annoyed than silwckwmhxo
cohxblvkce sees a rat while bxyzqw does not, so cohxblvkce is not less annoyed than bxyzqw
evagdlpscyul sees a rat while vlwopj does not, so vlwopj is not more annoyed than evagdlpscyul
sagagnj sees a rat while tst does not, so tst is not more annoyed than sagagnj
tdrhacxhcgu sees a rat while pikq does not, so pikq is not more annoyed than tdrhacxhcgu
silwckwmhxo sees a rat while pmsjf does not, so pmsjf is not more annoyed than silwckwmhxo
bxyzqw sees a rat while cohxblvkce does not, so cohxblvkce is not more annoyed than bxyzqw
jgp rounds the corner while ymvhboqajfab does not, so jgp is more adventurous than ymvhboqajfab
ztugupztkdca rounds the corner while cveeeszbwxc does not, so ztugupztkdca is more adventurous than cveeeszbwxc
mls rounds the corner while elukgqeqlk does not, so mls is more adventurous than elukgqeqlk
lykzwp rounds the corner while etnf does not, so lykzwp is more adventurous than etnf
mxhrcyajw rounds the corner while vrx does not, so mxhrcyajw is more adventurous than vrx
jgp rounds the corner while ymvhboqajfab does not, so ymvhboqajfab is less adventurous than jgp
ztugupztkdca rounds the corner while cveeeszbwxc does not, so cveeeszbwxc is less adventurous than ztugupztkdca
mls rounds the corner while elukgqeqlk does not, so elukgqeqlk is less adventurous than mls
lykzwp rounds the corner while etnf does not, so etnf is less adventurous than lykzwp
mxhrcyajw rounds the corner while vrx does not, so vrx is less adventurous than mxhrcyajw
anhttzyqgz rounds the corner while atfbe does not, so anhttzyqgz is not less adventurous than atfbe
rnesyriusbqs rounds the corner while whalpuzvkbv does not, so rnesyriusbqs is not less adventurous than whalpuzvkbv
wdlmclfke rounds the corner while jclwab does not, so wdlmclfke is not less adventurous than jclwab
zzq rounds the corner while lmq does not, so zzq is not less adventurous than lmq
rgymjliki rounds the corner while rbirwj does not, so rgymjliki is not less adventurous than rbirwj
atfbe rounds the corner while anhttzyqgz does not, so anhttzyqgz is not more adventurous than atfbe
whalpuzvkbv rounds the corner while rnesyriusbqs does not, so rnesyriusbqs is not more adventurous than whalpuzvkbv
jclwab rounds the corner while wdlmclfke does not, so wdlmclfke is not more adventurous than jclwab
lmq rounds the corner while zzq does not, so zzq is not more adventurous than lmq
rbirwj rounds the corner while rgymjliki does not, so rgymjliki is not more adventurous than rbirwj
egqqqrqopgna draws the line while kuaa does not, so egqqqrqopgna is more artistic than kuaa
bhrlxsh draws the line while bvqominiqtpl does not, so bhrlxsh is more artistic than bvqominiqtpl
locavaq draws the line while mnexpggu does not, so locavaq is more artistic than mnexpggu
hevhqa draws the line while kgwqtgrn does not, so hevhqa is more artistic than kgwqtgrn
qdfxincalh draws the line while rkyosui does not, so qdfxincalh is more artistic than rkyosui
egqqqrqopgna draws the line while kuaa does not, so kuaa is less artistic than egqqqrqopgna
bhrlxsh draws the line while bvqominiqtpl does not, so bvqominiqtpl is less artistic than bhrlxsh
locavaq draws the line while mnexpggu does not, so mnexpggu is less artistic than locavaq
hevhqa draws the line while kgwqtgrn does not, so kgwqtgrn is less artistic than hevhqa
qdfxincalh draws the line while rkyosui does not, so rkyosui is less artistic than qdfxincalh
udexr draws the line while ogxgauh does not, so udexr is not less artistic than ogxgauh
txw draws the line while nzbefsdnq does not, so txw is not less artistic than nzbefsdnq
efthonwyvjn draws the line while xfvyfnot does not, so efthonwyvjn is not less artistic than xfvyfnot
ohyrylskzhww draws the line while hjqwcnnxx does not, so ohyrylskzhww is not less artistic than hjqwcnnxx
rcmvcnjzlvnf draws the line while qtr does not, so rcmvcnjzlvnf is not less artistic than qtr
ogxgauh draws the line while udexr does not, so udexr is not more artistic than ogxgauh
nzbefsdnq draws the line while txw does not, so txw is not more artistic than nzbefsdnq
xfvyfnot draws the line while efthonwyvjn does not, so efthonwyvjn is not more artistic than xfvyfnot
hjqwcnnxx draws the line while ohyrylskzhww does not, so ohyrylskzhww is not more artistic than hjqwcnnxx
qtr draws the line while rcmvcnjzlvnf does not, so rcmvcnjzlvnf is not more artistic than qtr
aguhtfuvhvwv works perfectly while hrmcguzoixiv does not, so aguhtfuvhvwv is more effective than hrmcguzoixiv
rybhmnvtj works perfectly while cecqeewhlytm does not, so rybhmnvtj is more effective than cecqeewhlytm
uxqjgnxbvtxc works perfectly while uceadgb does not, so uxqjgnxbvtxc is more effective than uceadgb
ycmptdkqinif works perfectly while tesbgrtw does not, so ycmptdkqinif is more effective than tesbgrtw
gihdgt works perfectly while djckj does not, so gihdgt is more effective than djckj
aguhtfuvhvwv works perfectly while hrmcguzoixiv does not, so hrmcguzoixiv is less effective than aguhtfuvhvwv
rybhmnvtj works perfectly while cecqeewhlytm does not, so cecqeewhlytm is less effective than rybhmnvtj
uxqjgnxbvtxc works perfectly while uceadgb does not, so uceadgb is less effective than uxqjgnxbvtxc
ycmptdkqinif works perfectly while tesbgrtw does not, so tesbgrtw is less effective than ycmptdkqinif
gihdgt works perfectly while djckj does not, so djckj is less effective than gihdgt
gelj works perfectly while aywxciukjj does not, so gelj is not less effective than aywxciukjj
vsnzxmahg works perfectly while backoc does not, so vsnzxmahg is not less effective than backoc
htbr works perfectly while rbelnxwr does not, so htbr is not less effective than rbelnxwr
lqzuhvbgs works perfectly while opbaghsa does not, so lqzuhvbgs is not less effective than opbaghsa
gaabc works perfectly while gvmbqh does not, so gaabc is not less effective than gvmbqh
aywxciukjj works perfectly while gelj does not, so gelj is not more effective than aywxciukjj
backoc works perfectly while vsnzxmahg does not, so vsnzxmahg is not more effective than backoc
rbelnxwr works perfectly while htbr does not, so htbr is not more effective than rbelnxwr
opbaghsa works perfectly while lqzuhvbgs does not, so lqzuhvbgs is not more effective than opbaghsa
gvmbqh works perfectly while gaabc does not, so gaabc is not more effective than gvmbqh
daacbmsbuwy takes another person's picture while ygavpfkshvhu does not, so daacbmsbuwy is more helpful than ygavpfkshvhu
dwnlsci takes another person's picture while ywewdi does not, so dwnlsci is more helpful than ywewdi
ugwbqdne takes another person's picture while ohit does not, so ugwbqdne is more helpful than ohit
ydhxxd takes another person's picture while supaprbayca does not, so ydhxxd is more helpful than supaprbayca
ihfc takes another person's picture while gwjtyhjpwhcs does not, so ihfc is more helpful than gwjtyhjpwhcs
daacbmsbuwy takes another person's picture while ygavpfkshvhu does not, so ygavpfkshvhu is less helpful than daacbmsbuwy
dwnlsci takes another person's picture while ywewdi does not, so ywewdi is less helpful than dwnlsci
ugwbqdne takes another person's picture while ohit does not, so ohit is less helpful than ugwbqdne
ydhxxd takes another person's picture while supaprbayca does not, so supaprbayca is less helpful than ydhxxd
ihfc takes another person's picture while gwjtyhjpwhcs does not, so gwjtyhjpwhcs is less helpful than ihfc
jlbbytveqx takes another person's picture while oxciy does not, so jlbbytveqx is not less helpful than oxciy
hih takes another person's picture while pnzhhv does not, so hih is not less helpful than pnzhhv
bodbtyytcbf takes another person's picture while qjhmkgszo does not, so bodbtyytcbf is not less helpful than qjhmkgszo
lbzummucbir takes another person's picture while ivosu does not, so lbzummucbir is not less helpful than ivosu
slpbktzdmit takes another person's picture while ilyikm does not, so slpbktzdmit is not less helpful than ilyikm
oxciy takes another person's picture while jlbbytveqx does not, so jlbbytveqx is not more helpful than oxciy
pnzhhv takes another person's picture while hih does not, so hih is not more helpful than pnzhhv
qjhmkgszo takes another person's picture while bodbtyytcbf does not, so bodbtyytcbf is not more helpful than qjhmkgszo
ivosu takes another person's picture while lbzummucbir does not, so lbzummucbir is not more helpful than ivosu
ilyikm takes another person's picture while slpbktzdmit does not, so slpbktzdmit is not more helpful than ilyikm
rbuvvkcrrwf works pretty well while gmocibpd does not, so rbuvvkcrrwf is more competent than gmocibpd
njokeig works pretty well while xzttcq does not, so njokeig is more competent than xzttcq
kvhkgvvl works pretty well while zxjdbduy does not, so kvhkgvvl is more competent than zxjdbduy
ztts works pretty well while cdaqgsitf does not, so ztts is more competent than cdaqgsitf
czuhfwbupoft works pretty well while kfw does not, so czuhfwbupoft is more competent than kfw
rbuvvkcrrwf works pretty well while gmocibpd does not, so gmocibpd is less competent than rbuvvkcrrwf
njokeig works pretty well while xzttcq does not, so xzttcq is less competent than njokeig
kvhkgvvl works pretty well while zxjdbduy does not, so zxjdbduy is less competent than kvhkgvvl
ztts works pretty well while cdaqgsitf does not, so cdaqgsitf is less competent than ztts
czuhfwbupoft works pretty well while kfw does not, so kfw is less competent than czuhfwbupoft
vcned works pretty well while wlapkuvwha does not, so vcned is not less competent than wlapkuvwha
smdzgkcm works pretty well while pjqazryhhl does not, so smdzgkcm is not less competent than pjqazryhhl
nemdwyehk works pretty well while ghgx does not, so nemdwyehk is not less competent than ghgx
ziwdd works pretty well while qdzxnjzs does not, so ziwdd is not less competent than qdzxnjzs
kyppubbqm works pretty well while clpi does not, so kyppubbqm is not less competent than clpi
wlapkuvwha works pretty well while vcned does not, so vcned is not more competent than wlapkuvwha
pjqazryhhl works pretty well while smdzgkcm does not, so smdzgkcm is not more competent than pjqazryhhl
ghgx works pretty well while nemdwyehk does not, so nemdwyehk is not more competent than ghgx
qdzxnjzs works pretty well while ziwdd does not, so ziwdd is not more competent than qdzxnjzs
clpi works pretty well while kyppubbqm does not, so kyppubbqm is not more competent than clpi
zsap replaces the battery while zatexodvgnh does not, so zsap is more adroit than zatexodvgnh
tmb replaces the battery while qzrfaomjzz does not, so tmb is more adroit than qzrfaomjzz
ziczbflidur replaces the battery while jvqwccf does not, so ziczbflidur is more adroit than jvqwccf
gdxrfwl replaces the battery while imgonyy does not, so gdxrfwl is more adroit than imgonyy
jffczpz replaces the battery while edipuwqb does not, so jffczpz is more adroit than edipuwqb
zsap replaces the battery while zatexodvgnh does not, so zatexodvgnh is less adroit than zsap
tmb replaces the battery while qzrfaomjzz does not, so qzrfaomjzz is less adroit than tmb
ziczbflidur replaces the battery while jvqwccf does not, so jvqwccf is less adroit than ziczbflidur
gdxrfwl replaces the battery while imgonyy does not, so imgonyy is less adroit than gdxrfwl
jffczpz replaces the battery while edipuwqb does not, so edipuwqb is less adroit than jffczpz
yuagdgml replaces the battery while dkld does not, so yuagdgml is not more adroit than dkld
tlwnskbvu replaces the battery while mlxdbow does not, so tlwnskbvu is not more adroit than mlxdbow
wmvyxmhgr replaces the battery while dddhpaajv does not, so wmvyxmhgr is not more adroit than dddhpaajv
rzznkbggn replaces the battery while giefokyobz does not, so rzznkbggn is not more adroit than giefokyobz
ikefpx replaces the battery while rscjktrxfuz does not, so ikefpx is not more adroit than rscjktrxfuz
dkld replaces the battery while yuagdgml does not, so yuagdgml is not more adroit than dkld
mlxdbow replaces the battery while tlwnskbvu does not, so tlwnskbvu is not more adroit than mlxdbow
dddhpaajv replaces the battery while wmvyxmhgr does not, so wmvyxmhgr is not more adroit than dddhpaajv
giefokyobz replaces the battery while rzznkbggn does not, so rzznkbggn is not more adroit than giefokyobz
rscjktrxfuz replaces the battery while ikefpx does not, so ikefpx is not more adroit than rscjktrxfuz
opnqxbofd knits a blanket while lhzbhyt does not, so opnqxbofd is more creative than lhzbhyt
fsexqf knits a blanket while zdtwfo does not, so fsexqf is more creative than zdtwfo
lfmzwd knits a blanket while fjcqaduwsa does not, so lfmzwd is more creative than fjcqaduwsa
fufcvu knits a blanket while jspmockdslm does not, so fufcvu is more creative than jspmockdslm
xcqjjmseskvk knits a blanket while tfpwjrt does not, so xcqjjmseskvk is more creative than tfpwjrt
opnqxbofd knits a blanket while lhzbhyt does not, so lhzbhyt is less creative than opnqxbofd
fsexqf knits a blanket while zdtwfo does not, so zdtwfo is less creative than fsexqf
lfmzwd knits a blanket while fjcqaduwsa does not, so fjcqaduwsa is less creative than lfmzwd
fufcvu knits a blanket while jspmockdslm does not, so jspmockdslm is less creative than fufcvu
xcqjjmseskvk knits a blanket while tfpwjrt does not, so tfpwjrt is less creative than xcqjjmseskvk
mvdfpc knits a blanket while plcysmow does not, so mvdfpc is not less creative than plcysmow
vnkphyyfnxof knits a blanket while mpcf does not, so vnkphyyfnxof is not less creative than mpcf
aydlfkga knits a blanket while qojehnau does not, so aydlfkga is not less creative than qojehnau
duffiojmh knits a blanket while rtjmrjn does not, so duffiojmh is not less creative than rtjmrjn
wro knits a blanket while cyoqaopfx does not, so wro is not less creative than cyoqaopfx
plcysmow knits a blanket while mvdfpc does not, so mvdfpc is not more creative than plcysmow
mpcf knits a blanket while vnkphyyfnxof does not, so vnkphyyfnxof is not more creative than mpcf
qojehnau knits a blanket while aydlfkga does not, so aydlfkga is not more creative than qojehnau
rtjmrjn knits a blanket while duffiojmh does not, so duffiojmh is not more creative than rtjmrjn
cyoqaopfx knits a blanket while wro does not, so wro is not more creative than cyoqaopfx
tzwns listens to another person's stories while chph does not, so tzwns is more interested than chph
wjkontqii listens to another person's stories while cqjmigcs does not, so wjkontqii is more interested than cqjmigcs
nudwbqffis listens to another person's stories while ynmzzkorbgre does not, so nudwbqffis is more interested than ynmzzkorbgre
oxqgdwfcg listens to another person's stories while djlminbelzt does not, so oxqgdwfcg is more interested than djlminbelzt
azzhrvroom listens to another person's stories while ywfowfe does not, so azzhrvroom is more interested than ywfowfe
tzwns listens to another person's stories while chph does not, so chph is less interested than tzwns
wjkontqii listens to another person's stories while cqjmigcs does not, so cqjmigcs is less interested than wjkontqii
nudwbqffis listens to another person's stories while ynmzzkorbgre does not, so ynmzzkorbgre is less interested than nudwbqffis
oxqgdwfcg listens to another person's stories while djlminbelzt does not, so djlminbelzt is less interested than oxqgdwfcg
azzhrvroom listens to another person's stories while ywfowfe does not, so ywfowfe is less interested than azzhrvroom
ablhlsjepeo listens to another person's stories while naixngk does not, so ablhlsjepeo is not less interested than naixngk
cxkzsa listens to another person's stories while tcynqhtn does not, so cxkzsa is not less interested than tcynqhtn
cuvweqlfr listens to another person's stories while awvrw does not, so cuvweqlfr is not less interested than awvrw
chvrfn listens to another person's stories while pavlthwuox does not, so chvrfn is not less interested than pavlthwuox
zal listens to another person's stories while jpvfmmoml does not, so zal is not less interested than jpvfmmoml
naixngk listens to another person's stories while ablhlsjepeo does not, so ablhlsjepeo is not more interested than naixngk
tcynqhtn listens to another person's stories while cxkzsa does not, so cxkzsa is not more interested than tcynqhtn
awvrw listens to another person's stories while cuvweqlfr does not, so cuvweqlfr is not more interested than awvrw
pavlthwuox listens to another person's stories while chvrfn does not, so chvrfn is not more interested than pavlthwuox
jpvfmmoml listens to another person's stories while zal does not, so zal is not more interested than jpvfmmoml
cbwromoqd follows another person back while sorghr does not, so cbwromoqd is more lost than sorghr
edqw follows another person back while ovyjrpmbdhjf does not, so edqw is more lost than ovyjrpmbdhjf
xqalqxnki follows another person back while frmaueohwu does not, so xqalqxnki is more lost than frmaueohwu
bsnbrdjwdhiv follows another person back while wwl does not, so bsnbrdjwdhiv is more lost than wwl
rysgooplamw follows another person back while zwxtzitxmgd does not, so rysgooplamw is more lost than zwxtzitxmgd
cbwromoqd follows another person back while sorghr does not, so sorghr is less lost than cbwromoqd
edqw follows another person back while ovyjrpmbdhjf does not, so ovyjrpmbdhjf is less lost than edqw
xqalqxnki follows another person back while frmaueohwu does not, so frmaueohwu is less lost than xqalqxnki
bsnbrdjwdhiv follows another person back while wwl does not, so wwl is less lost than bsnbrdjwdhiv
rysgooplamw follows another person back while zwxtzitxmgd does not, so zwxtzitxmgd is less lost than rysgooplamw
iuwghjcmxspu follows another person back while hwbjdffrhtcd does not, so iuwghjcmxspu is not less lost than hwbjdffrhtcd
vyvzuxq follows another person back while lzuyncs does not, so vyvzuxq is not less lost than lzuyncs
fkiqw follows another person back while urasakfyx does not, so fkiqw is not less lost than urasakfyx
kkqfxmdyaci follows another person back while fjarwdodj does not, so kkqfxmdyaci is not less lost than fjarwdodj
pjth follows another person back while sxe does not, so pjth is not less lost than sxe
hwbjdffrhtcd follows another person back while iuwghjcmxspu does not, so iuwghjcmxspu is not more lost than hwbjdffrhtcd
lzuyncs follows another person back while vyvzuxq does not, so vyvzuxq is not more lost than lzuyncs
urasakfyx follows another person back while fkiqw does not, so fkiqw is not more lost than urasakfyx
fjarwdodj follows another person back while kkqfxmdyaci does not, so kkqfxmdyaci is not more lost than fjarwdodj
sxe follows another person back while pjth does not, so pjth is not more lost than sxe
yzr plays their first game while owhhge does not, so yzr is less open-minded than owhhge
yyadfi plays their first game while dzptr does not, so yyadfi is less open-minded than dzptr
fgb plays their first game while lufzhyislw does not, so fgb is less open-minded than lufzhyislw
ifzruztjlbhl plays their first game while renbberhiwsg does not, so ifzruztjlbhl is less open-minded than renbberhiwsg
moyrgzsfc plays their first game while uan does not, so moyrgzsfc is less open-minded than uan
yzr plays their first game while owhhge does not, so owhhge is less open-minded than yzr
yyadfi plays their first game while dzptr does not, so dzptr is less open-minded than yyadfi
fgb plays their first game while lufzhyislw does not, so lufzhyislw is less open-minded than fgb
ifzruztjlbhl plays their first game while renbberhiwsg does not, so renbberhiwsg is less open-minded than ifzruztjlbhl
moyrgzsfc plays their first game while uan does not, so uan is less open-minded than moyrgzsfc
ivceo plays their first game while hed does not, so ivceo is not less open-minded than hed
xhuecsxck plays their first game while ezwbqs does not, so xhuecsxck is not less open-minded than ezwbqs
scvrzuxss plays their first game while clngg does not, so scvrzuxss is not less open-minded than clngg
wznhh plays their first game while qidkyroanvp does not, so wznhh is not less open-minded than qidkyroanvp
xlx plays their first game while qza does not, so xlx is not less open-minded than qza
hed plays their first game while ivceo does not, so ivceo is not more open-minded than hed
ezwbqs plays their first game while xhuecsxck does not, so xhuecsxck is not more open-minded than ezwbqs
clngg plays their first game while scvrzuxss does not, so scvrzuxss is not more open-minded than clngg
qidkyroanvp plays their first game while wznhh does not, so wznhh is not more open-minded than qidkyroanvp
qza plays their first game while xlx does not, so xlx is not more open-minded than qza
dgjuct needs some cash while dpbfhip does not, so dgjuct is more desperate than dpbfhip
ofa needs some cash while breugqi does not, so ofa is more desperate than breugqi
ypjt needs some cash while epb does not, so ypjt is more desperate than epb
jfomsb needs some cash while inj does not, so jfomsb is more desperate than inj
poqduotwjb needs some cash while rds does not, so poqduotwjb is more desperate than rds
dgjuct needs some cash while dpbfhip does not, so dpbfhip is less desperate than dgjuct
ofa needs some cash while breugqi does not, so breugqi is less desperate than ofa
ypjt needs some cash while epb does not, so epb is less desperate than ypjt
jfomsb needs some cash while inj does not, so inj is less desperate than jfomsb
poqduotwjb needs some cash while rds does not, so rds is less desperate than poqduotwjb
obwmen needs some cash while xyoucoyi does not, so obwmen is not less desperate than xyoucoyi
xtykxpkjonau needs some cash while tjyemlwot does not, so xtykxpkjonau is not less desperate than tjyemlwot
uti needs some cash while kecui does not, so uti is not less desperate than kecui
cwmmcgle needs some cash while nfheoakfl does not, so cwmmcgle is not less desperate than nfheoakfl
yahwwg needs some cash while guzdxm does not, so yahwwg is not less desperate than guzdxm
xyoucoyi needs some cash while obwmen does not, so obwmen is not more desperate than xyoucoyi
tjyemlwot needs some cash while xtykxpkjonau does not, so xtykxpkjonau is not more desperate than tjyemlwot
kecui needs some cash while uti does not, so uti is not more desperate than kecui
nfheoakfl needs some cash while cwmmcgle does not, so cwmmcgle is not more desperate than nfheoakfl
guzdxm needs some cash while yahwwg does not, so yahwwg is not more desperate than guzdxm
saaflfcth tells the students while yvlqiez does not, so saaflfcth is more intelligent than yvlqiez
fwsbwfmuulb tells the students while hpgvp does not, so fwsbwfmuulb is more intelligent than hpgvp
kakk tells the students while jitolybacf does not, so kakk is more intelligent than jitolybacf
cyxb tells the students while kkbfw does not, so cyxb is more intelligent than kkbfw
fslpcb tells the students while cfgddeeowayj does not, so fslpcb is more intelligent than cfgddeeowayj
saaflfcth tells the students while yvlqiez does not, so yvlqiez is less intelligent than saaflfcth
fwsbwfmuulb tells the students while hpgvp does not, so hpgvp is less intelligent than fwsbwfmuulb
kakk tells the students while jitolybacf does not, so jitolybacf is less intelligent than kakk
cyxb tells the students while kkbfw does not, so kkbfw is less intelligent than cyxb
fslpcb tells the students while cfgddeeowayj does not, so cfgddeeowayj is less intelligent than fslpcb
ondebiaesoh tells the students while zshgopcbrmn does not, so ondebiaesoh is not less intelligent than zshgopcbrmn
mfxtj tells the students while xusacgbuus does not, so mfxtj is not less intelligent than xusacgbuus
nadayzcwvc tells the students while woplryurijp does not, so nadayzcwvc is not less intelligent than woplryurijp
mjsdhbuzo tells the students while lqgbadykloco does not, so mjsdhbuzo is not less intelligent than lqgbadykloco
bimat tells the students while cdbzimvfpfn does not, so bimat is not less intelligent than cdbzimvfpfn
zshgopcbrmn tells the students while ondebiaesoh does not, so ondebiaesoh is not more intelligent than zshgopcbrmn
xusacgbuus tells the students while mfxtj does not, so mfxtj is not more intelligent than xusacgbuus
woplryurijp tells the students while nadayzcwvc does not, so nadayzcwvc is not more intelligent than woplryurijp
lqgbadykloco tells the students while mjsdhbuzo does not, so mjsdhbuzo is not more intelligent than lqgbadykloco
cdbzimvfpfn tells the students while bimat does not, so bimat is not more intelligent than cdbzimvfpfn
ojekuspjjqj follows another person course while uefsfdpp does not, so ojekuspjjqj is more responsible than uefsfdpp
bdvyec follows another person course while juvsfwmlolza does not, so bdvyec is more responsible than juvsfwmlolza
zymyldsgyqwn follows another person course while dhl does not, so zymyldsgyqwn is more responsible than dhl
uwfvke follows another person course while gswwdbevf does not, so uwfvke is more responsible than gswwdbevf
prmkif follows another person course while liulbkfgnkpl does not, so prmkif is more responsible than liulbkfgnkpl
ojekuspjjqj follows another person course while uefsfdpp does not, so uefsfdpp is less responsible than ojekuspjjqj
bdvyec follows another person course while juvsfwmlolza does not, so juvsfwmlolza is less responsible than bdvyec
zymyldsgyqwn follows another person course while dhl does not, so dhl is less responsible than zymyldsgyqwn
uwfvke follows another person course while gswwdbevf does not, so gswwdbevf is less responsible than uwfvke
prmkif follows another person course while liulbkfgnkpl does not, so liulbkfgnkpl is less responsible than prmkif
zflolsidb follows another person course while cvaccuq does not, so zflolsidb is not less responsible than cvaccuq
mwvrpysrvzi follows another person course while eyrw does not, so mwvrpysrvzi is not less responsible than eyrw
nygtmtk follows another person course while vnzzjanve does not, so nygtmtk is not less responsible than vnzzjanve
dbrlek follows another person course while csb does not, so dbrlek is not less responsible than csb
bbweusezirbf follows another person course while jtumlr does not, so bbweusezirbf is not less responsible than jtumlr
cvaccuq follows another person course while zflolsidb does not, so zflolsidb is not more responsible than cvaccuq
eyrw follows another person course while mwvrpysrvzi does not, so mwvrpysrvzi is not more responsible than eyrw
vnzzjanve follows another person course while nygtmtk does not, so nygtmtk is not more responsible than vnzzjanve
csb follows another person course while dbrlek does not, so dbrlek is not more responsible than csb
jtumlr follows another person course while bbweusezirbf does not, so bbweusezirbf is not more responsible than jtumlr
ysjgc checks another person's temperature while oybisgzmcysu does not, so ysjgc is more loving than oybisgzmcysu
ifsdchadqld checks another person's temperature while ahalijzoup does not, so ifsdchadqld is more loving than ahalijzoup
vxqil checks another person's temperature while fpbabdrii does not, so vxqil is more loving than fpbabdrii
eaqvpl checks another person's temperature while iwgizskwgx does not, so eaqvpl is more loving than iwgizskwgx
fzvctmyi checks another person's temperature while snjlq does not, so fzvctmyi is more loving than snjlq
ysjgc checks another person's temperature while oybisgzmcysu does not, so oybisgzmcysu is less loving than ysjgc
ifsdchadqld checks another person's temperature while ahalijzoup does not, so ahalijzoup is less loving than ifsdchadqld
vxqil checks another person's temperature while fpbabdrii does not, so fpbabdrii is less loving than vxqil
eaqvpl checks another person's temperature while iwgizskwgx does not, so iwgizskwgx is less loving than eaqvpl
fzvctmyi checks another person's temperature while snjlq does not, so snjlq is less loving than fzvctmyi
oxgaoj checks another person's temperature while vyqk does not, so oxgaoj is not less loving than vyqk
fhxowpsaaz checks another person's temperature while habfk does not, so fhxowpsaaz is not less loving than habfk
crpx checks another person's temperature while myixtwnnnhp does not, so crpx is not less loving than myixtwnnnhp
pjetax checks another person's temperature while gbzw does not, so pjetax is not less loving than gbzw
iiiwobtoo checks another person's temperature while tonozu does not, so iiiwobtoo is not less loving than tonozu
vyqk checks another person's temperature while oxgaoj does not, so oxgaoj is not more loving than vyqk
habfk checks another person's temperature while fhxowpsaaz does not, so fhxowpsaaz is not more loving than habfk
myixtwnnnhp checks another person's temperature while crpx does not, so crpx is not more loving than myixtwnnnhp
gbzw checks another person's temperature while pjetax does not, so pjetax is not more loving than gbzw
tonozu checks another person's temperature while iiiwobtoo does not, so iiiwobtoo is not more loving than tonozu
ngwokssn gets food while gkeogcbb does not, so ngwokssn is more able than gkeogcbb
qljqyjrrl gets food while xgod does not, so qljqyjrrl is more able than xgod
emuoosn gets food while atbnqjumdjn does not, so emuoosn is more able than atbnqjumdjn
twmauuzzce gets food while fkzqr does not, so twmauuzzce is more able than fkzqr
qxjyfkruzte gets food while zhyr does not, so qxjyfkruzte is more able than zhyr
ngwokssn gets food while gkeogcbb does not, so gkeogcbb is less able to get food than ngwokssn
qljqyjrrl gets food while xgod does not, so xgod is less able to get food than qljqyjrrl
emuoosn gets food while atbnqjumdjn does not, so atbnqjumdjn is less able to get food than emuoosn
twmauuzzce gets food while fkzqr does not, so fkzqr is less able to get food than twmauuzzce
qxjyfkruzte gets food while zhyr does not, so zhyr is less able to get food than qxjyfkruzte
nctxkwil gets food while eqlogogupo does not, so nctxkwil is not more able than eqlogogupo
rgbcshvi gets food while zsgaw does not, so rgbcshvi is not more able than zsgaw
uodmxclaquzv gets food while cxd does not, so uodmxclaquzv is not more able than cxd
uspr gets food while jmqusnqmj does not, so uspr is not more able than jmqusnqmj
tqel gets food while nugszpzhnh does not, so tqel is not more able than nugszpzhnh
eqlogogupo gets food while nctxkwil does not, so nctxkwil is not more able than eqlogogupo
zsgaw gets food while rgbcshvi does not, so rgbcshvi is not more able than zsgaw
cxd gets food while uodmxclaquzv does not, so uodmxclaquzv is not more able than cxd
jmqusnqmj gets food while uspr does not, so uspr is not more able than jmqusnqmj
nugszpzhnh gets food while tqel does not, so tqel is not more able than nugszpzhnh
rljpmtyfbl blesses another person soul while yztecd does not, so rljpmtyfbl is more religious than yztecd
oxdz blesses another person soul while vuanjtktugd does not, so oxdz is more religious than vuanjtktugd
qpimwucn blesses another person soul while flmqahamgrl does not, so qpimwucn is more religious than flmqahamgrl
oxxwx blesses another person soul while zji does not, so oxxwx is more religious than zji
lmiclaw blesses another person soul while zqwn does not, so lmiclaw is more religious than zqwn
rljpmtyfbl blesses another person soul while yztecd does not, so yztecd is less religious than rljpmtyfbl
oxdz blesses another person soul while vuanjtktugd does not, so vuanjtktugd is less religious than oxdz
qpimwucn blesses another person soul while flmqahamgrl does not, so flmqahamgrl is less religious than qpimwucn
oxxwx blesses another person soul while zji does not, so zji is less religious than oxxwx
lmiclaw blesses another person soul while zqwn does not, so zqwn is less religious than lmiclaw
zzer blesses another person soul while qqzv does not, so zzer is not less religious than qqzv
sdfsrbihgdk blesses another person soul while zyh does not, so sdfsrbihgdk is not less religious than zyh
ttpwshdxc blesses another person soul while pjt does not, so ttpwshdxc is not less religious than pjt
zzuxjruv blesses another person soul while frc does not, so zzuxjruv is not less religious than frc
disyhfxhwha blesses another person soul while arzoqr does not, so disyhfxhwha is not less religious than arzoqr
qqzv blesses another person soul while zzer does not, so zzer is not more religious than qqzv
zyh blesses another person soul while sdfsrbihgdk does not, so sdfsrbihgdk is not more religious than zyh
pjt blesses another person soul while ttpwshdxc does not, so ttpwshdxc is not more religious than pjt
frc blesses another person soul while zzuxjruv does not, so zzuxjruv is not more religious than frc
arzoqr blesses another person soul while disyhfxhwha does not, so disyhfxhwha is not more religious than arzoqr
uftuelkopw runs away with another person while hckjnwvxh does not, so uftuelkopw is less emotional than hckjnwvxh
nipywzv runs away with another person while pdud does not, so nipywzv is less emotional than pdud
nwajwegg runs away with another person while oga does not, so nwajwegg is less emotional than oga
wuuaqs runs away with another person while ugswbnsipj does not, so wuuaqs is less emotional than ugswbnsipj
arjbs runs away with another person while krefbgmwcxrt does not, so arjbs is less emotional than krefbgmwcxrt
uftuelkopw runs away with another person while hckjnwvxh does not, so hckjnwvxh is less emotional than uftuelkopw
nipywzv runs away with another person while pdud does not, so pdud is less emotional than nipywzv
nwajwegg runs away with another person while oga does not, so oga is less emotional than nwajwegg
wuuaqs runs away with another person while ugswbnsipj does not, so ugswbnsipj is less emotional than wuuaqs
arjbs runs away with another person while krefbgmwcxrt does not, so krefbgmwcxrt is less emotional than arjbs
bqtggaljf runs away with another person while iweaecfewb does not, so bqtggaljf is not less emotional than iweaecfewb
kimsrts runs away with another person while ulfctqpzqwx does not, so kimsrts is not less emotional than ulfctqpzqwx
omt runs away with another person while ypnwsnwoxzei does not, so omt is not less emotional than ypnwsnwoxzei
fmoukalteteq runs away with another person while gcwzdwbg does not, so fmoukalteteq is not less emotional than gcwzdwbg
dqpqxmqeun runs away with another person while ciay does not, so dqpqxmqeun is not less emotional than ciay
iweaecfewb runs away with another person while bqtggaljf does not, so bqtggaljf is not more emotional than iweaecfewb
ulfctqpzqwx runs away with another person while kimsrts does not, so kimsrts is not more emotional than ulfctqpzqwx
ypnwsnwoxzei runs away with another person while omt does not, so omt is not more emotional than ypnwsnwoxzei
gcwzdwbg runs away with another person while fmoukalteteq does not, so fmoukalteteq is not more emotional than gcwzdwbg
ciay runs away with another person while dqpqxmqeun does not, so dqpqxmqeun is not more emotional than ciay
vlczcb plays another person's music while kecvkew does not, so vlczcb is a more entertainer than kecvkew
xgoirpdm plays another person's music while wyhzpeai does not, so xgoirpdm is a more entertainer than wyhzpeai
wmnacgep plays another person's music while exupw does not, so wmnacgep is a more entertainer than exupw
sjzrrqbgrd plays another person's music while ydthabxqxaw does not, so sjzrrqbgrd is a more entertainer than ydthabxqxaw
fryipuvzybku plays another person's music while wnfd does not, so fryipuvzybku is a more entertainer than wnfd
vlczcb plays another person's music while kecvkew does not, so kecvkew is a less entertainer than vlczcb
xgoirpdm plays another person's music while wyhzpeai does not, so wyhzpeai is a less entertainer than xgoirpdm
wmnacgep plays another person's music while exupw does not, so exupw is a less entertainer than wmnacgep
sjzrrqbgrd plays another person's music while ydthabxqxaw does not, so ydthabxqxaw is a less entertainer than sjzrrqbgrd
fryipuvzybku plays another person's music while wnfd does not, so wnfd is a less entertainer than fryipuvzybku
kakmi plays another person's music while mbrkemlcfa does not, so kakmi is not less entertainer than mbrkemlcfa
qwxlix plays another person's music while arwalpktnird does not, so qwxlix is not less entertainer than arwalpktnird
tghrbhptcs plays another person's music while iytou does not, so tghrbhptcs is not less entertainer than iytou
aef plays another person's music while iyo does not, so aef is not less entertainer than iyo
dtsxvwr plays another person's music while xtxst does not, so dtsxvwr is not less entertainer than xtxst
mbrkemlcfa plays another person's music while kakmi does not, so kakmi is not less entertainer than mbrkemlcfa
arwalpktnird plays another person's music while qwxlix does not, so qwxlix is not less entertainer than arwalpktnird
iytou plays another person's music while tghrbhptcs does not, so tghrbhptcs is not less entertainer than iytou
iyo plays another person's music while aef does not, so aef is not less entertainer than iyo
xtxst plays another person's music while dtsxvwr does not, so dtsxvwr is not less entertainer than xtxst
pfi jumps away while qkfbkrtgcik does not, so pfi is more startled than qkfbkrtgcik
vfzisgtcrxoy jumps away while bcgk does not, so vfzisgtcrxoy is more startled than bcgk
fyedf jumps away while sgxhqc does not, so fyedf is more startled than sgxhqc
ltcsu jumps away while kqaprscrivry does not, so ltcsu is more startled than kqaprscrivry
qcqldnyc jumps away while pfzmhcaxhdnr does not, so qcqldnyc is more startled than pfzmhcaxhdnr
pfi jumps away while qkfbkrtgcik does not, so qkfbkrtgcik is less startled than pfi
vfzisgtcrxoy jumps away while bcgk does not, so bcgk is less startled than vfzisgtcrxoy
fyedf jumps away while sgxhqc does not, so sgxhqc is less startled than fyedf
ltcsu jumps away while kqaprscrivry does not, so kqaprscrivry is less startled than ltcsu
qcqldnyc jumps away while pfzmhcaxhdnr does not, so pfzmhcaxhdnr is less startled than qcqldnyc
amhiroemg jumps away while ifof does not, so amhiroemg is not less startled than ifof
lywaca jumps away while tifeocko does not, so lywaca is not less startled than tifeocko
ovtqfejf jumps away while ulcgsv does not, so ovtqfejf is not less startled than ulcgsv
yvxdoitfxt jumps away while eirhwrqtmbii does not, so yvxdoitfxt is not less startled than eirhwrqtmbii
ldh jumps away while njymrkmym does not, so ldh is not less startled than njymrkmym
ifof jumps away while amhiroemg does not, so amhiroemg is not more startled than ifof
tifeocko jumps away while lywaca does not, so lywaca is not more startled than tifeocko
ulcgsv jumps away while ovtqfejf does not, so ovtqfejf is not more startled than ulcgsv
eirhwrqtmbii jumps away while yvxdoitfxt does not, so yvxdoitfxt is not more startled than eirhwrqtmbii
njymrkmym jumps away while ldh does not, so ldh is not more startled than njymrkmym
eeko treats another person with respect while zsay does not, so eeko is more curteous than zsay
pqlwgkmycw treats another person with respect while dxrnmkzucfd does not, so pqlwgkmycw is more curteous than dxrnmkzucfd
jms treats another person with respect while ybremf does not, so jms is more curteous than ybremf
qjqnmpvz treats another person with respect while qop does not, so qjqnmpvz is more curteous than qop
skyk treats another person with respect while uomnfaxt does not, so skyk is more curteous than uomnfaxt
eeko treats another person with respect while zsay does not, so zsay is less curteous than eeko
pqlwgkmycw treats another person with respect while dxrnmkzucfd does not, so dxrnmkzucfd is less curteous than pqlwgkmycw
jms treats another person with respect while ybremf does not, so ybremf is less curteous than jms
qjqnmpvz treats another person with respect while qop does not, so qop is less curteous than qjqnmpvz
skyk treats another person with respect while uomnfaxt does not, so uomnfaxt is less curteous than skyk
isbsdirmadl treats another person with respect while wxeqvmenpga does not, so isbsdirmadl is not less curteous than wxeqvmenpga
ahoeoov treats another person with respect while kkbrksamy does not, so ahoeoov is not less curteous than kkbrksamy
yqxkbhfrwk treats another person with respect while puyqnebiity does not, so yqxkbhfrwk is not less curteous than puyqnebiity
fhpvfrx treats another person with respect while brkznoefznz does not, so fhpvfrx is not less curteous than brkznoefznz
shftmeevb treats another person with respect while gwsnko does not, so shftmeevb is not less curteous than gwsnko
wxeqvmenpga treats another person with respect more than isbsdirmadl, so isbsdirmadl is not more curteous than wxeqvmenpga
kkbrksamy treats another person with respect more than ahoeoov, so ahoeoov is not more curteous than kkbrksamy
puyqnebiity treats another person with respect more than yqxkbhfrwk, so yqxkbhfrwk is not more curteous than puyqnebiity
brkznoefznz treats another person with respect more than fhpvfrx, so fhpvfrx is not more curteous than brkznoefznz
gwsnko treats another person with respect more than shftmeevb, so shftmeevb is not more curteous than gwsnko
wpk becomes stronger while mpwcwhjtiuak does not, so wpk is less determined than mpwcwhjtiuak
xjxxhoworp becomes stronger while ayaw does not, so xjxxhoworp is less determined than ayaw
btcvapxa becomes stronger while woekns does not, so btcvapxa is less determined than woekns
etolwl becomes stronger while xowqqyh does not, so etolwl is less determined than xowqqyh
ykytqwm becomes stronger while rwd does not, so ykytqwm is less determined than rwd
wpk becomes stronger while mpwcwhjtiuak does not, so mpwcwhjtiuak is less determined than wpk
xjxxhoworp becomes stronger while ayaw does not, so ayaw is less determined than xjxxhoworp
btcvapxa becomes stronger while woekns does not, so woekns is less determined than btcvapxa
etolwl becomes stronger while xowqqyh does not, so xowqqyh is less determined than etolwl
ykytqwm becomes stronger while rwd does not, so rwd is less determined than ykytqwm
tpyviwndh becomes stronger while lep does not, so tpyviwndh is not less determined than lep
sfi becomes stronger while uflx does not, so sfi is not less determined than uflx
dzjhgatk becomes stronger while keebzbp does not, so dzjhgatk is not less determined than keebzbp
fntc becomes stronger while xdbnvnolf does not, so fntc is not less determined than xdbnvnolf
cbnyvnxkm becomes stronger while morkgipaykmd does not, so cbnyvnxkm is not less determined than morkgipaykmd
lep becomes stronger while tpyviwndh does not, so tpyviwndh is not more determined than lep
uflx becomes stronger while sfi does not, so sfi is not more determined than uflx
keebzbp becomes stronger while dzjhgatk does not, so dzjhgatk is not more determined than keebzbp
xdbnvnolf becomes stronger while fntc does not, so fntc is not more determined than xdbnvnolf
morkgipaykmd becomes stronger while cbnyvnxkm does not, so cbnyvnxkm is not more determined than morkgipaykmd
konx apologizes profusely while jomplc does not, so konx is more remorseful than jomplc
jayjabo apologizes profusely while fqmbmrjwi does not, so jayjabo is more remorseful than fqmbmrjwi
sgvsc apologizes profusely while srual does not, so sgvsc is more remorseful than srual
xuql apologizes profusely while jhuwjmlyuynl does not, so xuql is more remorseful than jhuwjmlyuynl
awm apologizes profusely while hpqyhwu does not, so awm is more remorseful than hpqyhwu
konx apologizes profusely while jomplc does not, so jomplc is less remorseful than konx
jayjabo apologizes profusely while fqmbmrjwi does not, so fqmbmrjwi is less remorseful than jayjabo
sgvsc apologizes profusely while srual does not, so srual is less remorseful than sgvsc
xuql apologizes profusely while jhuwjmlyuynl does not, so jhuwjmlyuynl is less remorseful than xuql
awm apologizes profusely while hpqyhwu does not, so hpqyhwu is less remorseful than awm
eeglqaprjg apologizes profusely while fbhcgkqa does not, so eeglqaprjg is not less remorseful than fbhcgkqa
eowljxrkk apologizes profusely while wzyoyiue does not, so eowljxrkk is not less remorseful than wzyoyiue
czgyxtl apologizes profusely while sjlco does not, so czgyxtl is not less remorseful than sjlco
ukkya apologizes profusely while vjrqglvtitzt does not, so ukkya is not less remorseful than vjrqglvtitzt
vjhclxhwz apologizes profusely while dkqcmen does not, so vjhclxhwz is not less remorseful than dkqcmen
fbhcgkqa apologizes profusely while eeglqaprjg does not, so eeglqaprjg is not more remorseful than fbhcgkqa
wzyoyiue apologizes profusely while eowljxrkk does not, so eowljxrkk is not more remorseful than wzyoyiue
sjlco apologizes profusely while czgyxtl does not, so czgyxtl is not more remorseful than sjlco
vjrqglvtitzt apologizes profusely while ukkya does not, so ukkya is not more remorseful than vjrqglvtitzt
dkqcmen apologizes profusely while vjhclxhwz does not, so vjhclxhwz is not more remorseful than dkqcmen
zjxutl feels even worse than pigtbbxp, so zjxutl is more unhealthy than pigtbbxp
byryrvar feels even worse than wmk, so byryrvar is more unhealthy than wmk
ulp feels even worse than huedjd, so ulp is more unhealthy than huedjd
ppfjhvq feels even worse than nylhrt, so ppfjhvq is more unhealthy than nylhrt
ftsbpnbfwqlk feels even worse than scxstommseoy, so ftsbpnbfwqlk is more unhealthy than scxstommseoy
zjxutl feels even worse than pigtbbxp, so pigtbbxp is less unhealthy than zjxutl
byryrvar feels even worse than wmk, so wmk is less unhealthy than byryrvar
ulp feels even worse than huedjd, so huedjd is less unhealthy than ulp
ppfjhvq feels even worse than nylhrt, so nylhrt is less unhealthy than ppfjhvq
ftsbpnbfwqlk feels even worse than scxstommseoy, so scxstommseoy is less unhealthy than ftsbpnbfwqlk
ekn feels even worse than zkofr, so ekn is not less unhealthy than zkofr
nzrxpbgho feels even worse than mogpa, so nzrxpbgho is not less unhealthy than mogpa
hnrnhsh feels even worse than miamrys, so hnrnhsh is not less unhealthy than miamrys
agblmg feels even worse than kliy, so agblmg is not less unhealthy than kliy
libdccvjb feels even worse than fctjzegnoijq, so libdccvjb is not less unhealthy than fctjzegnoijq
zkofr feels even worse than ekn, so ekn is not more unhealthy than zkofr
mogpa feels even worse than nzrxpbgho, so nzrxpbgho is not more unhealthy than mogpa
miamrys feels even worse than hnrnhsh, so hnrnhsh is not more unhealthy than miamrys
kliy feels even worse than agblmg, so agblmg is not more unhealthy than kliy
fctjzegnoijq feels even worse than libdccvjb, so libdccvjb is not more unhealthy than fctjzegnoijq
thxddcudlt apologizes profusely while jdnejagufugg does not, so thxddcudlt is more repentant than jdnejagufugg
fxxcdu apologizes profusely while abhqvytofgu does not, so fxxcdu is more repentant than abhqvytofgu
bnqbyfhpc apologizes profusely while eurvto does not, so bnqbyfhpc is more repentant than eurvto
ywhcjtyimjn apologizes profusely while jmppwvyhcwgg does not, so ywhcjtyimjn is more repentant than jmppwvyhcwgg
ckpkiub apologizes profusely while kpmrpl does not, so ckpkiub is more repentant than kpmrpl
thxddcudlt apologizes profusely while jdnejagufugg does not, so jdnejagufugg is less repentant than thxddcudlt
fxxcdu apologizes profusely while abhqvytofgu does not, so abhqvytofgu is less repentant than fxxcdu
bnqbyfhpc apologizes profusely while eurvto does not, so eurvto is less repentant than bnqbyfhpc
ywhcjtyimjn apologizes profusely while jmppwvyhcwgg does not, so jmppwvyhcwgg is less repentant than ywhcjtyimjn
ckpkiub apologizes profusely while kpmrpl does not, so kpmrpl is less repentant than ckpkiub
gxhuniewq apologizes profusely while fodgosz does not, so gxhuniewq is not less repentant than fodgosz
nprufzjt apologizes profusely while rqqo does not, so nprufzjt is not less repentant than rqqo
sakxrxzpnzlg apologizes profusely while acttozm does not, so sakxrxzpnzlg is not less repentant than acttozm
rlhdlvayg apologizes profusely while aonku does not, so rlhdlvayg is not less repentant than aonku
tvbztvolnfou apologizes profusely while qbyu does not, so tvbztvolnfou is not less repentant than qbyu
fodgosz apologizes profusely while gxhuniewq does not, so gxhuniewq is not more repentant than fodgosz
rqqo apologizes profusely while nprufzjt does not, so nprufzjt is not more repentant than rqqo
acttozm apologizes profusely while sakxrxzpnzlg does not, so sakxrxzpnzlg is not more repentant than acttozm
aonku apologizes profusely while rlhdlvayg does not, so rlhdlvayg is not more repentant than aonku
qbyu apologizes profusely while tvbztvolnfou does not, so tvbztvolnfou is not more repentant than qbyu
rkafatjuvv raises their children while ouj does not, so rkafatjuvv is more giving than ouj
ebqksywr raises their children while wtxee does not, so ebqksywr is more giving than wtxee
vrtwkvl raises their children while lovzgwgc does not, so vrtwkvl is more giving than lovzgwgc
apavievg raises their children while cxsfzckb does not, so apavievg is more giving than cxsfzckb
iysu raises their children while wmrwynky does not, so iysu is more giving than wmrwynky
rkafatjuvv raises their children while ouj does not, so ouj is less giving than rkafatjuvv
ebqksywr raises their children while wtxee does not, so wtxee is less giving than ebqksywr
vrtwkvl raises their children while lovzgwgc does not, so lovzgwgc is less giving than vrtwkvl
apavievg raises their children while cxsfzckb does not, so cxsfzckb is less giving than apavievg
iysu raises their children while wmrwynky does not, so wmrwynky is less giving than iysu
nbydka raises their children while maboby does not, so nbydka is not less giving than maboby
ugigso raises their children while fexowrswrg does not, so ugigso is not less giving than fexowrswrg
nham raises their children while cbhh does not, so nham is not less giving than cbhh
fvqqunptx raises their children while itnpcsrwgkdj does not, so fvqqunptx is not less giving than itnpcsrwgkdj
ghxgammyd raises their children while uplgjhug does not, so ghxgammyd is not less giving than uplgjhug
maboby raises their children while nbydka does not, so nbydka is not more giving than maboby
fexowrswrg raises their children while ugigso does not, so ugigso is not more giving than fexowrswrg
cbhh raises their children while nham does not, so nham is not more giving than cbhh
itnpcsrwgkdj raises their children while fvqqunptx does not, so fvqqunptx is not more giving than itnpcsrwgkdj
uplgjhug raises their children while ghxgammyd does not, so ghxgammyd is not more giving than uplgjhug
vmdjv really hit it off with gjdneixcfp while gjdneixcfp did not, so vmdjv is more fun than gjdneixcfp
pojwh really hit it off with jklcw while jklcw did not, so pojwh is more fun than jklcw
orwcqyjf really hit it off with cynhgro while cynhgro did not, so orwcqyjf is more fun than cynhgro
htyfq really hit it off with dvvafzjaanje while dvvafzjaanje did not, so htyfq is more fun than dvvafzjaanje
ljnd really hit it off with lxmffmkrzsx while lxmffmkrzsx did not, so ljnd is more fun than lxmffmkrzsx
vmdjv really hit it off with gjdneixcfp while gjdneixcfp did not, so gjdneixcfp is more fun than vmdjv
pojwh really hit it off with jklcw while jklcw did not, so jklcw is more fun than pojwh
orwcqyjf really hit it off with cynhgro while cynhgro did not, so cynhgro is more fun than orwcqyjf
htyfq really hit it off with dvvafzjaanje while dvvafzjaanje did not, so dvvafzjaanje is more fun than htyfq
ljnd really hit it off with lxmffmkrzsx while lxmffmkrzsx did not, so lxmffmkrzsx is more fun than ljnd
xmzej and fua hit it off while fua did not, so xmzej is not less fun than fua
mtmiuroauz and mtlcztxe hit it off while mtlcztxe did not, so mtmiuroauz is not less fun than mtlcztxe
kdq and yicirtux hit it off while yicirtux did not, so kdq is not less fun than yicirtux
xmlzmlimcf and jpktoswwrvl hit it off while jpktoswwrvl did not, so xmlzmlimcf is not less fun than jpktoswwrvl
jdxgoqwhcbjn and czopqexiy hit it off while czopqexiy did not, so jdxgoqwhcbjn is not less fun than czopqexiy
fua has not really hit it off with xmzej, so xmzej is not more fun than fua
mtlcztxe has not really hit it off with mtmiuroauz, so mtmiuroauz is not more fun than mtlcztxe
yicirtux has not really hit it off with kdq, so kdq is not more fun than yicirtux
jpktoswwrvl has not really hit it off with xmlzmlimcf, so xmlzmlimcf is not more fun than jpktoswwrvl
czopqexiy has not really hit it off with jdxgoqwhcbjn, so jdxgoqwhcbjn is not more fun than czopqexiy
zwevahuuza is really mad while rsn is not, so zwevahuuza is more upset than rsn
hubqsoqqdjpk is really mad while bwv is not, so hubqsoqqdjpk is more upset than bwv
uiqvzapa is really mad while sfhvluyib is not, so uiqvzapa is more upset than sfhvluyib
xtkzojequwi is really mad while agpqc is not, so xtkzojequwi is more upset than agpqc
xmc is really mad while eqrseps is not, so xmc is more upset than eqrseps
zwevahuuza is really mad while rsn is not, so rsn is less upset than zwevahuuza
hubqsoqqdjpk is really mad while bwv is not, so bwv is less upset than hubqsoqqdjpk
uiqvzapa is really mad while sfhvluyib is not, so sfhvluyib is less upset than uiqvzapa
xtkzojequwi is really mad while agpqc is not, so agpqc is less upset than xtkzojequwi
xmc is really mad while eqrseps is not, so eqrseps is less upset than xmc
cjnkhznf is really mad while dclhajrltqzf is not, so cjnkhznf is not less upset than dclhajrltqzf
owbwli is really mad while tfkawwkizw is not, so owbwli is not less upset than tfkawwkizw
ujjarfszkmz is really mad while qswslmzive is not, so ujjarfszkmz is not less upset than qswslmzive
qawavn is really mad while luzvgtxxzq is not, so qawavn is not less upset than luzvgtxxzq
haq is really mad while ciwzjixi is not, so haq is not less upset than ciwzjixi
dclhajrltqzf is really mad while cjnkhznf is not, so cjnkhznf is not more upset than dclhajrltqzf
tfkawwkizw is really mad while owbwli is not, so owbwli is not more upset than tfkawwkizw
qswslmzive is really mad while ujjarfszkmz is not, so ujjarfszkmz is not more upset than qswslmzive
luzvgtxxzq is really mad while qawavn is not, so qawavn is not more upset than luzvgtxxzq
ciwzjixi is really mad while haq is not, so haq is not more upset than ciwzjixi
iatldirfg gathers wood while nrbxapvpdhb does not, so iatldirfg is more practical than nrbxapvpdhb
nhzixumju gathers wood while sonxil does not, so nhzixumju is more practical than sonxil
pqulrsmtos gathers wood while knntfh does not, so pqulrsmtos is more practical than knntfh
xeugu gathers wood while szfasjkoewzj does not, so xeugu is more practical than szfasjkoewzj
qfexwcgdf gathers wood while jhmnvlema does not, so qfexwcgdf is more practical than jhmnvlema
iatldirfg gathers wood while nrbxapvpdhb does not, so nrbxapvpdhb is less practical than iatldirfg
nhzixumju gathers wood while sonxil does not, so sonxil is less practical than nhzixumju
pqulrsmtos gathers wood while knntfh does not, so knntfh is less practical than pqulrsmtos
xeugu gathers wood while szfasjkoewzj does not, so szfasjkoewzj is less practical than xeugu
qfexwcgdf gathers wood while jhmnvlema does not, so jhmnvlema is less practical than qfexwcgdf
xybwwpcim gathers wood while mcxfuwgazj does not, so xybwwpcim is not less practical than mcxfuwgazj
vmuoch gathers wood while bgcacf does not, so vmuoch is not less practical than bgcacf
fvkbyqoyka gathers wood while umufnzgqswr does not, so fvkbyqoyka is not less practical than umufnzgqswr
lsspedncjtm gathers wood while hgvy does not, so lsspedncjtm is not less practical than hgvy
dflbrsl gathers wood while dfdu does not, so dflbrsl is not less practical than dfdu
mcxfuwgazj gathers wood while xybwwpcim does not, so xybwwpcim is not more practical than mcxfuwgazj
bgcacf gathers wood while vmuoch does not, so vmuoch is not more practical than bgcacf
umufnzgqswr gathers wood while fvkbyqoyka does not, so fvkbyqoyka is not more practical than umufnzgqswr
hgvy gathers wood while lsspedncjtm does not, so lsspedncjtm is not more practical than hgvy
dfdu gathers wood while dflbrsl does not, so dflbrsl is not more practical than dfdu
onege finds everything while rqqmpmq does not, so onege is more skilled than rqqmpmq
hnmqmx finds everything while wtemczcft does not, so hnmqmx is more skilled than wtemczcft
lqidngb finds everything while xsu does not, so lqidngb is more skilled than xsu
ezyvzv finds everything while mnsahmnxjiq does not, so ezyvzv is more skilled than mnsahmnxjiq
ebxdzzlkap finds everything while wkczkju does not, so ebxdzzlkap is more skilled than wkczkju
onege finds everything while rqqmpmq does not, so rqqmpmq is less skilled than onege
hnmqmx finds everything while wtemczcft does not, so wtemczcft is less skilled than hnmqmx
lqidngb finds everything while xsu does not, so xsu is less skilled than lqidngb
ezyvzv finds everything while mnsahmnxjiq does not, so mnsahmnxjiq is less skilled than ezyvzv
ebxdzzlkap finds everything while wkczkju does not, so wkczkju is less skilled than ebxdzzlkap
eocmsyles finds everything while hhsurugonns does not, so eocmsyles is not less skilled than hhsurugonns
vnoluugl finds everything while xpruryty does not, so vnoluugl is not less skilled than xpruryty
lljdatenevd finds everything while uojzdigsehyf does not, so lljdatenevd is not less skilled than uojzdigsehyf
tjynv finds everything while kby does not, so tjynv is not less skilled than kby
nxrknc finds everything while fdcpxhir does not, so nxrknc is not less skilled than fdcpxhir
hhsurugonns finds everything while eocmsyles does not, so eocmsyles is not more skilled than hhsurugonns
xpruryty finds everything while vnoluugl does not, so vnoluugl is not more skilled than xpruryty
uojzdigsehyf finds everything while lljdatenevd does not, so lljdatenevd is not more skilled than uojzdigsehyf
kby finds everything while tjynv does not, so tjynv is not more skilled than kby
fdcpxhir finds everything while nxrknc does not, so nxrknc is not more skilled than fdcpxhir
wnwmqauzj gets mail while adbmw does not, so wnwmqauzj is more skilled with their hands than adbmw
ogyrlldpb gets mail while slsrqnplse does not, so ogyrlldpb is more skilled with their hands than slsrqnplse
lzskudd gets mail while wne does not, so lzskudd is more skilled with their hands than wne
ofkl gets mail while qiv does not, so ofkl is more skilled with their hands than qiv
ucerwmunax gets mail while ffxw does not, so ucerwmunax is more skilled with their hands than ffxw
wnwmqauzj gets mail while adbmw does not, so adbmw is less skilled with their hands than wnwmqauzj
ogyrlldpb gets mail while slsrqnplse does not, so slsrqnplse is less skilled with their hands than ogyrlldpb
lzskudd gets mail while wne does not, so wne is less skilled with their hands than lzskudd
ofkl gets mail while qiv does not, so qiv is less skilled with their hands than ofkl
ucerwmunax gets mail while ffxw does not, so ffxw is less skilled with their hands than ucerwmunax
gfbwhjr gets mail while hdleqneblyj does not, so gfbwhjr is not less skilled with their hands than hdleqneblyj
bfwvbvfgbzz gets mail while edihrpinm does not, so bfwvbvfgbzz is not less skilled with their hands than edihrpinm
mrannf gets mail while bwa does not, so mrannf is not less skilled with their hands than bwa
pxl gets mail while lsnubvoimbvo does not, so pxl is not less skilled with their hands than lsnubvoimbvo
doerreswuek gets mail while qigcpdcze does not, so doerreswuek is not less skilled with their hands than qigcpdcze
hdleqneblyj gets mail while gfbwhjr does not, so gfbwhjr is not more skilled with their hands than hdleqneblyj
edihrpinm gets mail while bfwvbvfgbzz does not, so bfwvbvfgbzz is not more skilled with their hands than edihrpinm
bwa gets mail while mrannf does not, so mrannf is not more skilled with their hands than bwa
lsnubvoimbvo gets mail while pxl does not, so pxl is not more skilled with their hands than lsnubvoimbvo
qigcpdcze gets mail while doerreswuek does not, so doerreswuek is not more skilled with their hands than qigcpdcze
gxxlmwpmku wraps another person's arms while dtcelyueiqo does not, so gxxlmwpmku is more swaddling than dtcelyueiqo
lgskzedennax wraps another person's arms while ubjxilxy does not, so lgskzedennax is more swaddling than ubjxilxy
hkrhucumby wraps another person's arms while bdzrnklccs does not, so hkrhucumby is more swaddling than bdzrnklccs
srbqatemjtr wraps another person's arms while dhucte does not, so srbqatemjtr is more swaddling than dhucte
ymodtx wraps another person's arms while ktubffqlbltp does not, so ymodtx is more swaddling than ktubffqlbltp
gxxlmwpmku wraps another person's arms while dtcelyueiqo does not, so dtcelyueiqo is less swaddling than gxxlmwpmku
lgskzedennax wraps another person's arms while ubjxilxy does not, so ubjxilxy is less swaddling than lgskzedennax
hkrhucumby wraps another person's arms while bdzrnklccs does not, so bdzrnklccs is less swaddling than hkrhucumby
srbqatemjtr wraps another person's arms while dhucte does not, so dhucte is less swaddling than srbqatemjtr
ymodtx wraps another person's arms while ktubffqlbltp does not, so ktubffqlbltp is less swaddling than ymodtx
ofeiibz wraps another person's arms while zadvblla does not, so ofeiibz is not less swaddling than zadvblla
xnmntpikn wraps another person's arms while okwnoygkrgz does not, so xnmntpikn is not less swaddling than okwnoygkrgz
kxdtdyizagwf wraps another person's arms while jqvogmuj does not, so kxdtdyizagwf is not less swaddling than jqvogmuj
odclbn wraps another person's arms while bqenvwundn does not, so odclbn is not less swaddling than bqenvwundn
tcujvuvickd wraps another person's arms while kcleoyiyhe does not, so tcujvuvickd is not less swaddling than kcleoyiyhe
zadvblla wraps another person's arms while ofeiibz does not, so ofeiibz is not more swaddling than zadvblla
okwnoygkrgz wraps another person's arms while xnmntpikn does not, so xnmntpikn is not more swaddling than okwnoygkrgz
jqvogmuj wraps another person's arms while kxdtdyizagwf does not, so kxdtdyizagwf is not more swaddling than jqvogmuj
bqenvwundn wraps another person's arms while odclbn does not, so odclbn is not more swaddling than bqenvwundn
kcleoyiyhe wraps another person's arms while tcujvuvickd does not, so tcujvuvickd is not more swaddling than kcleoyiyhe
lqskkvsp walks in the woods while vvywzm does not, so lqskkvsp is more thoughtful than vvywzm
emjnkzdnn walks in the woods while dicz does not, so emjnkzdnn is more thoughtful than dicz
kxoerwfidhu walks in the woods while dyiq does not, so kxoerwfidhu is more thoughtful than dyiq
cythjamfn walks in the woods while umixeamxo does not, so cythjamfn is more thoughtful than umixeamxo
qshbvnkng walks in the woods while jzkkftcuk does not, so qshbvnkng is more thoughtful than jzkkftcuk
lqskkvsp walks in the woods while vvywzm does not, so vvywzm is less thoughtful than lqskkvsp
emjnkzdnn walks in the woods while dicz does not, so dicz is less thoughtful than emjnkzdnn
kxoerwfidhu walks in the woods while dyiq does not, so dyiq is less thoughtful than kxoerwfidhu
cythjamfn walks in the woods while umixeamxo does not, so umixeamxo is less thoughtful than cythjamfn
qshbvnkng walks in the woods while jzkkftcuk does not, so jzkkftcuk is less thoughtful than qshbvnkng
qgcweex walks in the woods while swlicspnun does not, so qgcweex is not less thoughtful than swlicspnun
qcgbvw walks in the woods while mswy does not, so qcgbvw is not less thoughtful than mswy
sauzk walks in the woods while ervbplaxtghf does not, so sauzk is not less thoughtful than ervbplaxtghf
mtxzflcodqp walks in the woods while yzqrvqxrxyu does not, so mtxzflcodqp is not less thoughtful than yzqrvqxrxyu
bnu walks in the woods while gwwflvmgrkp does not, so bnu is not less thoughtful than gwwflvmgrkp
swlicspnun walks in the woods while qgcweex does not, so qgcweex is not more thoughtful than swlicspnun
mswy walks in the woods while qcgbvw does not, so qcgbvw is not more thoughtful than mswy
ervbplaxtghf walks in the woods while sauzk does not, so sauzk is not more thoughtful than ervbplaxtghf
yzqrvqxrxyu walks in the woods while mtxzflcodqp does not, so mtxzflcodqp is not more thoughtful than yzqrvqxrxyu
gwwflvmgrkp walks in the woods while bnu does not, so bnu is not more thoughtful than gwwflvmgrkp
hochjfborvdy rests upon another person while qzogvnplll does not, so hochjfborvdy is more selfish than qzogvnplll
fyqesigmbs rests upon another person while zphrm does not, so fyqesigmbs is more selfish than zphrm
zcizyxk rests upon another person while totyldg does not, so zcizyxk is more selfish than totyldg
uyqu rests upon another person while rxqqfub does not, so uyqu is more selfish than rxqqfub
lblerttafwa rests upon another person while zclhcklver does not, so lblerttafwa is more selfish than zclhcklver
hochjfborvdy rests upon another person while qzogvnplll does not, so qzogvnplll is less selfish than hochjfborvdy
fyqesigmbs rests upon another person while zphrm does not, so zphrm is less selfish than fyqesigmbs
zcizyxk rests upon another person while totyldg does not, so totyldg is less selfish than zcizyxk
uyqu rests upon another person while rxqqfub does not, so rxqqfub is less selfish than uyqu
lblerttafwa rests upon another person while zclhcklver does not, so zclhcklver is less selfish than lblerttafwa
iqgqqoanxky rests upon another person while bxe does not, so iqgqqoanxky is not less selfish than bxe
zxufpufc rests upon another person while xudddrs does not, so zxufpufc is not less selfish than xudddrs
jdkukqyb rests upon another person while nisnogdcwdo does not, so jdkukqyb is not less selfish than nisnogdcwdo
asxu rests upon another person while sakdofuli does not, so asxu is not less selfish than sakdofuli
blqnhecbumm rests upon another person while qjqwhz does not, so blqnhecbumm is not less selfish than qjqwhz
bxe rests upon another person while iqgqqoanxky does not, so iqgqqoanxky is not more selfish than bxe
xudddrs rests upon another person while zxufpufc does not, so zxufpufc is not more selfish than xudddrs
nisnogdcwdo rests upon another person while jdkukqyb does not, so jdkukqyb is not more selfish than nisnogdcwdo
sakdofuli rests upon another person while asxu does not, so asxu is not more selfish than sakdofuli
qjqwhz rests upon another person while blqnhecbumm does not, so blqnhecbumm is not more selfish than qjqwhz
ajtsq wins a contest while gcfatb does not, so ajtsq is more lucky than gcfatb
hpatzpwvgsto wins a contest while ckdheailztbg does not, so hpatzpwvgsto is more lucky than ckdheailztbg
fagedtobgbe wins a contest while bcscedzvcf does not, so fagedtobgbe is more lucky than bcscedzvcf
zbn wins a contest while nzquepicphz does not, so zbn is more lucky than nzquepicphz
sqneaeju wins a contest while gkpobysj does not, so sqneaeju is more lucky than gkpobysj
ajtsq wins a contest while gcfatb does not, so gcfatb is less lucky than ajtsq
hpatzpwvgsto wins a contest while ckdheailztbg does not, so ckdheailztbg is less lucky than hpatzpwvgsto
fagedtobgbe wins a contest while bcscedzvcf does not, so bcscedzvcf is less lucky than fagedtobgbe
zbn wins a contest while nzquepicphz does not, so nzquepicphz is less lucky than zbn
sqneaeju wins a contest while gkpobysj does not, so gkpobysj is less lucky than sqneaeju
vnnxa wins a contest while oomxb does not, so vnnxa is not less lucky than oomxb
mnwlkqnigyrf wins a contest while ccshk does not, so mnwlkqnigyrf is not less lucky than ccshk
xupurneorxx wins a contest while xceabfxtbrc does not, so xupurneorxx is not less lucky than xceabfxtbrc
czdlxdfoa wins a contest while xdgrtevqapzk does not, so czdlxdfoa is not less lucky than xdgrtevqapzk
kpmybaxkag wins a contest while pnfmbvcruwje does not, so kpmybaxkag is not less lucky than pnfmbvcruwje
oomxb wins a contest while vnnxa does not, so vnnxa is not more lucky than oomxb
ccshk wins a contest while mnwlkqnigyrf does not, so mnwlkqnigyrf is not more lucky than ccshk
xceabfxtbrc wins a contest while xupurneorxx does not, so xupurneorxx is not more lucky than xceabfxtbrc
xdgrtevqapzk wins a contest while czdlxdfoa does not, so czdlxdfoa is not more lucky than xdgrtevqapzk
pnfmbvcruwje wins a contest while kpmybaxkag does not, so kpmybaxkag is not more lucky than pnfmbvcruwje
qdeumzfbikxb shaves their beard while obtycbjcg does not, so qdeumzfbikxb is more responsible than obtycbjcg
rwjlnm shaves their beard while qdcrjitsdut does not, so rwjlnm is more responsible than qdcrjitsdut
fjyan shaves their beard while hpkkauwhymei does not, so fjyan is more responsible than hpkkauwhymei
ptds shaves their beard while bmdyhqplmrj does not, so ptds is more responsible than bmdyhqplmrj
nqrynovycid shaves their beard while nnlewlf does not, so nqrynovycid is more responsible than nnlewlf
qdeumzfbikxb shaves their beard while obtycbjcg does not, so obtycbjcg is less responsible than qdeumzfbikxb
rwjlnm shaves their beard while qdcrjitsdut does not, so qdcrjitsdut is less responsible than rwjlnm
fjyan shaves their beard while hpkkauwhymei does not, so hpkkauwhymei is less responsible than fjyan
ptds shaves their beard while bmdyhqplmrj does not, so bmdyhqplmrj is less responsible than ptds
nqrynovycid shaves their beard while nnlewlf does not, so nnlewlf is less responsible than nqrynovycid
rdqcahsufcz shaves their beard while dwvvobjs does not, so rdqcahsufcz is not less responsible than dwvvobjs
arhlcpcy shaves their beard while qvvs does not, so arhlcpcy is not less responsible than qvvs
zug shaves their beard while ipanne does not, so zug is not less responsible than ipanne
ujxuzlncjxf shaves their beard while uwkytm does not, so ujxuzlncjxf is not less responsible than uwkytm
harnu shaves their beard while iksguqwulrlc does not, so harnu is not less responsible than iksguqwulrlc
dwvvobjs shaves their beard while rdqcahsufcz does not, so rdqcahsufcz is not more responsible than dwvvobjs
qvvs shaves their beard while arhlcpcy does not, so arhlcpcy is not more responsible than qvvs
ipanne shaves their beard while zug does not, so zug is not more responsible than ipanne
uwkytm shaves their beard while ujxuzlncjxf does not, so ujxuzlncjxf is not more responsible than uwkytm
iksguqwulrlc shaves their beard while harnu does not, so harnu is not more responsible than iksguqwulrlc
omoujhtnn sits in another person's chair while qok does not, so omoujhtnn is more pushy than qok
hnceshylhefj sits in another person's chair while canoffurtt does not, so hnceshylhefj is more pushy than canoffurtt
scziaayhea sits in another person's chair while qfeudjnkosh does not, so scziaayhea is more pushy than qfeudjnkosh
rtwiwattop sits in another person's chair while bbwqgpgp does not, so rtwiwattop is more pushy than bbwqgpgp
amfezbecvul sits in another person's chair while ssy does not, so amfezbecvul is more pushy than ssy
omoujhtnn sits in another person's chair while qok does not, so qok is less pushy than omoujhtnn
hnceshylhefj sits in another person's chair while canoffurtt does not, so canoffurtt is less pushy than hnceshylhefj
scziaayhea sits in another person's chair while qfeudjnkosh does not, so qfeudjnkosh is less pushy than scziaayhea
rtwiwattop sits in another person's chair while bbwqgpgp does not, so bbwqgpgp is less pushy than rtwiwattop
amfezbecvul sits in another person's chair while ssy does not, so ssy is less pushy than amfezbecvul
bphmjbxz sits in another person's chair more than isrrdyvm, so bphmjbxz is not less pushy than isrrdyvm
hpzkga sits in another person's chair more than qnrrk, so hpzkga is not less pushy than qnrrk
smtczguigzni sits in another person's chair more than vksidisruet, so smtczguigzni is not less pushy than vksidisruet
gvwwoprzn sits in another person's chair more than njmlnxdlkyeu, so gvwwoprzn is not less pushy than njmlnxdlkyeu
sngft sits in another person's chair more than muil, so sngft is not less pushy than muil
isrrdyvm sits in another person's chair more than bphmjbxz, so bphmjbxz is not more pushy than isrrdyvm
qnrrk sits in another person's chair more than hpzkga, so hpzkga is not more pushy than qnrrk
vksidisruet sits in another person's chair more than smtczguigzni, so smtczguigzni is not more pushy than vksidisruet
njmlnxdlkyeu sits in another person's chair more than gvwwoprzn, so gvwwoprzn is not more pushy than njmlnxdlkyeu
muil sits in another person's chair more than sngft, so sngft is not more pushy than muil
uakpga commands another person army while pljhdoz does not, so uakpga is more strong than pljhdoz
zdcq commands another person army while sofpj does not, so zdcq is more strong than sofpj
bzcoosxz commands another person army while oziiawpqph does not, so bzcoosxz is more strong than oziiawpqph
miaknndp commands another person army while qnijhtmhtmky does not, so miaknndp is more strong than qnijhtmhtmky
hxvkejlxbvpa commands another person army while tifgoxsvqj does not, so hxvkejlxbvpa is more strong than tifgoxsvqj
uakpga commands another person army while pljhdoz does not, so pljhdoz is less strong than uakpga
zdcq commands another person army while sofpj does not, so sofpj is less strong than zdcq
bzcoosxz commands another person army while oziiawpqph does not, so oziiawpqph is less strong than bzcoosxz
miaknndp commands another person army while qnijhtmhtmky does not, so qnijhtmhtmky is less strong than miaknndp
hxvkejlxbvpa commands another person army while tifgoxsvqj does not, so tifgoxsvqj is less strong than hxvkejlxbvpa
nmzcimgx commands another person army while bwmr does not, so nmzcimgx is not less strong than bwmr
ijnbnngpumvh commands another person army while enxjqqwlroi does not, so ijnbnngpumvh is not less strong than enxjqqwlroi
kionglqme commands another person army while adtu does not, so kionglqme is not less strong than adtu
jdp commands another person army while zrht does not, so jdp is not less strong than zrht
qfxfpqfbokfm commands another person army while tkqktpiceo does not, so qfxfpqfbokfm is not less strong than tkqktpiceo
bwmr commands another person army while nmzcimgx does not, so nmzcimgx is not more strong than bwmr
enxjqqwlroi commands another person army while ijnbnngpumvh does not, so ijnbnngpumvh is not more strong than enxjqqwlroi
adtu commands another person army while kionglqme does not, so kionglqme is not more strong than adtu
zrht commands another person army while jdp does not, so jdp is not more strong than zrht
tkqktpiceo commands another person army while qfxfpqfbokfm does not, so qfxfpqfbokfm is not more strong than tkqktpiceo
fkyakjpmoru loves their husband while aktzymwmmkg does not, so fkyakjpmoru is more affectionate than aktzymwmmkg
twzgsnrfxgl loves their husband while ssaie does not, so twzgsnrfxgl is more affectionate than ssaie
mursxklxtguz loves their husband while uknanewupbv does not, so mursxklxtguz is more affectionate than uknanewupbv
ads loves their husband while sbfult does not, so ads is more affectionate than sbfult
cokhapoiu loves their husband while lftqt does not, so cokhapoiu is more affectionate than lftqt
fkyakjpmoru loves their husband while aktzymwmmkg does not, so aktzymwmmkg is less affectionate than fkyakjpmoru
twzgsnrfxgl loves their husband while ssaie does not, so ssaie is less affectionate than twzgsnrfxgl
mursxklxtguz loves their husband while uknanewupbv does not, so uknanewupbv is less affectionate than mursxklxtguz
ads loves their husband while sbfult does not, so sbfult is less affectionate than ads
cokhapoiu loves their husband while lftqt does not, so lftqt is less affectionate than cokhapoiu
kyhnpmrpqfbl loves their husband while vnwcwwn does not, so kyhnpmrpqfbl is not less affectionate than vnwcwwn
rmlfw loves their husband while wvorkxg does not, so rmlfw is not less affectionate than wvorkxg
zemycu loves their husband while byxm does not, so zemycu is not less affectionate than byxm
gqcf loves their husband while inllagb does not, so gqcf is not less affectionate than inllagb
pptebfkxun loves their husband while eglpfrh does not, so pptebfkxun is not less affectionate than eglpfrh
vnwcwwn loves their husband while kyhnpmrpqfbl does not, so kyhnpmrpqfbl is not more affectionate than vnwcwwn
wvorkxg loves their husband while rmlfw does not, so rmlfw is not more affectionate than wvorkxg
byxm loves their husband while zemycu does not, so zemycu is not more affectionate than byxm
inllagb loves their husband while gqcf does not, so gqcf is not more affectionate than inllagb
eglpfrh loves their husband while pptebfkxun does not, so pptebfkxun is not more affectionate than eglpfrh
orqz leaves aside the question while tgduzr does not, so orqz is more uncommunicative than tgduzr
iapcsdlyjv leaves aside the question while slolfj does not, so iapcsdlyjv is more uncommunicative than slolfj
wghz leaves aside the question while dgrvod does not, so wghz is more uncommunicative than dgrvod
vrwon leaves aside the question while hjtky does not, so vrwon is more uncommunicative than hjtky
aawxtja leaves aside the question while brswcqtxiyu does not, so aawxtja is more uncommunicative than brswcqtxiyu
orqz leaves aside the question while tgduzr does not, so tgduzr is less uncommunicative than orqz
iapcsdlyjv leaves aside the question while slolfj does not, so slolfj is less uncommunicative than iapcsdlyjv
wghz leaves aside the question while dgrvod does not, so dgrvod is less uncommunicative than wghz
vrwon leaves aside the question while hjtky does not, so hjtky is less uncommunicative than vrwon
aawxtja leaves aside the question while brswcqtxiyu does not, so brswcqtxiyu is less uncommunicative than aawxtja
vijxcxy leaves aside the question while jgqakh does not, so vijxcxy is not less uncommunicative than jgqakh
bfjqs leaves aside the question while vfxinvbguey does not, so bfjqs is not less uncommunicative than vfxinvbguey
ihbhjmidy leaves aside the question while rfaflbcbn does not, so ihbhjmidy is not less uncommunicative than rfaflbcbn
vbhwufutin leaves aside the question while aelyiztqsjnr does not, so vbhwufutin is not less uncommunicative than aelyiztqsjnr
bjzqrwaaiiub leaves aside the question while ettvkn does not, so bjzqrwaaiiub is not less uncommunicative than ettvkn
jgqakh leaves aside the question while vijxcxy does not, so vijxcxy is not more uncommunicative than jgqakh
vfxinvbguey leaves aside the question while bfjqs does not, so bfjqs is not more uncommunicative than vfxinvbguey
rfaflbcbn leaves aside the question while ihbhjmidy does not, so ihbhjmidy is not more uncommunicative than rfaflbcbn
aelyiztqsjnr leaves aside the question while vbhwufutin does not, so vbhwufutin is not more uncommunicative than aelyiztqsjnr
ettvkn leaves aside the question while bjzqrwaaiiub does not, so bjzqrwaaiiub is not more uncommunicative than ettvkn
gcrliddexc works the next morning while hpadddjvvpb does not, so gcrliddexc is less responsible than hpadddjvvpb
humkzklmjw works the next morning while rfw does not, so humkzklmjw is less responsible than rfw
dhjyc works the next morning while zvvdlg does not, so dhjyc is less responsible than zvvdlg
fzfmt works the next morning while rpbqgi does not, so fzfmt is less responsible than rpbqgi
dakicfr works the next morning while fiubcvozcvbu does not, so dakicfr is less responsible than fiubcvozcvbu
gcrliddexc works the next morning while hpadddjvvpb does not, so hpadddjvvpb is less responsible than gcrliddexc
humkzklmjw works the next morning while rfw does not, so rfw is less responsible than humkzklmjw
dhjyc works the next morning while zvvdlg does not, so zvvdlg is less responsible than dhjyc
fzfmt works the next morning while rpbqgi does not, so rpbqgi is less responsible than fzfmt
dakicfr works the next morning while fiubcvozcvbu does not, so fiubcvozcvbu is less responsible than dakicfr
ruurghasykyn works the next morning while mxhefonilezf does not, so ruurghasykyn is not less responsible than mxhefonilezf
kcprv works the next morning while nwo does not, so kcprv is not less responsible than nwo
kzhulg works the next morning while ofrccirssak does not, so kzhulg is not less responsible than ofrccirssak
crie works the next morning while vqgxoyxg does not, so crie is not less responsible than vqgxoyxg
zxksvfud works the next morning while mzqhnilstb does not, so zxksvfud is not less responsible than mzqhnilstb
mxhefonilezf works the next morning while ruurghasykyn does not, so ruurghasykyn is not more responsible than mxhefonilezf
nwo works the next morning while kcprv does not, so kcprv is not more responsible than nwo
ofrccirssak works the next morning while kzhulg does not, so kzhulg is not more responsible than ofrccirssak
vqgxoyxg works the next morning while crie does not, so crie is not more responsible than vqgxoyxg
mzqhnilstb works the next morning while zxksvfud does not, so zxksvfud is not more responsible than mzqhnilstb
bscfhlulto wants to be a ballerina while nhngcmorb does not, so bscfhlulto is more artistic than nhngcmorb
aqtrmggdhln wants to be a ballerina while gypnfm does not, so aqtrmggdhln is more artistic than gypnfm
xstuzwce wants to be a ballerina while fhkksdzfkxeh does not, so xstuzwce is more artistic than fhkksdzfkxeh
igbzcujhue wants to be a ballerina while hiqpo does not, so igbzcujhue is more artistic than hiqpo
bpgz wants to be a ballerina while tyvv does not, so bpgz is more artistic than tyvv
bscfhlulto wants to be a ballerina while nhngcmorb does not, so nhngcmorb is less artistic than bscfhlulto
aqtrmggdhln wants to be a ballerina while gypnfm does not, so gypnfm is less artistic than aqtrmggdhln
xstuzwce wants to be a ballerina while fhkksdzfkxeh does not, so fhkksdzfkxeh is less artistic than xstuzwce
igbzcujhue wants to be a ballerina while hiqpo does not, so hiqpo is less artistic than igbzcujhue
bpgz wants to be a ballerina while tyvv does not, so tyvv is less artistic than bpgz
rmyhoci wants to be a ballerina while snzu does not, so rmyhoci is not less artistic than snzu
pcuoazumfabp wants to be a ballerina while tyhmqesyyoks does not, so pcuoazumfabp is not less artistic than tyhmqesyyoks
zntomun wants to be a ballerina while rdgrs does not, so zntomun is not less artistic than rdgrs
ycilumlncb wants to be a ballerina while ipqvelifxzj does not, so ycilumlncb is not less artistic than ipqvelifxzj
yhgxup wants to be a ballerina while eeezvogiti does not, so yhgxup is not less artistic than eeezvogiti
snzu wants to be a ballerina while rmyhoci does not, so rmyhoci is not more artistic than snzu
tyhmqesyyoks wants to be a ballerina while pcuoazumfabp does not, so pcuoazumfabp is not more artistic than tyhmqesyyoks
rdgrs wants to be a ballerina while zntomun does not, so zntomun is not more artistic than rdgrs
ipqvelifxzj wants to be a ballerina while ycilumlncb does not, so ycilumlncb is not more artistic than ipqvelifxzj
eeezvogiti wants to be a ballerina while yhgxup does not, so yhgxup is not more artistic than eeezvogiti
wjs is driving down the road while ckdamh is not, so wjs is more responsible than ckdamh
vydwdobib is driving down the road while mhvy is not, so vydwdobib is more responsible than mhvy
alualn is driving down the road while mdorfyaddz is not, so alualn is more responsible than mdorfyaddz
kqda is driving down the road while uycbbnaidhv is not, so kqda is more responsible than uycbbnaidhv
jqeul is driving down the road while kbslzjzmo is not, so jqeul is more responsible than kbslzjzmo
wjs is driving down the road while ckdamh is not, so ckdamh is less responsible than wjs
vydwdobib is driving down the road while mhvy is not, so mhvy is less responsible than vydwdobib
alualn is driving down the road while mdorfyaddz is not, so mdorfyaddz is less responsible than alualn
kqda is driving down the road while uycbbnaidhv is not, so uycbbnaidhv is less responsible than kqda
jqeul is driving down the road while kbslzjzmo is not, so kbslzjzmo is less responsible than jqeul
pya is driving down the road while xdohgu is not, so pya is not less responsible than xdohgu
fkhjwronklai is driving down the road while hxewujjbkw is not, so fkhjwronklai is not less responsible than hxewujjbkw
apox is driving down the road while zjdfoyllrx is not, so apox is not less responsible than zjdfoyllrx
gfoxxzfpkwh is driving down the road while kmzptkq is not, so gfoxxzfpkwh is not less responsible than kmzptkq
dalxvfkf is driving down the road while mxhwprmcjawm is not, so dalxvfkf is not less responsible than mxhwprmcjawm
xdohgu is driving down the road while pya is not, so pya is not more responsible than xdohgu
hxewujjbkw is driving down the road while fkhjwronklai is not, so fkhjwronklai is not more responsible than hxewujjbkw
zjdfoyllrx is driving down the road while apox is not, so apox is not more responsible than zjdfoyllrx
kmzptkq is driving down the road while gfoxxzfpkwh is not, so gfoxxzfpkwh is not more responsible than kmzptkq
mxhwprmcjawm is driving down the road while dalxvfkf is not, so dalxvfkf is not more responsible than mxhwprmcjawm
nntzatwer gnashes their teeth while oetljekw does not, so nntzatwer is more scared than oetljekw
gucjhtdsxi gnashes their teeth while artaeuo does not, so gucjhtdsxi is more scared than artaeuo
gyysvzzdy gnashes their teeth while cxfgwymajzgu does not, so gyysvzzdy is more scared than cxfgwymajzgu
bebtvshicsnm gnashes their teeth while frtg does not, so bebtvshicsnm is more scared than frtg
wkjnpknzfve gnashes their teeth while gobyonlim does not, so wkjnpknzfve is more scared than gobyonlim
nntzatwer gnashes their teeth while oetljekw does not, so oetljekw is less scared than nntzatwer
gucjhtdsxi gnashes their teeth while artaeuo does not, so artaeuo is less scared than gucjhtdsxi
gyysvzzdy gnashes their teeth while cxfgwymajzgu does not, so cxfgwymajzgu is less scared than gyysvzzdy
bebtvshicsnm gnashes their teeth while frtg does not, so frtg is less scared than bebtvshicsnm
wkjnpknzfve gnashes their teeth while gobyonlim does not, so gobyonlim is less scared than wkjnpknzfve
yafdawvnb gnashes their teeth while ygfjlwexje does not, so yafdawvnb is not less scared than ygfjlwexje
wpplwsaapev gnashes their teeth while kyq does not, so wpplwsaapev is not less scared than kyq
zdiuimhzqo gnashes their teeth while oekfbi does not, so zdiuimhzqo is not less scared than oekfbi
kkxakpfudddm gnashes their teeth while mxstckehxko does not, so kkxakpfudddm is not less scared than mxstckehxko
lwcnkaav gnashes their teeth while nzjwxwqcx does not, so lwcnkaav is not less scared than nzjwxwqcx
ygfjlwexje gnashes their teeth while yafdawvnb does not, so yafdawvnb is not more scared than ygfjlwexje
kyq gnashes their teeth while wpplwsaapev does not, so wpplwsaapev is not more scared than kyq
oekfbi gnashes their teeth while zdiuimhzqo does not, so zdiuimhzqo is not more scared than oekfbi
mxstckehxko gnashes their teeth while kkxakpfudddm does not, so kkxakpfudddm is not more scared than mxstckehxko
nzjwxwqcx gnashes their teeth while lwcnkaav does not, so lwcnkaav is not more scared than nzjwxwqcx
lokq says bye to another person while uvtxcjmdpg does not, so lokq is more sad than uvtxcjmdpg
nvfzotp says bye to another person while kfhcznqbhkq does not, so nvfzotp is more sad than kfhcznqbhkq
cpmclbhnmo says bye to another person while ikgxywjzx does not, so cpmclbhnmo is more sad than ikgxywjzx
zdydenywr says bye to another person while htwzwqu does not, so zdydenywr is more sad than htwzwqu
aulckmmbkpbh says bye to another person while hdusvgxfnsy does not, so aulckmmbkpbh is more sad than hdusvgxfnsy
lokq says bye to another person while uvtxcjmdpg does not, so uvtxcjmdpg is less sad than lokq
nvfzotp says bye to another person while kfhcznqbhkq does not, so kfhcznqbhkq is less sad than nvfzotp
cpmclbhnmo says bye to another person while ikgxywjzx does not, so ikgxywjzx is less sad than cpmclbhnmo
zdydenywr says bye to another person while htwzwqu does not, so htwzwqu is less sad than zdydenywr
aulckmmbkpbh says bye to another person while hdusvgxfnsy does not, so hdusvgxfnsy is less sad than aulckmmbkpbh
yjfvdshvvkx says bye to another person while xsibechkd does not, so yjfvdshvvkx is not less sad than xsibechkd
ooosrvknmo says bye to another person while fqnobodqbuzb does not, so ooosrvknmo is not less sad than fqnobodqbuzb
czyw says bye to another person while keivkteqpj does not, so czyw is not less sad than keivkteqpj
qfby says bye to another person while vdnsoh does not, so qfby is not less sad than vdnsoh
qbovhofg says bye to another person while iefc does not, so qbovhofg is not less sad than iefc
xsibechkd says bye to another person while yjfvdshvvkx does not, so yjfvdshvvkx is not more sad than xsibechkd
fqnobodqbuzb says bye to another person while ooosrvknmo does not, so ooosrvknmo is not more sad than fqnobodqbuzb
keivkteqpj says bye to another person while czyw does not, so czyw is not more sad than keivkteqpj
vdnsoh says bye to another person while qfby does not, so qfby is not more sad than vdnsoh
iefc says bye to another person while qbovhofg does not, so qbovhofg is not more sad than iefc
gfeld gives another person lessons while xsgeymjlpy does not, so gfeld is more smart than xsgeymjlpy
omlo gives another person lessons while jibre does not, so omlo is more smart than jibre
lysn gives another person lessons while xia does not, so lysn is more smart than xia
meutiefwm gives another person lessons while pjpyl does not, so meutiefwm is more smart than pjpyl
qhatrqiyb gives another person lessons while socyujsexhd does not, so qhatrqiyb is more smart than socyujsexhd
gfeld gives another person lessons while xsgeymjlpy does not, so xsgeymjlpy is less smart than gfeld
omlo gives another person lessons while jibre does not, so jibre is less smart than omlo
lysn gives another person lessons while xia does not, so xia is less smart than lysn
meutiefwm gives another person lessons while pjpyl does not, so pjpyl is less smart than meutiefwm
qhatrqiyb gives another person lessons while socyujsexhd does not, so socyujsexhd is less smart than qhatrqiyb
qdhh gives another person lessons while wwforliojfw does not, so qdhh is not less smart than wwforliojfw
dylva gives another person lessons while ooj does not, so dylva is not less smart than ooj
eeacaprfvo gives another person lessons while wcrdvwflf does not, so eeacaprfvo is not less smart than wcrdvwflf
mblzr gives another person lessons while ssabiq does not, so mblzr is not less smart than ssabiq
obnzciblk gives another person lessons while qljfvq does not, so obnzciblk is not less smart than qljfvq
wwforliojfw gives another person lessons while qdhh does not, so qdhh is not more smart than wwforliojfw
ooj gives another person lessons while dylva does not, so dylva is not more smart than ooj
wcrdvwflf gives another person lessons while eeacaprfvo does not, so eeacaprfvo is not more smart than wcrdvwflf
ssabiq gives another person lessons while mblzr does not, so mblzr is not more smart than ssabiq
qljfvq gives another person lessons while obnzciblk does not, so obnzciblk is not more smart than qljfvq
xtdxncdqo wins a medal while futbpxrfn does not, so xtdxncdqo is more competitive than futbpxrfn
qtrqnokhwpbz wins a medal while azygyex does not, so qtrqnokhwpbz is more competitive than azygyex
cqang wins a medal while jbtn does not, so cqang is more competitive than jbtn
jidtvgum wins a medal while egmisx does not, so jidtvgum is more competitive than egmisx
ftwgntemhrut wins a medal while jzwdp does not, so ftwgntemhrut is more competitive than jzwdp
xtdxncdqo wins a medal while futbpxrfn does not, so futbpxrfn is less competitive than xtdxncdqo
qtrqnokhwpbz wins a medal while azygyex does not, so azygyex is less competitive than qtrqnokhwpbz
cqang wins a medal while jbtn does not, so jbtn is less competitive than cqang
jidtvgum wins a medal while egmisx does not, so egmisx is less competitive than jidtvgum
ftwgntemhrut wins a medal while jzwdp does not, so jzwdp is less competitive than ftwgntemhrut
pkuatcvymrk wins a medal while lyhfzlexn does not, so pkuatcvymrk is not more competitive than lyhfzlexn
zuno wins a medal while eabw does not, so zuno is not more competitive than eabw
qzlykogfls wins a medal while pqs does not, so qzlykogfls is not more competitive than pqs
pjgh wins a medal while rjannciy does not, so pjgh is not more competitive than rjannciy
qhzljouenk wins a medal while mqffdiupgkq does not, so qhzljouenk is not more competitive than mqffdiupgkq
lyhfzlexn wins a medal while pkuatcvymrk does not, so pkuatcvymrk is not more competitive than lyhfzlexn
eabw wins a medal while zuno does not, so zuno is not more competitive than eabw
pqs wins a medal while qzlykogfls does not, so qzlykogfls is not more competitive than pqs
rjannciy wins a medal while pjgh does not, so pjgh is not more competitive than rjannciy
mqffdiupgkq wins a medal while qhzljouenk does not, so qhzljouenk is not more competitive than mqffdiupgkq
efzd says would send money while jvmab does not, so efzd is more caring than jvmab
zmmwunebjbcx says would send money while ghnzzcckrh does not, so zmmwunebjbcx is more caring than ghnzzcckrh
kkx says would send money while wcxgz does not, so kkx is more caring than wcxgz
npqku says would send money while ytxdvl does not, so npqku is more caring than ytxdvl
aetmlfwsjjfw says would send money while mxashfpyq does not, so aetmlfwsjjfw is more caring than mxashfpyq
efzd says would send money while jvmab does not, so jvmab is less caring than efzd
zmmwunebjbcx says would send money while ghnzzcckrh does not, so ghnzzcckrh is less caring than zmmwunebjbcx
kkx says would send money while wcxgz does not, so wcxgz is less caring than kkx
npqku says would send money while ytxdvl does not, so ytxdvl is less caring than npqku
aetmlfwsjjfw says would send money while mxashfpyq does not, so mxashfpyq is less caring than aetmlfwsjjfw
pvrksqpxn says would send mail while hxid does not, so pvrksqpxn is not less caring than hxid
uvxdef says would send mail while fckqlvu does not, so uvxdef is not less caring than fckqlvu
jdyyjcn says would send mail while qhvbmppoqkl does not, so jdyyjcn is not less caring than qhvbmppoqkl
oqzljw says would send mail while igfvfgydr does not, so oqzljw is not less caring than igfvfgydr
bocqnrbgz says would send mail while lyfgmos does not, so bocqnrbgz is not less caring than lyfgmos
hxid says would send mail while pvrksqpxn does not, so pvrksqpxn is not more caring than hxid
fckqlvu says would send mail while uvxdef does not, so uvxdef is not more caring than fckqlvu
qhvbmppoqkl says would send mail while jdyyjcn does not, so jdyyjcn is not more caring than qhvbmppoqkl
igfvfgydr says would send mail while oqzljw does not, so oqzljw is not more caring than igfvfgydr
lyfgmos says would send mail while bocqnrbgz does not, so bocqnrbgz is not more caring than lyfgmos
xkyyd learns spanish while waet does not, so xkyyd is more curious than waet
etcbaqnsabgn learns spanish while iskq does not, so etcbaqnsabgn is more curious than iskq
rahi learns spanish while vpi does not, so rahi is more curious than vpi
ukxxgkfu learns spanish while ezfpfzocid does not, so ukxxgkfu is more curious than ezfpfzocid
heubu learns spanish while ehlnlssx does not, so heubu is more curious than ehlnlssx
xkyyd learns spanish while waet does not, so waet is less curious than xkyyd
etcbaqnsabgn learns spanish while iskq does not, so iskq is less curious than etcbaqnsabgn
rahi learns spanish while vpi does not, so vpi is less curious than rahi
ukxxgkfu learns spanish while ezfpfzocid does not, so ezfpfzocid is less curious than ukxxgkfu
heubu learns spanish while ehlnlssx does not, so ehlnlssx is less curious than heubu
mrtvhprl learns spanish while afjrofwlhjp does not, so mrtvhprl is not less curious than afjrofwlhjp
cgnjngllm learns spanish while fmi does not, so cgnjngllm is not less curious than fmi
znjh learns spanish while sgl does not, so znjh is not less curious than sgl
mejcdioeoyc learns spanish while yhnqxvdrh does not, so mejcdioeoyc is not less curious than yhnqxvdrh
zsvc learns spanish while pczksx does not, so zsvc is not less curious than pczksx
afjrofwlhjp learns spanish while mrtvhprl does not, so mrtvhprl is not more curious than afjrofwlhjp
fmi learns spanish while cgnjngllm does not, so cgnjngllm is not more curious than fmi
sgl learns spanish while znjh does not, so znjh is not more curious than sgl
yhnqxvdrh learns spanish while mejcdioeoyc does not, so mejcdioeoyc is not more curious than yhnqxvdrh
pczksx learns spanish while zsvc does not, so zsvc is not more curious than pczksx
wqdfb sets another person right while vavxdxcy does not, so wqdfb is more motivated than vavxdxcy
ovz sets another person right while gkha does not, so ovz is more motivated than gkha
vyeeonox sets another person right while rqfvgnyhntbl does not, so vyeeonox is more motivated than rqfvgnyhntbl
hssrccm sets another person right while eemv does not, so hssrccm is more motivated than eemv
ixti sets another person right while fvzvnywzlatq does not, so ixti is more motivated than fvzvnywzlatq
wqdfb sets another person right while vavxdxcy does not, so vavxdxcy is less motivated than wqdfb
ovz sets another person right while gkha does not, so gkha is less motivated than ovz
vyeeonox sets another person right while rqfvgnyhntbl does not, so rqfvgnyhntbl is less motivated than vyeeonox
hssrccm sets another person right while eemv does not, so eemv is less motivated than hssrccm
ixti sets another person right while fvzvnywzlatq does not, so fvzvnywzlatq is less motivated than ixti
beuri sets another person right while sytl does not, so beuri is not less motivated than sytl
vzyfpgxpxef sets another person right while uteaiem does not, so vzyfpgxpxef is not less motivated than uteaiem
gdmmtoukh sets another person right while hkbnsexbpb does not, so gdmmtoukh is not less motivated than hkbnsexbpb
pesce sets another person right while sndjhmch does not, so pesce is not less motivated than sndjhmch
gbqqgfsynmj sets another person right while jznmesajdah does not, so gbqqgfsynmj is not less motivated than jznmesajdah
sytl sets another person right while beuri does not, so beuri is not more motivated than sytl
uteaiem sets another person right while vzyfpgxpxef does not, so vzyfpgxpxef is not more motivated than uteaiem
hkbnsexbpb sets another person right while gdmmtoukh does not, so gdmmtoukh is not more motivated than hkbnsexbpb
sndjhmch sets another person right while pesce does not, so pesce is not more motivated than sndjhmch
jznmesajdah sets another person right while gbqqgfsynmj does not, so gbqqgfsynmj is not more motivated than jznmesajdah
trbfcq sees a man about a dog while jpbwtwnpt does not, so trbfcq is more engaged than jpbwtwnpt
gbwii sees a man about a dog while dhgi does not, so gbwii is more engaged than dhgi
roau sees a man about a dog while vliwme does not, so roau is more engaged than vliwme
obmmdyh sees a man about a dog while koivhpci does not, so obmmdyh is more engaged than koivhpci
rsugyybjmz sees a man about a dog while wrrtwpl does not, so rsugyybjmz is more engaged than wrrtwpl
trbfcq sees a man about a dog while jpbwtwnpt does not, so jpbwtwnpt is less engaged than trbfcq
gbwii sees a man about a dog while dhgi does not, so dhgi is less engaged than gbwii
roau sees a man about a dog while vliwme does not, so vliwme is less engaged than roau
obmmdyh sees a man about a dog while koivhpci does not, so koivhpci is less engaged than obmmdyh
rsugyybjmz sees a man about a dog while wrrtwpl does not, so wrrtwpl is less engaged than rsugyybjmz
mjrxvpm sees a man about a dog while mffx does not, so mjrxvpm is not less engaged than mffx
nvkqdagk sees a man about a dog while rerljccq does not, so nvkqdagk is not less engaged than rerljccq
wzpkgnwuzad sees a man about a dog while hniisrxju does not, so wzpkgnwuzad is not less engaged than hniisrxju
iyol sees a man about a dog while pbwguygexef does not, so iyol is not less engaged than pbwguygexef
uwtc sees a man about a dog while ykxexsbj does not, so uwtc is not less engaged than ykxexsbj
mffx sees a man about a dog while mjrxvpm does not, so mjrxvpm is not more engaged than mffx
rerljccq sees a man about a dog while nvkqdagk does not, so nvkqdagk is not more engaged than rerljccq
hniisrxju sees a man about a dog while wzpkgnwuzad does not, so wzpkgnwuzad is not more engaged than hniisrxju
pbwguygexef sees a man about a dog while iyol does not, so iyol is not more engaged than pbwguygexef
ykxexsbj sees a man about a dog while uwtc does not, so uwtc is not more engaged than ykxexsbj
anyhhzx admires another person's work while wuctkrnslzdz does not, so anyhhzx is more admirier than wuctkrnslzdz
ofqjdkvjil admires another person's work while tuvvmlv does not, so ofqjdkvjil is more admirier than tuvvmlv
oybheip admires another person's work while ijonmrwt does not, so oybheip is more admirier than ijonmrwt
hsv admires another person's work while fvtpoqrn does not, so hsv is more admirier than fvtpoqrn
ltsnwxlh admires another person's work while nxzvj does not, so ltsnwxlh is more admirier than nxzvj
anyhhzx admires another person's work while wuctkrnslzdz does not, so wuctkrnslzdz is less admirier than anyhhzx
ofqjdkvjil admires another person's work while tuvvmlv does not, so tuvvmlv is less admirier than ofqjdkvjil
oybheip admires another person's work while ijonmrwt does not, so ijonmrwt is less admirier than oybheip
hsv admires another person's work while fvtpoqrn does not, so fvtpoqrn is less admirier than hsv
ltsnwxlh admires another person's work while nxzvj does not, so nxzvj is less admirier than ltsnwxlh
eezmzzpr admires another person's work while mzobttssv does not, so eezmzzpr is not more admirier than mzobttssv
accz admires another person's work while lji does not, so accz is not more admirier than lji
bozko admires another person's work while gjmxgvve does not, so bozko is not more admirier than gjmxgvve
ficypfsxv admires another person's work while qwpvkn does not, so ficypfsxv is not more admirier than qwpvkn
xntuvmptquhi admires another person's work while wxqyrbgru does not, so xntuvmptquhi is not more admirier than wxqyrbgru
mzobttssv admires another person's work more than eezmzzpr, so eezmzzpr is not more admirier than mzobttssv
lji admires another person's work more than accz, so accz is not more admirier than lji
gjmxgvve admires another person's work more than bozko, so bozko is not more admirier than gjmxgvve
qwpvkn admires another person's work more than ficypfsxv, so ficypfsxv is not more admirier than qwpvkn
wxqyrbgru admires another person's work more than xntuvmptquhi, so xntuvmptquhi is not more admirier than wxqyrbgru
jheliaytu realizes their mistake while raumks does not, so jheliaytu is less embarrassed than raumks
szudrsfa realizes their mistake while jffyndwz does not, so szudrsfa is less embarrassed than jffyndwz
dtfsvslbb realizes their mistake while wxbrzkauvpn does not, so dtfsvslbb is less embarrassed than wxbrzkauvpn
vwgk realizes their mistake while wmpnrefa does not, so vwgk is less embarrassed than wmpnrefa
fburts realizes their mistake while nvmmreyzv does not, so fburts is less embarrassed than nvmmreyzv
jheliaytu realizes their mistake while raumks does not, so raumks is less embarrassed than jheliaytu
szudrsfa realizes their mistake while jffyndwz does not, so jffyndwz is less embarrassed than szudrsfa
dtfsvslbb realizes their mistake while wxbrzkauvpn does not, so wxbrzkauvpn is less embarrassed than dtfsvslbb
vwgk realizes their mistake while wmpnrefa does not, so wmpnrefa is less embarrassed than vwgk
fburts realizes their mistake while nvmmreyzv does not, so nvmmreyzv is less embarrassed than fburts
npiibjpeckbo realizes their mistake while hdkvboeweos does not, so npiibjpeckbo is not less embarrassed than hdkvboeweos
zsozyofvidks realizes their mistake while gjrqpjxgefto does not, so zsozyofvidks is not less embarrassed than gjrqpjxgefto
txwkvrswr realizes their mistake while hqkmhyzw does not, so txwkvrswr is not less embarrassed than hqkmhyzw
juw realizes their mistake while wmfdzub does not, so juw is not less embarrassed than wmfdzub
mchhdtkrfyb realizes their mistake while otdju does not, so mchhdtkrfyb is not less embarrassed than otdju
hdkvboeweos realizes their mistake while npiibjpeckbo does not, so npiibjpeckbo is not more embarrassed than hdkvboeweos
gjrqpjxgefto realizes their mistake while zsozyofvidks does not, so zsozyofvidks is not more embarrassed than gjrqpjxgefto
hqkmhyzw realizes their mistake while txwkvrswr does not, so txwkvrswr is not more embarrassed than hqkmhyzw
wmfdzub realizes their mistake while juw does not, so juw is not more embarrassed than wmfdzub
otdju realizes their mistake while mchhdtkrfyb does not, so mchhdtkrfyb is not more embarrassed than otdju
rgppzdl tells their sister while amfl does not, so rgppzdl is less talkative than amfl
mfzhhc tells their sister while pva does not, so mfzhhc is less talkative than pva
qlpitqyqzzd tells their sister while cpmrxpr does not, so qlpitqyqzzd is less talkative than cpmrxpr
har tells their sister while qscd does not, so har is less talkative than qscd
bqeqrlsdc tells their sister while cadzv does not, so bqeqrlsdc is less talkative than cadzv
rgppzdl tells their sister while amfl does not, so amfl is less talkative than rgppzdl
mfzhhc tells their sister while pva does not, so pva is less talkative than mfzhhc
qlpitqyqzzd tells their sister while cpmrxpr does not, so cpmrxpr is less talkative than qlpitqyqzzd
har tells their sister while qscd does not, so qscd is less talkative than har
bqeqrlsdc tells their sister while cadzv does not, so cadzv is less talkative than bqeqrlsdc
gggoo tells their sister while cenrzugy does not, so gggoo is not less talkative than cenrzugy
drej tells their sister while ylnpvsvxww does not, so drej is not less talkative than ylnpvsvxww
vskvtqaellbp tells their sister while otcamfuzv does not, so vskvtqaellbp is not less talkative than otcamfuzv
ohxuzbfxos tells their sister while gruny does not, so ohxuzbfxos is not less talkative than gruny
ghygoosh tells their sister while hpoa does not, so ghygoosh is not less talkative than hpoa
cenrzugy tells their sister while gggoo does not, so gggoo is not more talkative than cenrzugy
ylnpvsvxww tells their sister while drej does not, so drej is not more talkative than ylnpvsvxww
otcamfuzv tells their sister while vskvtqaellbp does not, so vskvtqaellbp is not more talkative than otcamfuzv
gruny tells their sister while ohxuzbfxos does not, so ohxuzbfxos is not more talkative than gruny
hpoa tells their sister while ghygoosh does not, so ghygoosh is not more talkative than hpoa
ddmlbqqx starts dating while krwgzxnhfo does not, so ddmlbqqx is more hopeful than krwgzxnhfo
qyoud starts dating while ekoqm does not, so qyoud is more hopeful than ekoqm
cnsf starts dating while ecanyl does not, so cnsf is more hopeful than ecanyl
arq starts dating while cwaeiqehq does not, so arq is more hopeful than cwaeiqehq
lohx starts dating while gxmymyzc does not, so lohx is more hopeful than gxmymyzc
ddmlbqqx starts dating while krwgzxnhfo does not, so krwgzxnhfo is less hopeful than ddmlbqqx
qyoud starts dating while ekoqm does not, so ekoqm is less hopeful than qyoud
cnsf starts dating while ecanyl does not, so ecanyl is less hopeful than cnsf
arq starts dating while cwaeiqehq does not, so cwaeiqehq is less hopeful than arq
lohx starts dating while gxmymyzc does not, so gxmymyzc is less hopeful than lohx
jtnqfw starts dating while bwydvcc does not, so jtnqfw is not less hopeful than bwydvcc
ewxwf starts dating while hljwry does not, so ewxwf is not less hopeful than hljwry
fqugotsu starts dating while vqsdvwho does not, so fqugotsu is not less hopeful than vqsdvwho
yliqoegox starts dating while jiarxyczx does not, so yliqoegox is not less hopeful than jiarxyczx
thp starts dating while mcrcoutvhk does not, so thp is not less hopeful than mcrcoutvhk
bwydvcc starts dating while jtnqfw does not, so jtnqfw is not more hopeful than bwydvcc
hljwry starts dating while ewxwf does not, so ewxwf is not more hopeful than hljwry
vqsdvwho starts dating while fqugotsu does not, so fqugotsu is not more hopeful than vqsdvwho
jiarxyczx starts dating while yliqoegox does not, so yliqoegox is not more hopeful than jiarxyczx
mcrcoutvhk starts dating while thp does not, so thp is not more hopeful than mcrcoutvhk
marha tests the waters while aipcap does not, so marha is more apprehensive than aipcap
ifwzoqjhuljw tests the waters while nchzc does not, so ifwzoqjhuljw is more apprehensive than nchzc
yvl tests the waters while vvowe does not, so yvl is more apprehensive than vvowe
syykjm tests the waters while drubjuqq does not, so syykjm is more apprehensive than drubjuqq
mvosic tests the waters while oicwhrpchlq does not, so mvosic is more apprehensive than oicwhrpchlq
marha tests the waters while aipcap does not, so aipcap is less apprehensive than marha
ifwzoqjhuljw tests the waters while nchzc does not, so nchzc is less apprehensive than ifwzoqjhuljw
yvl tests the waters while vvowe does not, so vvowe is less apprehensive than yvl
syykjm tests the waters while drubjuqq does not, so drubjuqq is less apprehensive than syykjm
mvosic tests the waters while oicwhrpchlq does not, so oicwhrpchlq is less apprehensive than mvosic
gduvtroc tests the waters while hwzhtlx does not, so gduvtroc is not less apprehensive than hwzhtlx
ejioyqh tests the waters while oflmyjihn does not, so ejioyqh is not less apprehensive than oflmyjihn
hezwahtqcg tests the waters while kbn does not, so hezwahtqcg is not less apprehensive than kbn
zzvy tests the waters while mry does not, so zzvy is not less apprehensive than mry
lnrnfzb tests the waters while ibu does not, so lnrnfzb is not less apprehensive than ibu
hwzhtlx tests the waters while gduvtroc does not, so gduvtroc is not more apprehensive than hwzhtlx
oflmyjihn tests the waters while ejioyqh does not, so ejioyqh is not more apprehensive than oflmyjihn
kbn tests the waters while hezwahtqcg does not, so hezwahtqcg is not more apprehensive than kbn
mry tests the waters while zzvy does not, so zzvy is not more apprehensive than mry
ibu tests the waters while lnrnfzb does not, so lnrnfzb is not more apprehensive than ibu
zbxdge lands a new job while qru does not, so zbxdge is more responsible than qru
qvccxf lands a new job while wzbaoc does not, so qvccxf is more responsible than wzbaoc
wzhvdsswr lands a new job while axvbzyac does not, so wzhvdsswr is more responsible than axvbzyac
mhequqkss lands a new job while eqjmwiwnuyg does not, so mhequqkss is more responsible than eqjmwiwnuyg
tekcnoxmkhh lands a new job while wnydafgrclu does not, so tekcnoxmkhh is more responsible than wnydafgrclu
zbxdge lands a new job while qru does not, so qru is less responsible than zbxdge
qvccxf lands a new job while wzbaoc does not, so wzbaoc is less responsible than qvccxf
wzhvdsswr lands a new job while axvbzyac does not, so axvbzyac is less responsible than wzhvdsswr
mhequqkss lands a new job while eqjmwiwnuyg does not, so eqjmwiwnuyg is less responsible than mhequqkss
tekcnoxmkhh lands a new job while wnydafgrclu does not, so wnydafgrclu is less responsible than tekcnoxmkhh
diqbxqlca lands a new job while lvwzls does not, so diqbxqlca is not less responsible than lvwzls
ktd lands a new job while muk does not, so ktd is not less responsible than muk
bsufqnevw lands a new job while jfblajfcfytt does not, so bsufqnevw is not less responsible than jfblajfcfytt
izqxue lands a new job while ekcfoiqk does not, so izqxue is not less responsible than ekcfoiqk
wuqtibwaczfg lands a new job while hxcghhe does not, so wuqtibwaczfg is not less responsible than hxcghhe
lvwzls lands a new job while diqbxqlca does not, so diqbxqlca is not more responsible than lvwzls
muk lands a new job while ktd does not, so ktd is not more responsible than muk
jfblajfcfytt lands a new job while bsufqnevw does not, so bsufqnevw is not more responsible than jfblajfcfytt
ekcfoiqk lands a new job while izqxue does not, so izqxue is not more responsible than ekcfoiqk
hxcghhe lands a new job while wuqtibwaczfg does not, so wuqtibwaczfg is not more responsible than hxcghhe
iborrt is driving their car while sxgetmakvx is not, so iborrt is more frenzied than sxgetmakvx
nuzhorweeb is driving their car while ieuonf is not, so nuzhorweeb is more frenzied than ieuonf
krigfazlcmh is driving their car while swukaxibgfrg is not, so krigfazlcmh is more frenzied than swukaxibgfrg
fxh is driving their car while hxplmlkf is not, so fxh is more frenzied than hxplmlkf
xaydns is driving their car while ffbwh is not, so xaydns is more frenzied than ffbwh
iborrt is driving their car while sxgetmakvx is not, so sxgetmakvx is less frenzied than iborrt
nuzhorweeb is driving their car while ieuonf is not, so ieuonf is less frenzied than nuzhorweeb
krigfazlcmh is driving their car while swukaxibgfrg is not, so swukaxibgfrg is less frenzied than krigfazlcmh
fxh is driving their car while hxplmlkf is not, so hxplmlkf is less frenzied than fxh
xaydns is driving their car while ffbwh is not, so ffbwh is less frenzied than xaydns
yiejpsrfwp is driving their car while hju is not, so yiejpsrfwp is not less frenzied than hju
agbdoa is driving their car while cmejellpjzhv is not, so agbdoa is not less frenzied than cmejellpjzhv
hugresjtrqqq is driving their car while qtn is not, so hugresjtrqqq is not less frenzied than qtn
qukzp is driving their car while ppj is not, so qukzp is not less frenzied than ppj
lfp is driving their car while zzelzjyhzld is not, so lfp is not less frenzied than zzelzjyhzld
hju is driving their car while yiejpsrfwp is not, so yiejpsrfwp is not more frenzied than hju
cmejellpjzhv is driving their car while agbdoa is not, so agbdoa is not more frenzied than cmejellpjzhv
qtn is driving their car while hugresjtrqqq is not, so hugresjtrqqq is not more frenzied than qtn
ppj is driving their car while qukzp is not, so qukzp is not more frenzied than ppj
zzelzjyhzld is driving their car while lfp is not, so lfp is not more frenzied than zzelzjyhzld
larfly has a bad cough while lwxwbfbaw does not, so larfly is more sick than lwxwbfbaw
pqiwnwgin has a bad cough while itehu does not, so pqiwnwgin is more sick than itehu
zml has a bad cough while vecrduy does not, so zml is more sick than vecrduy
weklzm has a bad cough while uusulofogf does not, so weklzm is more sick than uusulofogf
rbrxkf has a bad cough while zrdvomuighja does not, so rbrxkf is more sick than zrdvomuighja
larfly has a bad cough while lwxwbfbaw does not, so lwxwbfbaw is less sick than larfly
pqiwnwgin has a bad cough while itehu does not, so itehu is less sick than pqiwnwgin
zml has a bad cough while vecrduy does not, so vecrduy is less sick than zml
weklzm has a bad cough while uusulofogf does not, so uusulofogf is less sick than weklzm
rbrxkf has a bad cough while zrdvomuighja does not, so zrdvomuighja is less sick than rbrxkf
ajbmaywsqc has a bad cough while jlgduwreqp does not, so ajbmaywsqc is not less sick than jlgduwreqp
vqypwq has a bad cough while jowhnycnp does not, so vqypwq is not less sick than jowhnycnp
vzejskcadb has a bad cough while bptx does not, so vzejskcadb is not less sick than bptx
tnw has a bad cough while epdhpzowk does not, so tnw is not less sick than epdhpzowk
vylj has a bad cough while gqcy does not, so vylj is not less sick than gqcy
jlgduwreqp has a bad cough while ajbmaywsqc does not, so ajbmaywsqc is not more sick than jlgduwreqp
jowhnycnp has a bad cough while vqypwq does not, so vqypwq is not more sick than jowhnycnp
bptx has a bad cough while vzejskcadb does not, so vzejskcadb is not more sick than bptx
epdhpzowk has a bad cough while tnw does not, so tnw is not more sick than epdhpzowk
gqcy has a bad cough while vylj does not, so vylj is not more sick than gqcy
hhbdxrcyh uses their noggin while lwslmbqju does not, so hhbdxrcyh is more thoughtful than lwslmbqju
euhfwwk uses their noggin while iwzv does not, so euhfwwk is more thoughtful than iwzv
mkwfhu uses their noggin while mdh does not, so mkwfhu is more thoughtful than mdh
xjeqsetv uses their noggin while qleqcrt does not, so xjeqsetv is more thoughtful than qleqcrt
jbljk uses their noggin while okbpcjrolxgq does not, so jbljk is more thoughtful than okbpcjrolxgq
hhbdxrcyh uses their noggin while lwslmbqju does not, so lwslmbqju is less thoughtful than hhbdxrcyh
euhfwwk uses their noggin while iwzv does not, so iwzv is less thoughtful than euhfwwk
mkwfhu uses their noggin while mdh does not, so mdh is less thoughtful than mkwfhu
xjeqsetv uses their noggin while qleqcrt does not, so qleqcrt is less thoughtful than xjeqsetv
jbljk uses their noggin while okbpcjrolxgq does not, so okbpcjrolxgq is less thoughtful than jbljk
bbaotzavs uses their noggin while gxkpzk does not, so bbaotzavs is not less thoughtful than gxkpzk
mwlnzdaboer uses their noggin while fivljtizc does not, so mwlnzdaboer is not less thoughtful than fivljtizc
gdngu uses their noggin while ymd does not, so gdngu is not less thoughtful than ymd
nzc uses their noggin while aiatcctigsp does not, so nzc is not less thoughtful than aiatcctigsp
zyalan uses their noggin while rpdbgawz does not, so zyalan is not less thoughtful than rpdbgawz
gxkpzk uses their noggin more than bbaotzavs, so bbaotzavs is not more thoughtful than gxkpzk
fivljtizc uses their noggin more than mwlnzdaboer, so mwlnzdaboer is not more thoughtful than fivljtizc
ymd uses their noggin more than gdngu, so gdngu is not more thoughtful than ymd
aiatcctigsp uses their noggin more than nzc, so nzc is not more thoughtful than aiatcctigsp
rpdbgawz uses their noggin more than zyalan, so zyalan is not more thoughtful than rpdbgawz
iviqdxcmnov gets a black eye while tnvzyqony does not, so iviqdxcmnov is more different than tnvzyqony
rwmdd gets a black eye while yll does not, so rwmdd is more different than yll
exllynbgh gets a black eye while kshwzqybjpkm does not, so exllynbgh is more different than kshwzqybjpkm
aqbsoy gets a black eye while dhtu does not, so aqbsoy is more different than dhtu
jtkjnh gets a black eye while atbp does not, so jtkjnh is more different than atbp
iviqdxcmnov gets a black eye while tnvzyqony does not, so tnvzyqony is less different than iviqdxcmnov
rwmdd gets a black eye while yll does not, so yll is less different than rwmdd
exllynbgh gets a black eye while kshwzqybjpkm does not, so kshwzqybjpkm is less different than exllynbgh
aqbsoy gets a black eye while dhtu does not, so dhtu is less different than aqbsoy
jtkjnh gets a black eye while atbp does not, so atbp is less different than jtkjnh
cab gets a black eye while fyxjxtdc does not, so cab is not less different than fyxjxtdc
xexrps gets a black eye while qjvtvbx does not, so xexrps is not less different than qjvtvbx
osfteblqmk gets a black eye while xpewtm does not, so osfteblqmk is not less different than xpewtm
igsllkwtw gets a black eye while sdv does not, so igsllkwtw is not less different than sdv
jxqigzsvhqcs gets a black eye while sngxnlogbjbw does not, so jxqigzsvhqcs is not less different than sngxnlogbjbw
fyxjxtdc gets a black eye while cab does not, so cab is not more different than fyxjxtdc
qjvtvbx gets a black eye while xexrps does not, so xexrps is not more different than qjvtvbx
xpewtm gets a black eye while osfteblqmk does not, so osfteblqmk is not more different than xpewtm
sdv gets a black eye while igsllkwtw does not, so igsllkwtw is not more different than sdv
sngxnlogbjbw gets a black eye while jxqigzsvhqcs does not, so jxqigzsvhqcs is not more different than sngxnlogbjbw
phcrmhsctmnc loves candy while ghplqls does not, so phcrmhsctmnc is more agreeable than ghplqls
yznpegeqwn loves candy while phei does not, so yznpegeqwn is more agreeable than phei
qbzviyobims loves candy while czzgiaawyom does not, so qbzviyobims is more agreeable than czzgiaawyom
uwz loves candy while dgzoquokpzw does not, so uwz is more agreeable than dgzoquokpzw
uhayfwowep loves candy while ndonie does not, so uhayfwowep is more agreeable than ndonie
phcrmhsctmnc loves candy while ghplqls does not, so ghplqls is less agreeable than phcrmhsctmnc
yznpegeqwn loves candy while phei does not, so phei is less agreeable than yznpegeqwn
qbzviyobims loves candy while czzgiaawyom does not, so czzgiaawyom is less agreeable than qbzviyobims
uwz loves candy while dgzoquokpzw does not, so dgzoquokpzw is less agreeable than uwz
uhayfwowep loves candy while ndonie does not, so ndonie is less agreeable than uhayfwowep
qkitqqcvlxi loves candy while pdhoyzduleku does not, so qkitqqcvlxi is not less agreeable than pdhoyzduleku
qshua loves candy while fzvfnpev does not, so qshua is not less agreeable than fzvfnpev
zdsaufqtaro loves candy while mvdc does not, so zdsaufqtaro is not less agreeable than mvdc
daix loves candy while madalnghpxy does not, so daix is not less agreeable than madalnghpxy
gxfgorhqvwur loves candy while cvdrnezzoimr does not, so gxfgorhqvwur is not less agreeable than cvdrnezzoimr
pdhoyzduleku loves candy while qkitqqcvlxi does not, so qkitqqcvlxi is not more agreeable than pdhoyzduleku
fzvfnpev loves candy while qshua does not, so qshua is not more agreeable than fzvfnpev
mvdc loves candy while zdsaufqtaro does not, so zdsaufqtaro is not more agreeable than mvdc
madalnghpxy loves candy while daix does not, so daix is not more agreeable than madalnghpxy
cvdrnezzoimr loves candy while gxfgorhqvwur does not, so gxfgorhqvwur is not more agreeable than cvdrnezzoimr
rerrm visits another person's grandmother while nwfnzk does not, so rerrm is more sociable than nwfnzk
nue visits another person's grandmother while vepls does not, so nue is more sociable than vepls
craz visits another person's grandmother while eya does not, so craz is more sociable than eya
jwccahgl visits another person's grandmother while hzvvv does not, so jwccahgl is more sociable than hzvvv
anuom visits another person's grandmother while tgkopi does not, so anuom is more sociable than tgkopi
rerrm visits another person's grandmother while nwfnzk does not, so nwfnzk is less sociable than rerrm
nue visits another person's grandmother while vepls does not, so vepls is less sociable than nue
craz visits another person's grandmother while eya does not, so eya is less sociable than craz
jwccahgl visits another person's grandmother while hzvvv does not, so hzvvv is less sociable than jwccahgl
anuom visits another person's grandmother while tgkopi does not, so tgkopi is less sociable than anuom
ljtt visits another person's grandmother while wdivbpsjo does not, so ljtt is not less sociable than wdivbpsjo
rdxxmonn visits another person's grandmother while dfephrz does not, so rdxxmonn is not less sociable than dfephrz
bymz visits another person's grandmother while cylfkflvbv does not, so bymz is not less sociable than cylfkflvbv
vph visits another person's grandmother while keoaaoks does not, so vph is not less sociable than keoaaoks
behwdyfkszwk visits another person's grandmother while qmeemepuo does not, so behwdyfkszwk is not less sociable than qmeemepuo
wdivbpsjo visits another person's grandmother while ljtt does not, so ljtt is not more sociable than wdivbpsjo
dfephrz visits another person's grandmother while rdxxmonn does not, so rdxxmonn is not more sociable than dfephrz
cylfkflvbv visits another person's grandmother while bymz does not, so bymz is not more sociable than cylfkflvbv
keoaaoks visits another person's grandmother while vph does not, so vph is not more sociable than keoaaoks
qmeemepuo visits another person's grandmother while behwdyfkszwk does not, so behwdyfkszwk is not more sociable than qmeemepuo
hbnnodvjxu hires someone while wgnaxwurxdp does not, so hbnnodvjxu is more commanding than wgnaxwurxdp
lgqnuouyel hires someone while mely does not, so lgqnuouyel is more commanding than mely
umbtvhfcutjb hires someone while qfmvxcdil does not, so umbtvhfcutjb is more commanding than qfmvxcdil
tirox hires someone while qzjt does not, so tirox is more commanding than qzjt
gdt hires someone while dla does not, so gdt is more commanding than dla
hbnnodvjxu hires someone while wgnaxwurxdp does not, so wgnaxwurxdp is less commanding than hbnnodvjxu
lgqnuouyel hires someone while mely does not, so mely is less commanding than lgqnuouyel
umbtvhfcutjb hires someone while qfmvxcdil does not, so qfmvxcdil is less commanding than umbtvhfcutjb
tirox hires someone while qzjt does not, so qzjt is less commanding than tirox
gdt hires someone while dla does not, so dla is less commanding than gdt
eguaxwtzq hires someone while cjkec does not, so eguaxwtzq is not less commanding than cjkec
cpoqiqobcupy hires someone while gxrcasavgbc does not, so cpoqiqobcupy is not less commanding than gxrcasavgbc
tad hires someone while dcvnucsevxjg does not, so tad is not less commanding than dcvnucsevxjg
dhqp hires someone while iosi does not, so dhqp is not less commanding than iosi
glthryqsby hires someone while nfizcsuied does not, so glthryqsby is not less commanding than nfizcsuied
cjkec hires someone while eguaxwtzq does not, so eguaxwtzq is not more commanding than cjkec
gxrcasavgbc hires someone while cpoqiqobcupy does not, so cpoqiqobcupy is not more commanding than gxrcasavgbc
dcvnucsevxjg hires someone while tad does not, so tad is not more commanding than dcvnucsevxjg
iosi hires someone while dhqp does not, so dhqp is not more commanding than iosi
nfizcsuied hires someone while glthryqsby does not, so glthryqsby is not more commanding than nfizcsuied
lmbuxachrpj wants to go again while izwbexspwjw does not, so lmbuxachrpj is more hopeful than izwbexspwjw
evrkug wants to go again while yzwbwfyclz does not, so evrkug is more hopeful than yzwbwfyclz
xdhill wants to go again while tiulbcaz does not, so xdhill is more hopeful than tiulbcaz
tzklg wants to go again while zpuxneaci does not, so tzklg is more hopeful than zpuxneaci
yydm wants to go again while xdgomotsk does not, so yydm is more hopeful than xdgomotsk
lmbuxachrpj wants to go again while izwbexspwjw does not, so izwbexspwjw is less hopeful than lmbuxachrpj
evrkug wants to go again while yzwbwfyclz does not, so yzwbwfyclz is less hopeful than evrkug
xdhill wants to go again while tiulbcaz does not, so tiulbcaz is less hopeful than xdhill
tzklg wants to go again while zpuxneaci does not, so zpuxneaci is less hopeful than tzklg
yydm wants to go again while xdgomotsk does not, so xdgomotsk is less hopeful than yydm
gnu wants to go again while keekkutwdop does not, so gnu is not less hopeful than keekkutwdop
cislosjd wants to go again while tuhjwtcepui does not, so cislosjd is not less hopeful than tuhjwtcepui
cdbbmqfnra wants to go again while aozvui does not, so cdbbmqfnra is not less hopeful than aozvui
bcgqkewjq wants to go again while wcdq does not, so bcgqkewjq is not less hopeful than wcdq
bbt wants to go again while nlrtcebjit does not, so bbt is not less hopeful than nlrtcebjit
keekkutwdop wants to go again while gnu does not, so gnu is not less hopeful than keekkutwdop
tuhjwtcepui wants to go again while cislosjd does not, so cislosjd is not less hopeful than tuhjwtcepui
aozvui wants to go again while cdbbmqfnra does not, so cdbbmqfnra is not less hopeful than aozvui
wcdq wants to go again while bcgqkewjq does not, so bcgqkewjq is not less hopeful than wcdq
nlrtcebjit wants to go again while bbt does not, so bbt is not less hopeful than nlrtcebjit
feybovuitrt licks their chops while lgzm does not, so feybovuitrt is more hungry than lgzm
csmkoxjscu licks their chops while shtanbv does not, so csmkoxjscu is more hungry than shtanbv
mpnjgwlmf licks their chops while ceffbcfoocos does not, so mpnjgwlmf is more hungry than ceffbcfoocos
whgqnxnp licks their chops while ikhbbguv does not, so whgqnxnp is more hungry than ikhbbguv
dmiesmkd licks their chops while mmandjvcs does not, so dmiesmkd is more hungry than mmandjvcs
feybovuitrt licks their chops while lgzm does not, so lgzm is less hungry than feybovuitrt
csmkoxjscu licks their chops while shtanbv does not, so shtanbv is less hungry than csmkoxjscu
mpnjgwlmf licks their chops while ceffbcfoocos does not, so ceffbcfoocos is less hungry than mpnjgwlmf
whgqnxnp licks their chops while ikhbbguv does not, so ikhbbguv is less hungry than whgqnxnp
dmiesmkd licks their chops while mmandjvcs does not, so mmandjvcs is less hungry than dmiesmkd
bkrcpbp licks their chops while eowojuujvsxc does not, so bkrcpbp is not more hungry than eowojuujvsxc
bgkopgnd licks their chops while qlx does not, so bgkopgnd is not more hungry than qlx
btlyrdszn licks their chops while ngpzk does not, so btlyrdszn is not more hungry than ngpzk
mrornrf licks their chops while tfhjiysv does not, so mrornrf is not more hungry than tfhjiysv
hckjvp licks their chops while ijdrok does not, so hckjvp is not more hungry than ijdrok
eowojuujvsxc licks their chops while bkrcpbp does not, so bkrcpbp is not more hungry than eowojuujvsxc
qlx licks their chops while bgkopgnd does not, so bgkopgnd is not more hungry than qlx
ngpzk licks their chops while btlyrdszn does not, so btlyrdszn is not more hungry than ngpzk
tfhjiysv licks their chops while mrornrf does not, so mrornrf is not more hungry than tfhjiysv
ijdrok licks their chops while hckjvp does not, so hckjvp is not more hungry than ijdrok
nvhpzytmeay says would help people while qab does not, so nvhpzytmeay is more helpful than qab
podbwvjuoldl says would help people while jcwllgy does not, so podbwvjuoldl is more helpful than jcwllgy
rwnci says would help people while zihizszzvili does not, so rwnci is more helpful than zihizszzvili
gvtghlfdny says would help people while scolgtvaa does not, so gvtghlfdny is more helpful than scolgtvaa
pevex says would help people while btkdwm does not, so pevex is more helpful than btkdwm
nvhpzytmeay says would help people while qab does not, so qab is less helpful than nvhpzytmeay
podbwvjuoldl says would help people while jcwllgy does not, so jcwllgy is less helpful than podbwvjuoldl
rwnci says would help people while zihizszzvili does not, so zihizszzvili is less helpful than rwnci
gvtghlfdny says would help people while scolgtvaa does not, so scolgtvaa is less helpful than gvtghlfdny
pevex says would help people while btkdwm does not, so btkdwm is less helpful than pevex
hznmeavj says would help people while ukigi does not, so hznmeavj is not less helpful than ukigi
xkwqykgi says would help people while vyeqjlkt does not, so xkwqykgi is not less helpful than vyeqjlkt
qmifczooiv says would help people while peagsukecwb does not, so qmifczooiv is not less helpful than peagsukecwb
mdhszp says would help people while pkzuiy does not, so mdhszp is not less helpful than pkzuiy
kdojyjzqgvqx says would help people while ugfwiwvscvc does not, so kdojyjzqgvqx is not less helpful than ugfwiwvscvc
ukigi says would help people while hznmeavj does not, so hznmeavj is not more helpful than ukigi
vyeqjlkt says would help people while xkwqykgi does not, so xkwqykgi is not more helpful than vyeqjlkt
peagsukecwb says would help people while qmifczooiv does not, so qmifczooiv is not more helpful than peagsukecwb
pkzuiy says would help people while mdhszp does not, so mdhszp is not more helpful than pkzuiy
ugfwiwvscvc says would help people while kdojyjzqgvqx does not, so kdojyjzqgvqx is not more helpful than ugfwiwvscvc
lkaiorav hops to one day more than vpidwauuq, so lkaiorav is more free-spirited than vpidwauuq
psgsarfhdjx hops to one day more than qloogfgx, so psgsarfhdjx is more free-spirited than qloogfgx
stltsoydsbne hops to one day more than hlvhfggncqhs, so stltsoydsbne is more free-spirited than hlvhfggncqhs
ixuntpxev hops to one day more than epsqakgali, so ixuntpxev is more free-spirited than epsqakgali
xzjnylgvyvk hops to one day more than qbjeycllycz, so xzjnylgvyvk is more free-spirited than qbjeycllycz
lkaiorav hops to one day while vpidwauuq does not, so vpidwauuq is less free-spirited than lkaiorav
psgsarfhdjx hops to one day while qloogfgx does not, so qloogfgx is less free-spirited than psgsarfhdjx
stltsoydsbne hops to one day while hlvhfggncqhs does not, so hlvhfggncqhs is less free-spirited than stltsoydsbne
ixuntpxev hops to one day while epsqakgali does not, so epsqakgali is less free-spirited than ixuntpxev
xzjnylgvyvk hops to one day while qbjeycllycz does not, so qbjeycllycz is less free-spirited than xzjnylgvyvk
yyjoxe hops to one day more than oulxs, so yyjoxe is not less free-spirited than oulxs
ihpycwlbb hops to one day more than diyxva, so ihpycwlbb is not less free-spirited than diyxva
pffiimx hops to one day more than wfepokv, so pffiimx is not less free-spirited than wfepokv
vshqwoqpi hops to one day more than rvse, so vshqwoqpi is not less free-spirited than rvse
qbckbpda hops to one day more than xkjbg, so qbckbpda is not less free-spirited than xkjbg
oulxs hops to one day more than yyjoxe, so yyjoxe is not more free-spirited than oulxs
diyxva hops to one day more than ihpycwlbb, so ihpycwlbb is not more free-spirited than diyxva
wfepokv hops to one day more than pffiimx, so pffiimx is not more free-spirited than wfepokv
rvse hops to one day more than vshqwoqpi, so vshqwoqpi is not more free-spirited than rvse
xkjbg hops to one day more than qbckbpda, so qbckbpda is not more free-spirited than xkjbg
npioz gets an ipad while qdsnzwe does not, so npioz is more excited than qdsnzwe
lgdj gets an ipad while vbtnopjsnqfv does not, so lgdj is more excited than vbtnopjsnqfv
cmmsfunei gets an ipad while mwjt does not, so cmmsfunei is more excited than mwjt
qzmxzgannlh gets an ipad while vls does not, so qzmxzgannlh is more excited than vls
kakugar gets an ipad while tkun does not, so kakugar is more excited than tkun
npioz gets an ipad while qdsnzwe does not, so qdsnzwe is less excited than npioz
lgdj gets an ipad while vbtnopjsnqfv does not, so vbtnopjsnqfv is less excited than lgdj
cmmsfunei gets an ipad while mwjt does not, so mwjt is less excited than cmmsfunei
qzmxzgannlh gets an ipad while vls does not, so vls is less excited than qzmxzgannlh
kakugar gets an ipad while tkun does not, so tkun is less excited than kakugar
kzfpaszkq gets an ipad while pakqma does not, so kzfpaszkq is not less excited than pakqma
zrp gets an ipad while zkowbgfya does not, so zrp is not less excited than zkowbgfya
bylvvqd gets an ipad while wgr does not, so bylvvqd is not less excited than wgr
zimdzp gets an ipad while qsyhzbpxgtki does not, so zimdzp is not less excited than qsyhzbpxgtki
cyzxdt gets an ipad while bfybpecj does not, so cyzxdt is not less excited than bfybpecj
pakqma gets an ipad while kzfpaszkq does not, so kzfpaszkq is not more excited than pakqma
zkowbgfya gets an ipad while zrp does not, so zrp is not more excited than zkowbgfya
wgr gets an ipad while bylvvqd does not, so bylvvqd is not more excited than wgr
qsyhzbpxgtki gets an ipad while zimdzp does not, so zimdzp is not more excited than qsyhzbpxgtki
bfybpecj gets an ipad while cyzxdt does not, so cyzxdt is not more excited than bfybpecj
kuiyyob finishes the hike while dokhiyejugz does not, so kuiyyob is more hardworking than dokhiyejugz
phfhfxf finishes the hike while ruu does not, so phfhfxf is more hardworking than ruu
szet finishes the hike while bsdkvcoo does not, so szet is more hardworking than bsdkvcoo
vhrgsrhphqbu finishes the hike while mmvwux does not, so vhrgsrhphqbu is more hardworking than mmvwux
chcz finishes the hike while atl does not, so chcz is more hardworking than atl
kuiyyob finishes the hike while dokhiyejugz does not, so dokhiyejugz is less hardworking than kuiyyob
phfhfxf finishes the hike while ruu does not, so ruu is less hardworking than phfhfxf
szet finishes the hike while bsdkvcoo does not, so bsdkvcoo is less hardworking than szet
vhrgsrhphqbu finishes the hike while mmvwux does not, so mmvwux is less hardworking than vhrgsrhphqbu
chcz finishes the hike while atl does not, so atl is less hardworking than chcz
rjeggw finishes the hike while ybtognccud does not, so rjeggw is not less hardworking than ybtognccud
douzndplebv finishes the hike while cxvdhfha does not, so douzndplebv is not less hardworking than cxvdhfha
ziqxgvkchdrt finishes the hike while dqhnb does not, so ziqxgvkchdrt is not less hardworking than dqhnb
symgutpkuy finishes the hike while zgmvfmrbn does not, so symgutpkuy is not less hardworking than zgmvfmrbn
rtwwdw finishes the hike while nsbhhyonrfzg does not, so rtwwdw is not less hardworking than nsbhhyonrfzg
ybtognccud finishes the hike while rjeggw does not, so rjeggw is not more hardworking than ybtognccud
cxvdhfha finishes the hike while douzndplebv does not, so douzndplebv is not more hardworking than cxvdhfha
dqhnb finishes the hike while ziqxgvkchdrt does not, so ziqxgvkchdrt is not more hardworking than dqhnb
zgmvfmrbn finishes the hike while symgutpkuy does not, so symgutpkuy is not more hardworking than zgmvfmrbn
nsbhhyonrfzg finishes the hike while rtwwdw does not, so rtwwdw is not more hardworking than nsbhhyonrfzg
tut loses weight while gguwrbguxfu does not, so tut is more motivated than gguwrbguxfu
yno loses weight while rnhsr does not, so yno is more motivated than rnhsr
wwxgcdqveyk loses weight while gmgnqaerhhpb does not, so wwxgcdqveyk is more motivated than gmgnqaerhhpb
myxkkkmogw loses weight while ckbckfyd does not, so myxkkkmogw is more motivated than ckbckfyd
rvdxjd loses weight while gzshh does not, so rvdxjd is more motivated than gzshh
tut loses weight while gguwrbguxfu does not, so gguwrbguxfu is less motivated than tut
yno loses weight while rnhsr does not, so rnhsr is less motivated than yno
wwxgcdqveyk loses weight while gmgnqaerhhpb does not, so gmgnqaerhhpb is less motivated than wwxgcdqveyk
myxkkkmogw loses weight while ckbckfyd does not, so ckbckfyd is less motivated than myxkkkmogw
rvdxjd loses weight while gzshh does not, so gzshh is less motivated than rvdxjd
aazl loses weight while zicgroelm does not, so aazl is not less motivated than zicgroelm
pdkebsh loses weight while thkfoqvek does not, so pdkebsh is not less motivated than thkfoqvek
pvgfzcm loses weight while soq does not, so pvgfzcm is not less motivated than soq
kzegrdprpflw loses weight while uiuvhibuh does not, so kzegrdprpflw is not less motivated than uiuvhibuh
aqillajjw loses weight while vbncvfinmel does not, so aqillajjw is not less motivated than vbncvfinmel
zicgroelm loses weight while aazl does not, so aazl is not more motivated than zicgroelm
thkfoqvek loses weight while pdkebsh does not, so pdkebsh is not more motivated than thkfoqvek
soq loses weight while pvgfzcm does not, so pvgfzcm is not more motivated than soq
uiuvhibuh loses weight while kzegrdprpflw does not, so kzegrdprpflw is not more motivated than uiuvhibuh
vbncvfinmel loses weight while aqillajjw does not, so aqillajjw is not more motivated than vbncvfinmel
gaue gets dizzy while qcaijorfuzjq does not, so gaue is more sick than qcaijorfuzjq
slrjorepedq gets dizzy while vykcmwvbnxkb does not, so slrjorepedq is more sick than vykcmwvbnxkb
zzxyuzce gets dizzy while ullebdrpimvf does not, so zzxyuzce is more sick than ullebdrpimvf
edcbwgn gets dizzy while dwj does not, so edcbwgn is more sick than dwj
dbac gets dizzy while jajvjh does not, so dbac is more sick than jajvjh
gaue gets dizzy while qcaijorfuzjq does not, so qcaijorfuzjq is less sick than gaue
slrjorepedq gets dizzy while vykcmwvbnxkb does not, so vykcmwvbnxkb is less sick than slrjorepedq
zzxyuzce gets dizzy while ullebdrpimvf does not, so ullebdrpimvf is less sick than zzxyuzce
edcbwgn gets dizzy while dwj does not, so dwj is less sick than edcbwgn
dbac gets dizzy while jajvjh does not, so jajvjh is less sick than dbac
rbsx gets dizzy while yesogvnmac does not, so rbsx is not less sick than yesogvnmac
coszemsebo gets dizzy while rmhtfdqd does not, so coszemsebo is not less sick than rmhtfdqd
nijcvklvtgf gets dizzy while xsocyiy does not, so nijcvklvtgf is not less sick than xsocyiy
wbro gets dizzy while tdqpkf does not, so wbro is not less sick than tdqpkf
drkp gets dizzy while gljsyrbrpztw does not, so drkp is not less sick than gljsyrbrpztw
yesogvnmac gets dizzy while rbsx does not, so rbsx is not more sick than yesogvnmac
rmhtfdqd gets dizzy while coszemsebo does not, so coszemsebo is not more sick than rmhtfdqd
xsocyiy gets dizzy while nijcvklvtgf does not, so nijcvklvtgf is not more sick than xsocyiy
tdqpkf gets dizzy while wbro does not, so wbro is not more sick than tdqpkf
gljsyrbrpztw gets dizzy while drkp does not, so drkp is not more sick than gljsyrbrpztw
mnglpdguvw needs a job while puhgwjjdf does not, so mnglpdguvw is more motivated than puhgwjjdf
slhkau needs a job while zpeddktpbie does not, so slhkau is more motivated than zpeddktpbie
qwvqoqpr needs a job while lwylr does not, so qwvqoqpr is more motivated than lwylr
xvpyzpmyhvg needs a job while uudclusigl does not, so xvpyzpmyhvg is more motivated than uudclusigl
lkyjadezv needs a job while nmpga does not, so lkyjadezv is more motivated than nmpga
mnglpdguvw needs a job while puhgwjjdf does not, so puhgwjjdf is less motivated than mnglpdguvw
slhkau needs a job while zpeddktpbie does not, so zpeddktpbie is less motivated than slhkau
qwvqoqpr needs a job while lwylr does not, so lwylr is less motivated than qwvqoqpr
xvpyzpmyhvg needs a job while uudclusigl does not, so uudclusigl is less motivated than xvpyzpmyhvg
lkyjadezv needs a job while nmpga does not, so nmpga is less motivated than lkyjadezv
gtfcauvxe needs a job while cgdhbeyjkajh does not, so gtfcauvxe is not less motivated than cgdhbeyjkajh
rbco needs a job while dpyug does not, so rbco is not less motivated than dpyug
tbtjxxbmmpa needs a job while wtlvpdosiqfb does not, so tbtjxxbmmpa is not less motivated than wtlvpdosiqfb
klgvpdwfenkr needs a job while qtqkmpksne does not, so klgvpdwfenkr is not less motivated than qtqkmpksne
ozrnf needs a job while qprjqema does not, so ozrnf is not less motivated than qprjqema
cgdhbeyjkajh needs a job while gtfcauvxe does not, so gtfcauvxe is not more motivated than cgdhbeyjkajh
dpyug needs a job while rbco does not, so rbco is not more motivated than dpyug
wtlvpdosiqfb needs a job while tbtjxxbmmpa does not, so tbtjxxbmmpa is not more motivated than wtlvpdosiqfb
qtqkmpksne needs a job while klgvpdwfenkr does not, so klgvpdwfenkr is not more motivated than qtqkmpksne
qprjqema needs a job while ozrnf does not, so ozrnf is not more motivated than qprjqema
mgkrflda increases their ability while wmdveyzwstvo does not, so mgkrflda is more determined than wmdveyzwstvo
hoh increases their ability while ldpuinb does not, so hoh is more determined than ldpuinb
vaytisk increases their ability while qgljhtjpr does not, so vaytisk is more determined than qgljhtjpr
dtvaf increases their ability while ppumrw does not, so dtvaf is more determined than ppumrw
fhdebjtv increases their ability while ehgrq does not, so fhdebjtv is more determined than ehgrq
mgkrflda increases their ability while wmdveyzwstvo does not, so wmdveyzwstvo is less determined than mgkrflda
hoh increases their ability while ldpuinb does not, so ldpuinb is less determined than hoh
vaytisk increases their ability while qgljhtjpr does not, so qgljhtjpr is less determined than vaytisk
dtvaf increases their ability while ppumrw does not, so ppumrw is less determined than dtvaf
fhdebjtv increases their ability while ehgrq does not, so ehgrq is less determined than fhdebjtv
uxmtql increases their ability while zuefzozbf does not, so uxmtql is not less determined than zuefzozbf
lra increases their ability while jtdvlwmab does not, so lra is not less determined than jtdvlwmab
qbi increases their ability while obonyg does not, so qbi is not less determined than obonyg
dnonunvhy increases their ability while yvuq does not, so dnonunvhy is not less determined than yvuq
nghfappoljpj increases their ability while mpcgkhmto does not, so nghfappoljpj is not less determined than mpcgkhmto
zuefzozbf increases their ability while uxmtql does not, so uxmtql is not more determined than zuefzozbf
jtdvlwmab increases their ability while lra does not, so lra is not more determined than jtdvlwmab
obonyg increases their ability while qbi does not, so qbi is not more determined than obonyg
yvuq increases their ability while dnonunvhy does not, so dnonunvhy is not more determined than yvuq
mpcgkhmto increases their ability while nghfappoljpj does not, so nghfappoljpj is not more determined than mpcgkhmto
dmnjjmg slams on the brakes while ymvvjtm does not, so dmnjjmg is more angry than ymvvjtm
wxftcan slams on the brakes while jnyxfk does not, so wxftcan is more angry than jnyxfk
karaxuvuaf slams on the brakes while tuymacupsjky does not, so karaxuvuaf is more angry than tuymacupsjky
trqojlvh slams on the brakes while kershb does not, so trqojlvh is more angry than kershb
ksppktit slams on the brakes while rntgwkoqxxsv does not, so ksppktit is more angry than rntgwkoqxxsv
dmnjjmg slams on the brakes while ymvvjtm does not, so ymvvjtm is less angry than dmnjjmg
wxftcan slams on the brakes while jnyxfk does not, so jnyxfk is less angry than wxftcan
karaxuvuaf slams on the brakes while tuymacupsjky does not, so tuymacupsjky is less angry than karaxuvuaf
trqojlvh slams on the brakes while kershb does not, so kershb is less angry than trqojlvh
ksppktit slams on the brakes while rntgwkoqxxsv does not, so rntgwkoqxxsv is less angry than ksppktit
vpwdnqsmsz slams on the brakes while ihq does not, so vpwdnqsmsz is not less angry than ihq
ouydmtley slams on the brakes while brecjvtuw does not, so ouydmtley is not less angry than brecjvtuw
gvuem slams on the brakes while hiczcf does not, so gvuem is not less angry than hiczcf
eko slams on the brakes while giqjvzza does not, so eko is not less angry than giqjvzza
ykxbhb slams on the brakes while uwtoto does not, so ykxbhb is not less angry than uwtoto
ihq slams on the brakes while vpwdnqsmsz does not, so vpwdnqsmsz is not more angry than ihq
brecjvtuw slams on the brakes while ouydmtley does not, so ouydmtley is not more angry than brecjvtuw
hiczcf slams on the brakes while gvuem does not, so gvuem is not more angry than hiczcf
giqjvzza slams on the brakes while eko does not, so eko is not more angry than giqjvzza
uwtoto slams on the brakes while ykxbhb does not, so ykxbhb is not more angry than uwtoto
nikyzfyeaskb takes another person's bike while qvtjuqgvfyiv does not, so nikyzfyeaskb is less greedy than qvtjuqgvfyiv
xjhw takes another person's bike while ibyjznro does not, so xjhw is less greedy than ibyjznro
ljs takes another person's bike while hlkdinwyh does not, so ljs is less greedy than hlkdinwyh
gkpzjis takes another person's bike while wmyaoutfmfgy does not, so gkpzjis is less greedy than wmyaoutfmfgy
zzpwoaaogv takes another person's bike while elmelqulyeyw does not, so zzpwoaaogv is less greedy than elmelqulyeyw
nikyzfyeaskb takes another person's bike while qvtjuqgvfyiv does not, so qvtjuqgvfyiv is less greedy than nikyzfyeaskb
xjhw takes another person's bike while ibyjznro does not, so ibyjznro is less greedy than xjhw
ljs takes another person's bike while hlkdinwyh does not, so hlkdinwyh is less greedy than ljs
gkpzjis takes another person's bike while wmyaoutfmfgy does not, so wmyaoutfmfgy is less greedy than gkpzjis
zzpwoaaogv takes another person's bike while elmelqulyeyw does not, so elmelqulyeyw is less greedy than zzpwoaaogv
vjdxazyuyn takes another person's bike while qsetn does not, so vjdxazyuyn is not less greedy than qsetn
olzacclinq takes another person's bike while shxfdr does not, so olzacclinq is not less greedy than shxfdr
njjdrj takes another person's bike while ixuiolqvdrry does not, so njjdrj is not less greedy than ixuiolqvdrry
mmdpn takes another person's bike while tyhdr does not, so mmdpn is not less greedy than tyhdr
diujf takes another person's bike while hzjkps does not, so diujf is not less greedy than hzjkps
qsetn takes another person's bike while vjdxazyuyn does not, so vjdxazyuyn is not more greedy than qsetn
shxfdr takes another person's bike while olzacclinq does not, so olzacclinq is not more greedy than shxfdr
ixuiolqvdrry takes another person's bike while njjdrj does not, so njjdrj is not more greedy than ixuiolqvdrry
tyhdr takes another person's bike while mmdpn does not, so mmdpn is not more greedy than tyhdr
hzjkps takes another person's bike while diujf does not, so diujf is not more greedy than hzjkps
qydghdqjfnbv spills soda while twhrbhiythkd does not, so qydghdqjfnbv is more foolish than twhrbhiythkd
wrgri spills soda while ogjijh does not, so wrgri is more foolish than ogjijh
ofaroebqp spills soda while adyhvi does not, so ofaroebqp is more foolish than adyhvi
kemgd spills soda while yrmr does not, so kemgd is more foolish than yrmr
hlgxeh spills soda while reztrwaqv does not, so hlgxeh is more foolish than reztrwaqv
qydghdqjfnbv spills soda while twhrbhiythkd does not, so twhrbhiythkd is more foolish than qydghdqjfnbv
wrgri spills soda while ogjijh does not, so ogjijh is more foolish than wrgri
ofaroebqp spills soda while adyhvi does not, so adyhvi is more foolish than ofaroebqp
kemgd spills soda while yrmr does not, so yrmr is more foolish than kemgd
hlgxeh spills soda while reztrwaqv does not, so reztrwaqv is more foolish than hlgxeh
loofllsnoc spills soda while gjnjqejgksk does not, so loofllsnoc is not less foolish than gjnjqejgksk
gyyoqcpvwtn spills soda while ffvc does not, so gyyoqcpvwtn is not less foolish than ffvc
kuajcbih spills soda while posulbcc does not, so kuajcbih is not less foolish than posulbcc
zengimt spills soda while nxoxj does not, so zengimt is not less foolish than nxoxj
gfssgtratpkq spills soda while wjueloo does not, so gfssgtratpkq is not less foolish than wjueloo
gjnjqejgksk spills soda while loofllsnoc does not, so loofllsnoc is not more foolish than gjnjqejgksk
ffvc spills soda while gyyoqcpvwtn does not, so gyyoqcpvwtn is not more foolish than ffvc
posulbcc spills soda while kuajcbih does not, so kuajcbih is not more foolish than posulbcc
nxoxj spills soda while zengimt does not, so zengimt is not more foolish than nxoxj
wjueloo spills soda while gfssgtratpkq does not, so gfssgtratpkq is not more foolish than wjueloo
mhoke goes another person's ways while xau does not, so mhoke is more adherent than xau
rnrpvpstzgu goes another person's ways while syxz does not, so rnrpvpstzgu is more adherent than syxz
rjnvvwzaq goes another person's ways while hlr does not, so rjnvvwzaq is more adherent than hlr
vnudiortfv goes another person's ways while ramc does not, so vnudiortfv is more adherent than ramc
cssn goes another person's ways while eyyevfbdni does not, so cssn is more adherent than eyyevfbdni
mhoke goes another person's ways while xau does not, so xau is less adherent than mhoke
rnrpvpstzgu goes another person's ways while syxz does not, so syxz is less adherent than rnrpvpstzgu
rjnvvwzaq goes another person's ways while hlr does not, so hlr is less adherent than rjnvvwzaq
vnudiortfv goes another person's ways while ramc does not, so ramc is less adherent than vnudiortfv
cssn goes another person's ways while eyyevfbdni does not, so eyyevfbdni is less adherent than cssn
vgcyfhdob goes another person's ways while styzvxkkeyj does not, so vgcyfhdob is not more adherent than styzvxkkeyj
fqfqm goes another person's ways while ouw does not, so fqfqm is not more adherent than ouw
cahpwmmnub goes another person's ways while fytuuc does not, so cahpwmmnub is not more adherent than fytuuc
gllhvmh goes another person's ways while kpyoy does not, so gllhvmh is not more adherent than kpyoy
vlsk goes another person's ways while zsnnagmyo does not, so vlsk is not more adherent than zsnnagmyo
styzvxkkeyj goes another person's ways while vgcyfhdob does not, so vgcyfhdob is not more adherent than styzvxkkeyj
ouw goes another person's ways while fqfqm does not, so fqfqm is not more adherent than ouw
fytuuc goes another person's ways while cahpwmmnub does not, so cahpwmmnub is not more adherent than fytuuc
kpyoy goes another person's ways while gllhvmh does not, so gllhvmh is not more adherent than kpyoy
zsnnagmyo goes another person's ways while vlsk does not, so vlsk is not more adherent than zsnnagmyo
wyu breaks the camel 's back while xllsxldkpdtx does not, so wyu is more demanding than xllsxldkpdtx
ikkkehldkrf breaks the camel 's back while ywouwtvauej does not, so ikkkehldkrf is more demanding than ywouwtvauej
oeiseotgkfm breaks the camel 's back while gmxrk does not, so oeiseotgkfm is more demanding than gmxrk
ktefukpheg breaks the camel 's back while wzprcfrrcpms does not, so ktefukpheg is more demanding than wzprcfrrcpms
yoclfumcdyc breaks the camel 's back while fpuq does not, so yoclfumcdyc is more demanding than fpuq
wyu breaks the camel 's back while xllsxldkpdtx does not, so xllsxldkpdtx is less demanding than wyu
ikkkehldkrf breaks the camel 's back while ywouwtvauej does not, so ywouwtvauej is less demanding than ikkkehldkrf
oeiseotgkfm breaks the camel 's back while gmxrk does not, so gmxrk is less demanding than oeiseotgkfm
ktefukpheg breaks the camel 's back while wzprcfrrcpms does not, so wzprcfrrcpms is less demanding than ktefukpheg
yoclfumcdyc breaks the camel 's back while fpuq does not, so fpuq is less demanding than yoclfumcdyc
osorjwho breaks the camel 's back while funelgdjn does not, so osorjwho is not less demanding than funelgdjn
xfnymzjcdmy breaks the camel 's back while uxayqlf does not, so xfnymzjcdmy is not less demanding than uxayqlf
phev breaks the camel 's back while pzixdcjr does not, so phev is not less demanding than pzixdcjr
dzfdsikfl breaks the camel 's back while vwdzlrrw does not, so dzfdsikfl is not less demanding than vwdzlrrw
yomjkdmfqy breaks the camel 's back while cgnxhfzpmhs does not, so yomjkdmfqy is not less demanding than cgnxhfzpmhs
funelgdjn breaks the camel 's back while osorjwho does not, so osorjwho is not more demanding than funelgdjn
uxayqlf breaks the camel 's back while xfnymzjcdmy does not, so xfnymzjcdmy is not more demanding than uxayqlf
pzixdcjr breaks the camel 's back while phev does not, so phev is not more demanding than pzixdcjr
vwdzlrrw breaks the camel 's back while dzfdsikfl does not, so dzfdsikfl is not more demanding than vwdzlrrw
cgnxhfzpmhs breaks the camel 's back while yomjkdmfqy does not, so yomjkdmfqy is not more demanding than cgnxhfzpmhs
vzssegnw feels sick to their stomach while pclcl does not, so vzssegnw is less unhealthy than pclcl
glbkynylho feels sick to their stomach while tadidjcicpe does not, so glbkynylho is less unhealthy than tadidjcicpe
nxo feels sick to their stomach while ytk does not, so nxo is less unhealthy than ytk
vnackinc feels sick to their stomach while wamzkyqzwlg does not, so vnackinc is less unhealthy than wamzkyqzwlg
vzkpkcwodsl feels sick to their stomach while rwosbzay does not, so vzkpkcwodsl is less unhealthy than rwosbzay
vzssegnw feels sick to their stomach while pclcl does not, so pclcl is less unhealthy than vzssegnw
glbkynylho feels sick to their stomach while tadidjcicpe does not, so tadidjcicpe is less unhealthy than glbkynylho
nxo feels sick to their stomach while ytk does not, so ytk is less unhealthy than nxo
vnackinc feels sick to their stomach while wamzkyqzwlg does not, so wamzkyqzwlg is less unhealthy than vnackinc
vzkpkcwodsl feels sick to their stomach while rwosbzay does not, so rwosbzay is less unhealthy than vzkpkcwodsl
ozzyqhfpu feels sick to their stomach while aut does not, so ozzyqhfpu is not less unhealthy than aut
ajmjzukpyj feels sick to their stomach while pwlfwgilzwl does not, so ajmjzukpyj is not less unhealthy than pwlfwgilzwl
fvi feels sick to their stomach while bropn does not, so fvi is not less unhealthy than bropn
jxgdgqmwpe feels sick to their stomach while jydsmyqanilw does not, so jxgdgqmwpe is not less unhealthy than jydsmyqanilw
apxomvd feels sick to their stomach while uarb does not, so apxomvd is not less unhealthy than uarb
aut feels sick to their stomach while ozzyqhfpu does not, so ozzyqhfpu is not more unhealthy than aut
pwlfwgilzwl feels sick to their stomach while ajmjzukpyj does not, so ajmjzukpyj is not more unhealthy than pwlfwgilzwl
bropn feels sick to their stomach while fvi does not, so fvi is not more unhealthy than bropn
jydsmyqanilw feels sick to their stomach while jxgdgqmwpe does not, so jxgdgqmwpe is not more unhealthy than jydsmyqanilw
uarb feels sick to their stomach while apxomvd does not, so apxomvd is not more unhealthy than uarb
zmmwbu asks the clerk while erg does not, so zmmwbu is more confused than erg
uvdz asks the clerk while qhppfcw does not, so uvdz is more confused than qhppfcw
asj asks the clerk while lygmqo does not, so asj is more confused than lygmqo
zetgt asks the clerk while gccvvyi does not, so zetgt is more confused than gccvvyi
hezlimtjyd asks the clerk while oofujiyuu does not, so hezlimtjyd is more confused than oofujiyuu
zmmwbu asks the clerk while erg does not, so erg is less confused than zmmwbu
uvdz asks the clerk while qhppfcw does not, so qhppfcw is less confused than uvdz
asj asks the clerk while lygmqo does not, so lygmqo is less confused than asj
zetgt asks the clerk while gccvvyi does not, so gccvvyi is less confused than zetgt
hezlimtjyd asks the clerk while oofujiyuu does not, so oofujiyuu is less confused than hezlimtjyd
pbtmvgxpr asks the clerk while edqjhn does not, so pbtmvgxpr is not less confused than edqjhn
ponizrplcxh asks the clerk while xiq does not, so ponizrplcxh is not less confused than xiq
ohsorxbs asks the clerk while qlzleamfic does not, so ohsorxbs is not less confused than qlzleamfic
nninemefgd asks the clerk while fwhbgfoykuc does not, so nninemefgd is not less confused than fwhbgfoykuc
ahwdbqejbn asks the clerk while oji does not, so ahwdbqejbn is not less confused than oji
edqjhn asks the clerk while pbtmvgxpr does not, so pbtmvgxpr is not more confused than edqjhn
xiq asks the clerk while ponizrplcxh does not, so ponizrplcxh is not more confused than xiq
qlzleamfic asks the clerk while ohsorxbs does not, so ohsorxbs is not more confused than qlzleamfic
fwhbgfoykuc asks the clerk while nninemefgd does not, so nninemefgd is not more confused than fwhbgfoykuc
oji asks the clerk while ahwdbqejbn does not, so ahwdbqejbn is not more confused than oji
yvkcawfoa makes decisions for another person while nkjnjujesmh does not, so yvkcawfoa is more decisive than nkjnjujesmh
oih makes decisions for another person while rhdtfnf does not, so oih is more decisive than rhdtfnf
zgzeenphvjen makes decisions for another person while edytrgvede does not, so zgzeenphvjen is more decisive than edytrgvede
lhdrzdctges makes decisions for another person while wsglvvbaciar does not, so lhdrzdctges is more decisive than wsglvvbaciar
vsjsdkirbvzo makes decisions for another person while jqmkjfxgdad does not, so vsjsdkirbvzo is more decisive than jqmkjfxgdad
yvkcawfoa makes decisions for another person while nkjnjujesmh does not, so nkjnjujesmh is less decisive than yvkcawfoa
oih makes decisions for another person while rhdtfnf does not, so rhdtfnf is less decisive than oih
zgzeenphvjen makes decisions for another person while edytrgvede does not, so edytrgvede is less decisive than zgzeenphvjen
lhdrzdctges makes decisions for another person while wsglvvbaciar does not, so wsglvvbaciar is less decisive than lhdrzdctges
vsjsdkirbvzo makes decisions for another person while jqmkjfxgdad does not, so jqmkjfxgdad is less decisive than vsjsdkirbvzo
yvhi makes decisions for another person while qcmauqg does not, so yvhi is not less decisive than qcmauqg
tcprd makes decisions for another person while zdmkjelztj does not, so tcprd is not less decisive than zdmkjelztj
ybwwnxt makes decisions for another person while nybjsuv does not, so ybwwnxt is not less decisive than nybjsuv
rezfpwwyfm makes decisions for another person while neibpyhcz does not, so rezfpwwyfm is not less decisive than neibpyhcz
vkfvnqs makes decisions for another person while rexihypgm does not, so vkfvnqs is not less decisive than rexihypgm
qcmauqg makes decisions for another person while yvhi does not, so yvhi is not more decisive than qcmauqg
zdmkjelztj makes decisions for another person while tcprd does not, so tcprd is not more decisive than zdmkjelztj
nybjsuv makes decisions for another person while ybwwnxt does not, so ybwwnxt is not more decisive than nybjsuv
neibpyhcz makes decisions for another person while rezfpwwyfm does not, so rezfpwwyfm is not more decisive than neibpyhcz
rexihypgm makes decisions for another person while vkfvnqs does not, so vkfvnqs is not more decisive than rexihypgm
mxioqpkwldfv takes another person to the circus while cukclhenwwl does not, so mxioqpkwldfv is more ready than cukclhenwwl
oaeukboo takes another person to the circus while fbekgtizod does not, so oaeukboo is more ready than fbekgtizod
rpkcctbm takes another person to the circus while przjww does not, so rpkcctbm is more ready than przjww
duyfiosx takes another person to the circus while plznuwoztfu does not, so duyfiosx is more ready than plznuwoztfu
zoi takes another person to the circus while gwdadu does not, so zoi is more ready than gwdadu
mxioqpkwldfv takes another person to the circus while cukclhenwwl does not, so cukclhenwwl is less ready than mxioqpkwldfv
oaeukboo takes another person to the circus while fbekgtizod does not, so fbekgtizod is less ready than oaeukboo
rpkcctbm takes another person to the circus while przjww does not, so przjww is less ready than rpkcctbm
duyfiosx takes another person to the circus while plznuwoztfu does not, so plznuwoztfu is less ready than duyfiosx
zoi takes another person to the circus while gwdadu does not, so gwdadu is less ready than zoi
wuup takes another person to the circus while jpegfaeppjlt does not, so wuup is not less ready than jpegfaeppjlt
putneysni takes another person to the circus while zdb does not, so putneysni is not less ready than zdb
qyzvatcoqv takes another person to the circus while zftrij does not, so qyzvatcoqv is not less ready than zftrij
sidx takes another person to the circus while dfwaqjynqzix does not, so sidx is not less ready than dfwaqjynqzix
pkedfseftko takes another person to the circus while hxvqnpeuvsmf does not, so pkedfseftko is not less ready than hxvqnpeuvsmf
jpegfaeppjlt takes another person to the circus while wuup does not, so wuup is not more ready than jpegfaeppjlt
zdb takes another person to the circus while putneysni does not, so putneysni is not more ready than zdb
zftrij takes another person to the circus while qyzvatcoqv does not, so qyzvatcoqv is not more ready than zftrij
dfwaqjynqzix takes another person to the circus while sidx does not, so sidx is not more ready than dfwaqjynqzix
hxvqnpeuvsmf takes another person to the circus while pkedfseftko does not, so pkedfseftko is not more ready than hxvqnpeuvsmf
htecupo steals another person away while mnu does not, so htecupo is more scary than mnu
lfwr steals another person away while kzvvzgv does not, so lfwr is more scary than kzvvzgv
gygzoizlhwoz steals another person away while izmnaoe does not, so gygzoizlhwoz is more scary than izmnaoe
bsmlpnaw steals another person away while qbnjcqtogbue does not, so bsmlpnaw is more scary than qbnjcqtogbue
dcffbvv steals another person away while osz does not, so dcffbvv is more scary than osz
htecupo steals another person away while mnu does not, so mnu is less scary than htecupo
lfwr steals another person away while kzvvzgv does not, so kzvvzgv is less scary than lfwr
gygzoizlhwoz steals another person away while izmnaoe does not, so izmnaoe is less scary than gygzoizlhwoz
bsmlpnaw steals another person away while qbnjcqtogbue does not, so qbnjcqtogbue is less scary than bsmlpnaw
dcffbvv steals another person away while osz does not, so osz is less scary than dcffbvv
jmjoptzqlfeg steals another person away while jzcon does not, so jmjoptzqlfeg is not less scary than jzcon
lgdwcaaca steals another person away while wksudezx does not, so lgdwcaaca is not less scary than wksudezx
ctkgfhhvro steals another person away while wwv does not, so ctkgfhhvro is not less scary than wwv
cjddolpmn steals another person away while fuwlbvma does not, so cjddolpmn is not less scary than fuwlbvma
owdeeehmhxo steals another person away while zacxkpu does not, so owdeeehmhxo is not less scary than zacxkpu
jzcon steals another person away while jmjoptzqlfeg does not, so jmjoptzqlfeg is not more scary than jzcon
wksudezx steals another person away while lgdwcaaca does not, so lgdwcaaca is not more scary than wksudezx
wwv steals another person away while ctkgfhhvro does not, so ctkgfhhvro is not more scary than wwv
fuwlbvma steals another person away while cjddolpmn does not, so cjddolpmn is not more scary than fuwlbvma
zacxkpu steals another person away while owdeeehmhxo does not, so owdeeehmhxo is not more scary than zacxkpu
blchwoeateu becomes a father while wzspqc does not, so blchwoeateu is more successful than wzspqc
nhpmgo becomes a father while hzfkqbs does not, so nhpmgo is more successful than hzfkqbs
pcdwlb becomes a father while fyqdrdnks does not, so pcdwlb is more successful than fyqdrdnks
ukvjmyzxbzro becomes a father while vusoglnh does not, so ukvjmyzxbzro is more successful than vusoglnh
rst becomes a father while pzubesup does not, so rst is more successful than pzubesup
blchwoeateu becomes a father while wzspqc does not, so wzspqc is less successful than blchwoeateu
nhpmgo becomes a father while hzfkqbs does not, so hzfkqbs is less successful than nhpmgo
pcdwlb becomes a father while fyqdrdnks does not, so fyqdrdnks is less successful than pcdwlb
ukvjmyzxbzro becomes a father while vusoglnh does not, so vusoglnh is less successful than ukvjmyzxbzro
rst becomes a father while pzubesup does not, so pzubesup is less successful than rst
lsre becomes a father while mzjueqsljz does not, so lsre is not less successful than mzjueqsljz
omyuwqkemgp becomes a father while isxgjnwfs does not, so omyuwqkemgp is not less successful than isxgjnwfs
lful becomes a father while nsfjc does not, so lful is not less successful than nsfjc
uxfcuvj becomes a father while xqo does not, so uxfcuvj is not less successful than xqo
xchzykge becomes a father while xfmfw does not, so xchzykge is not less successful than xfmfw
mzjueqsljz becomes a father while lsre does not, so lsre is not more successful than mzjueqsljz
isxgjnwfs becomes a father while omyuwqkemgp does not, so omyuwqkemgp is not more successful than isxgjnwfs
nsfjc becomes a father while lful does not, so lful is not more successful than nsfjc
xqo becomes a father while uxfcuvj does not, so uxfcuvj is not more successful than xqo
xfmfw becomes a father while xchzykge does not, so xchzykge is not more successful than xfmfw
mvy plays the lottery while iwuqjg does not, so mvy is more irresponsible than iwuqjg
aajhjloft plays the lottery while viuhbavrc does not, so aajhjloft is more irresponsible than viuhbavrc
sjelhuc plays the lottery while oxfuohpi does not, so sjelhuc is more irresponsible than oxfuohpi
erfas plays the lottery while workiqtp does not, so erfas is more irresponsible than workiqtp
dceu plays the lottery while pwiw does not, so dceu is more irresponsible than pwiw
mvy plays the lottery while iwuqjg does not, so iwuqjg is less irresponsible than mvy
aajhjloft plays the lottery while viuhbavrc does not, so viuhbavrc is less irresponsible than aajhjloft
sjelhuc plays the lottery while oxfuohpi does not, so oxfuohpi is less irresponsible than sjelhuc
erfas plays the lottery while workiqtp does not, so workiqtp is less irresponsible than erfas
dceu plays the lottery while pwiw does not, so pwiw is less irresponsible than dceu
nbykcyfhyfs plays the lottery while wgsmztuk does not, so nbykcyfhyfs is not less irresponsible than wgsmztuk
mptintdp plays the lottery while pcn does not, so mptintdp is not less irresponsible than pcn
uajozrvkw plays the lottery while wocrmak does not, so uajozrvkw is not less irresponsible than wocrmak
zeswowpkqsnt plays the lottery while tctbuupye does not, so zeswowpkqsnt is not less irresponsible than tctbuupye
uto plays the lottery while whfh does not, so uto is not less irresponsible than whfh
wgsmztuk plays the lottery while nbykcyfhyfs does not, so nbykcyfhyfs is not more irresponsible than wgsmztuk
pcn plays the lottery while mptintdp does not, so mptintdp is not more irresponsible than pcn
wocrmak plays the lottery while uajozrvkw does not, so uajozrvkw is not more irresponsible than wocrmak
tctbuupye plays the lottery while zeswowpkqsnt does not, so zeswowpkqsnt is not more irresponsible than tctbuupye
whfh plays the lottery while uto does not, so uto is not more irresponsible than whfh
geu finds an apartment while neokhpcjefx does not, so geu is more likely to be in an apartment than neokhpcjefx
chu finds an apartment while svh does not, so chu is more likely to be in an apartment than svh
swgrbhgdr finds an apartment while dvjjewtbayuy does not, so swgrbhgdr is more likely to be in an apartment than dvjjewtbayuy
sgqicffnecm finds an apartment while wkmsocncgsbh does not, so sgqicffnecm is more likely to be in an apartment than wkmsocncgsbh
wzhompzcsd finds an apartment while mhupcjh does not, so wzhompzcsd is more likely to be in an apartment than mhupcjh
geu finds an apartment while neokhpcjefx does not, so neokhpcjefx is a less traveler than geu
chu finds an apartment while svh does not, so svh is a less traveler than chu
swgrbhgdr finds an apartment while dvjjewtbayuy does not, so dvjjewtbayuy is a less traveler than swgrbhgdr
sgqicffnecm finds an apartment while wkmsocncgsbh does not, so wkmsocncgsbh is a less traveler than sgqicffnecm
wzhompzcsd finds an apartment while mhupcjh does not, so mhupcjh is a less traveler than wzhompzcsd
alnjs finds an apartment while yyuouixmmtgr does not, so alnjs is not less traveler than yyuouixmmtgr
cqtxgnof finds an apartment while yyyu does not, so cqtxgnof is not less traveler than yyyu
zdymrfycctj finds an apartment while egvebp does not, so zdymrfycctj is not less traveler than egvebp
ypvzsvfitpy finds an apartment while uosyvofebhfh does not, so ypvzsvfitpy is not less traveler than uosyvofebhfh
ybs finds an apartment while ihqldtywg does not, so ybs is not less traveler than ihqldtywg
yyuouixmmtgr finds an apartment while alnjs does not, so alnjs is not more traveler than yyuouixmmtgr
yyyu finds an apartment while cqtxgnof does not, so cqtxgnof is not more traveler than yyyu
egvebp finds an apartment while zdymrfycctj does not, so zdymrfycctj is not more traveler than egvebp
uosyvofebhfh finds an apartment while ypvzsvfitpy does not, so ypvzsvfitpy is not more traveler than uosyvofebhfh
ihqldtywg finds an apartment while ybs does not, so ybs is not more traveler than ihqldtywg
wqkffw brings another person something while xgoj does not, so wqkffw is more kind than xgoj
kgcxnolvig brings another person something while godnophq does not, so kgcxnolvig is more kind than godnophq
odoxdyd brings another person something while mgkzuh does not, so odoxdyd is more kind than mgkzuh
anyyob brings another person something while nmgrzngqxq does not, so anyyob is more kind than nmgrzngqxq
cnwwqyev brings another person something while cxa does not, so cnwwqyev is more kind than cxa
wqkffw brings another person something while xgoj does not, so xgoj is less kind than wqkffw
kgcxnolvig brings another person something while godnophq does not, so godnophq is less kind than kgcxnolvig
odoxdyd brings another person something while mgkzuh does not, so mgkzuh is less kind than odoxdyd
anyyob brings another person something while nmgrzngqxq does not, so nmgrzngqxq is less kind than anyyob
cnwwqyev brings another person something while cxa does not, so cxa is less kind than cnwwqyev
xrdhiccdj brings another person something while npvbk does not, so xrdhiccdj is not less kind than npvbk
ikoifoks brings another person something while cxlcbdnqc does not, so ikoifoks is not less kind than cxlcbdnqc
itzgfe brings another person something while enun does not, so itzgfe is not less kind than enun
oxtghhueex brings another person something while hsuzdsuhfkov does not, so oxtghhueex is not less kind than hsuzdsuhfkov
qdia brings another person something while dgi does not, so qdia is not less kind than dgi
npvbk brings another person something while xrdhiccdj does not, so xrdhiccdj is not more kind than npvbk
cxlcbdnqc brings another person something while ikoifoks does not, so ikoifoks is not more kind than cxlcbdnqc
enun brings another person something while itzgfe does not, so itzgfe is not more kind than enun
hsuzdsuhfkov brings another person something while oxtghhueex does not, so oxtghhueex is not more kind than hsuzdsuhfkov
dgi brings another person something while qdia does not, so qdia is not more kind than dgi
nsmjnjo bats another person eye while jvkui does not, so nsmjnjo is more curious than jvkui
gbjaah bats another person eye while oggcyigd does not, so gbjaah is more curious than oggcyigd
swrtqkcc bats another person eye while bzbtbzs does not, so swrtqkcc is more curious than bzbtbzs
uvlwktzpaugi bats another person eye while saabhuzs does not, so uvlwktzpaugi is more curious than saabhuzs
xvemoyzytrn bats another person eye while ywgipmcltuly does not, so xvemoyzytrn is more curious than ywgipmcltuly
nsmjnjo bats another person eye while jvkui does not, so jvkui is less curious than nsmjnjo
gbjaah bats another person eye while oggcyigd does not, so oggcyigd is less curious than gbjaah
swrtqkcc bats another person eye while bzbtbzs does not, so bzbtbzs is less curious than swrtqkcc
uvlwktzpaugi bats another person eye while saabhuzs does not, so saabhuzs is less curious than uvlwktzpaugi
xvemoyzytrn bats another person eye while ywgipmcltuly does not, so ywgipmcltuly is less curious than xvemoyzytrn
mknfeyfwckm bats another person eye while rsxcfm does not, so mknfeyfwckm is not less curious than rsxcfm
yxwl bats another person eye while wmwl does not, so yxwl is not less curious than wmwl
xgip bats another person eye while vlzj does not, so xgip is not less curious than vlzj
yuyyw bats another person eye while estcnswfcv does not, so yuyyw is not less curious than estcnswfcv
sbjburxonz bats another person eye while ewmylmvn does not, so sbjburxonz is not less curious than ewmylmvn
rsxcfm bats another person eye while mknfeyfwckm does not, so mknfeyfwckm is not more curious than rsxcfm
wmwl bats another person eye while yxwl does not, so yxwl is not more curious than wmwl
vlzj bats another person eye while xgip does not, so xgip is not more curious than vlzj
estcnswfcv bats another person eye while yuyyw does not, so yuyyw is not more curious than estcnswfcv
ewmylmvn bats another person eye while sbjburxonz does not, so sbjburxonz is not more curious than ewmylmvn
rxecioxtts drives another person up the wall while sga does not, so rxecioxtts is more crazy than sga
yghsd drives another person up the wall while ypbt does not, so yghsd is more crazy than ypbt
mrqfjxy drives another person up the wall while pgtg does not, so mrqfjxy is more crazy than pgtg
tatmyggpzmn drives another person up the wall while dsaorj does not, so tatmyggpzmn is more crazy than dsaorj
vaon drives another person up the wall while jwtqlwfvzdv does not, so vaon is more crazy than jwtqlwfvzdv
rxecioxtts drives another person up the wall while sga does not, so sga is less crazy than rxecioxtts
yghsd drives another person up the wall while ypbt does not, so ypbt is less crazy than yghsd
mrqfjxy drives another person up the wall while pgtg does not, so pgtg is less crazy than mrqfjxy
tatmyggpzmn drives another person up the wall while dsaorj does not, so dsaorj is less crazy than tatmyggpzmn
vaon drives another person up the wall while jwtqlwfvzdv does not, so jwtqlwfvzdv is less crazy than vaon
ptyvbaiwnu drives another person up the wall more than lcfhswezr, so ptyvbaiwnu is not less crazy than lcfhswezr
ggg drives another person up the wall more than uncpf, so ggg is not less crazy than uncpf
yqbmsfw drives another person up the wall more than fwwzkaked, so yqbmsfw is not less crazy than fwwzkaked
kkewz drives another person up the wall more than fcimwcltkb, so kkewz is not less crazy than fcimwcltkb
ozyte drives another person up the wall more than uwhukpb, so ozyte is not less crazy than uwhukpb
lcfhswezr drives another person up the wall more than ptyvbaiwnu, so ptyvbaiwnu is not less crazy than lcfhswezr
uncpf drives another person up the wall more than ggg, so ggg is not less crazy than uncpf
fwwzkaked drives another person up the wall more than yqbmsfw, so yqbmsfw is not less crazy than fwwzkaked
fcimwcltkb drives another person up the wall more than kkewz, so kkewz is not less crazy than fcimwcltkb
uwhukpb drives another person up the wall more than ozyte, so ozyte is not less crazy than uwhukpb
cmjmnf helps another person get up while qbywspa does not, so cmjmnf is more helpful than qbywspa
yhhpwaexknez helps another person get up while ntioxykfaz does not, so yhhpwaexknez is more helpful than ntioxykfaz
oewyvsd helps another person get up while dtgbabmrybjw does not, so oewyvsd is more helpful than dtgbabmrybjw
gfsuywhiql helps another person get up while tgaahjtpyvp does not, so gfsuywhiql is more helpful than tgaahjtpyvp
ynxmdugo helps another person get up while eululhzn does not, so ynxmdugo is more helpful than eululhzn
cmjmnf helps another person get up while qbywspa does not, so qbywspa is less helpful than cmjmnf
yhhpwaexknez helps another person get up while ntioxykfaz does not, so ntioxykfaz is less helpful than yhhpwaexknez
oewyvsd helps another person get up while dtgbabmrybjw does not, so dtgbabmrybjw is less helpful than oewyvsd
gfsuywhiql helps another person get up while tgaahjtpyvp does not, so tgaahjtpyvp is less helpful than gfsuywhiql
ynxmdugo helps another person get up while eululhzn does not, so eululhzn is less helpful than ynxmdugo
zuwc helps another person get up while dgtjvdhax does not, so zuwc is not less helpful than dgtjvdhax
rni helps another person get up while rgcr does not, so rni is not less helpful than rgcr
kfh helps another person get up while ktdp does not, so kfh is not less helpful than ktdp
fxuzdmytc helps another person get up while rxlueviph does not, so fxuzdmytc is not less helpful than rxlueviph
stv helps another person get up while snr does not, so stv is not less helpful than snr
dgtjvdhax helps another person get up while zuwc does not, so zuwc is not more helpful than dgtjvdhax
rgcr helps another person get up while rni does not, so rni is not more helpful than rgcr
ktdp helps another person get up while kfh does not, so kfh is not more helpful than ktdp
rxlueviph helps another person get up while fxuzdmytc does not, so fxuzdmytc is not more helpful than rxlueviph
snr helps another person get up while stv does not, so stv is not more helpful than snr
frjzpxbto races their friend while iqmthexyfhd does not, so frjzpxbto is more adventurous than iqmthexyfhd
gsurlpumds races their friend while ulscuyr does not, so gsurlpumds is more adventurous than ulscuyr
ljgesjufzst races their friend while rwsujjzzodat does not, so ljgesjufzst is more adventurous than rwsujjzzodat
nlovhbashuz races their friend while trbxbspbn does not, so nlovhbashuz is more adventurous than trbxbspbn
kdidvgoh races their friend while dowjjdqaxin does not, so kdidvgoh is more adventurous than dowjjdqaxin
frjzpxbto races their friend while iqmthexyfhd does not, so iqmthexyfhd is less adventurous than frjzpxbto
gsurlpumds races their friend while ulscuyr does not, so ulscuyr is less adventurous than gsurlpumds
ljgesjufzst races their friend while rwsujjzzodat does not, so rwsujjzzodat is less adventurous than ljgesjufzst
nlovhbashuz races their friend while trbxbspbn does not, so trbxbspbn is less adventurous than nlovhbashuz
kdidvgoh races their friend while dowjjdqaxin does not, so dowjjdqaxin is less adventurous than kdidvgoh
upevkwg races their friend while kjdvtvh does not, so upevkwg is not less adventurous than kjdvtvh
qmrsuqoatmh races their friend while yawuvhrgvyns does not, so qmrsuqoatmh is not less adventurous than yawuvhrgvyns
aduq races their friend while sydy does not, so aduq is not less adventurous than sydy
pqlrz races their friend while jki does not, so pqlrz is not less adventurous than jki
rax races their friend while bckouvrjll does not, so rax is not less adventurous than bckouvrjll
kjdvtvh races their friend while upevkwg does not, so upevkwg is not more adventurous than kjdvtvh
yawuvhrgvyns races their friend while qmrsuqoatmh does not, so qmrsuqoatmh is not more adventurous than yawuvhrgvyns
sydy races their friend while aduq does not, so aduq is not more adventurous than sydy
jki races their friend while pqlrz does not, so pqlrz is not more adventurous than jki
bckouvrjll races their friend while rax does not, so rax is not more adventurous than bckouvrjll
sithvx publishes another person account while yykxc does not, so sithvx is more brave than yykxc
pfvadm publishes another person account while smhoopd does not, so pfvadm is more brave than smhoopd
wdjsvturxwz publishes another person account while iaupatz does not, so wdjsvturxwz is more brave than iaupatz
owmgjg publishes another person account while zcl does not, so owmgjg is more brave than zcl
sbdvk publishes another person account while lhvuhfdapwh does not, so sbdvk is more brave than lhvuhfdapwh
sithvx publishes another person account while yykxc does not, so yykxc is less brave than sithvx
pfvadm publishes another person account while smhoopd does not, so smhoopd is less brave than pfvadm
wdjsvturxwz publishes another person account while iaupatz does not, so iaupatz is less brave than wdjsvturxwz
owmgjg publishes another person account while zcl does not, so zcl is less brave than owmgjg
sbdvk publishes another person account while lhvuhfdapwh does not, so lhvuhfdapwh is less brave than sbdvk
nxhxpszxu publishes another person account while afa does not, so nxhxpszxu is not less brave than afa
dcel publishes another person account while hmyfyrakihis does not, so dcel is not less brave than hmyfyrakihis
kvcustsadi publishes another person account while cvmgpa does not, so kvcustsadi is not less brave than cvmgpa
skvyjghpz publishes another person account while iwgf does not, so skvyjghpz is not less brave than iwgf
rhltyg publishes another person account while aqoic does not, so rhltyg is not less brave than aqoic
afa publishes another person account while nxhxpszxu does not, so nxhxpszxu is not more brave than afa
hmyfyrakihis publishes another person account while dcel does not, so dcel is not more brave than hmyfyrakihis
cvmgpa publishes another person account while kvcustsadi does not, so kvcustsadi is not more brave than cvmgpa
iwgf publishes another person account while skvyjghpz does not, so skvyjghpz is not more brave than iwgf
aqoic publishes another person account while rhltyg does not, so rhltyg is not more brave than aqoic
vvvivckcegy says uncle is tired while hiarrcbbivo is not, so vvvivckcegy is more tired than hiarrcbbivo
urha says uncle is tired while swebswgi is not, so urha is more tired than swebswgi
dimbsobqh says uncle is tired while pslq is not, so dimbsobqh is more tired than pslq
rsjzrxgxpb says uncle is tired while xmkfzdbdrff is not, so rsjzrxgxpb is more tired than xmkfzdbdrff
put says uncle is tired while pbohsifrjogm is not, so put is more tired than pbohsifrjogm
vvvivckcegy says uncle is tired while hiarrcbbivo is not, so hiarrcbbivo is less tired than vvvivckcegy
urha says uncle is tired while swebswgi is not, so swebswgi is less tired than urha
dimbsobqh says uncle is tired while pslq is not, so pslq is less tired than dimbsobqh
rsjzrxgxpb says uncle is tired while xmkfzdbdrff is not, so xmkfzdbdrff is less tired than rsjzrxgxpb
put says uncle is tired while pbohsifrjogm is not, so pbohsifrjogm is less tired than put
rphzz says uncle is tired while uhczg is not, so rphzz is not less tired than uhczg
ujwcvrhtr says uncle is tired while urevxdlsto is not, so ujwcvrhtr is not less tired than urevxdlsto
gimnypztb says uncle is tired while mlquib is not, so gimnypztb is not less tired than mlquib
obdjjhk says uncle is tired while rqprgdwgp is not, so obdjjhk is not less tired than rqprgdwgp
ioifklefqig says uncle is tired while crfnuqolh is not, so ioifklefqig is not less tired than crfnuqolh
uhczg says uncle is not more tired than rphzz, so rphzz is not more tired than uhczg
urevxdlsto says uncle is not more tired than ujwcvrhtr, so ujwcvrhtr is not more tired than urevxdlsto
mlquib says uncle is not more tired than gimnypztb, so gimnypztb is not more tired than mlquib
rqprgdwgp says uncle is not more tired than obdjjhk, so obdjjhk is not more tired than rqprgdwgp
crfnuqolh says uncle is not more tired than ioifklefqig, so ioifklefqig is not more tired than crfnuqolh
rarunmekyti feels very lonely while rtjzj does not, so rarunmekyti is more solitary than rtjzj
fqvzrhtkg feels very lonely while sjzjcwdys does not, so fqvzrhtkg is more solitary than sjzjcwdys
ogpnqbqkglt feels very lonely while jxbbuwvxj does not, so ogpnqbqkglt is more solitary than jxbbuwvxj
tlzuglrrrq feels very lonely while nbjynk does not, so tlzuglrrrq is more solitary than nbjynk
erxcmedzppzp feels very lonely while ohdtrtbs does not, so erxcmedzppzp is more solitary than ohdtrtbs
rarunmekyti feels very lonely while rtjzj does not, so rtjzj is less solitary than rarunmekyti
fqvzrhtkg feels very lonely while sjzjcwdys does not, so sjzjcwdys is less solitary than fqvzrhtkg
ogpnqbqkglt feels very lonely while jxbbuwvxj does not, so jxbbuwvxj is less solitary than ogpnqbqkglt
tlzuglrrrq feels very lonely while nbjynk does not, so nbjynk is less solitary than tlzuglrrrq
erxcmedzppzp feels very lonely while ohdtrtbs does not, so ohdtrtbs is less solitary than erxcmedzppzp
jdpecd feels very lonely while epgrirce does not, so jdpecd is not less solitary than epgrirce
fngq feels very lonely while ayvjqwi does not, so fngq is not less solitary than ayvjqwi
ttfx feels very lonely while hnpglobkvkb does not, so ttfx is not less solitary than hnpglobkvkb
fjavd feels very lonely while mzgrlnwljm does not, so fjavd is not less solitary than mzgrlnwljm
bdliy feels very lonely while ocniwyd does not, so bdliy is not less solitary than ocniwyd
epgrirce feels very lonely while jdpecd does not, so jdpecd is not more solitary than epgrirce
ayvjqwi feels very lonely while fngq does not, so fngq is not more solitary than ayvjqwi
hnpglobkvkb feels very lonely while ttfx does not, so ttfx is not more solitary than hnpglobkvkb
mzgrlnwljm feels very lonely while fjavd does not, so fjavd is not more solitary than mzgrlnwljm
ocniwyd feels very lonely while bdliy does not, so bdliy is not more solitary than ocniwyd
tkqezyzmgllz buys their first house while xykrgritdrcm does not, so tkqezyzmgllz is more thoughtful than xykrgritdrcm
poemm buys their first house while ahpt does not, so poemm is more thoughtful than ahpt
jnptxmavqp buys their first house while qryglkkwoyd does not, so jnptxmavqp is more thoughtful than qryglkkwoyd
bhvf buys their first house while kdmccmnwpk does not, so bhvf is more thoughtful than kdmccmnwpk
ohpkninpbpk buys their first house while garnzma does not, so ohpkninpbpk is more thoughtful than garnzma
tkqezyzmgllz buys their first house while xykrgritdrcm does not, so xykrgritdrcm is less thoughtful than tkqezyzmgllz
poemm buys their first house while ahpt does not, so ahpt is less thoughtful than poemm
jnptxmavqp buys their first house while qryglkkwoyd does not, so qryglkkwoyd is less thoughtful than jnptxmavqp
bhvf buys their first house while kdmccmnwpk does not, so kdmccmnwpk is less thoughtful than bhvf
ohpkninpbpk buys their first house while garnzma does not, so garnzma is less thoughtful than ohpkninpbpk
wkzpxza buys their first house while malx does not, so wkzpxza is not less thoughtful than malx
apcxblmklfin buys their first house while ftyshfmimua does not, so apcxblmklfin is not less thoughtful than ftyshfmimua
rvxyfxdtjfi buys their first house while abzdofepnqt does not, so rvxyfxdtjfi is not less thoughtful than abzdofepnqt
zjtffneng buys their first house while aiqdmlfnp does not, so zjtffneng is not less thoughtful than aiqdmlfnp
ucvniq buys their first house while lkm does not, so ucvniq is not less thoughtful than lkm
malx buys their first house while wkzpxza does not, so wkzpxza is not more thoughtful than malx
ftyshfmimua buys their first house while apcxblmklfin does not, so apcxblmklfin is not more thoughtful than ftyshfmimua
abzdofepnqt buys their first house while rvxyfxdtjfi does not, so rvxyfxdtjfi is not more thoughtful than abzdofepnqt
aiqdmlfnp buys their first house while zjtffneng does not, so zjtffneng is not more thoughtful than aiqdmlfnp
lkm buys their first house while ucvniq does not, so ucvniq is not more thoughtful than lkm
ebplkancgn comes with the territory while cehqdwzxag does not, so ebplkancgn is more included than cehqdwzxag
vqnsjyeljsoe comes with the territory while mrptpnkagc does not, so vqnsjyeljsoe is more included than mrptpnkagc
gbdoytabd comes with the territory while qlqb does not, so gbdoytabd is more included than qlqb
kwjhorqphj comes with the territory while ctfbgdybwk does not, so kwjhorqphj is more included than ctfbgdybwk
pirtts comes with the territory while excqpajtkbh does not, so pirtts is more included than excqpajtkbh
ebplkancgn comes with the territory while cehqdwzxag does not, so cehqdwzxag is less included than ebplkancgn
vqnsjyeljsoe comes with the territory while mrptpnkagc does not, so mrptpnkagc is less included than vqnsjyeljsoe
gbdoytabd comes with the territory while qlqb does not, so qlqb is less included than gbdoytabd
kwjhorqphj comes with the territory while ctfbgdybwk does not, so ctfbgdybwk is less included than kwjhorqphj
pirtts comes with the territory while excqpajtkbh does not, so excqpajtkbh is less included than pirtts
pgw comes with the territory while jnw does not, so pgw is not less included than jnw
rruoupee comes with the territory while vcop does not, so rruoupee is not less included than vcop
pfcgskrlga comes with the territory while kskuibpwb does not, so pfcgskrlga is not less included than kskuibpwb
hwkuyhr comes with the territory while vrosrwkmtetk does not, so hwkuyhr is not less included than vrosrwkmtetk
qbilmusda comes with the territory while xjpncp does not, so qbilmusda is not less included than xjpncp
jnw comes with the territory while pgw does not, so pgw is not more included than jnw
vcop comes with the territory while rruoupee does not, so rruoupee is not more included than vcop
kskuibpwb comes with the territory while pfcgskrlga does not, so pfcgskrlga is not more included than kskuibpwb
vrosrwkmtetk comes with the territory while hwkuyhr does not, so hwkuyhr is not more included than vrosrwkmtetk
xjpncp comes with the territory while qbilmusda does not, so qbilmusda is not more included than xjpncp
jdqsmr takes the leash while tra does not, so jdqsmr is more dutiful than tra
qkkz takes the leash while cpqoajhl does not, so qkkz is more dutiful than cpqoajhl
bottrsga takes the leash while njunwjjtuju does not, so bottrsga is more dutiful than njunwjjtuju
fzvxxovfz takes the leash while luon does not, so fzvxxovfz is more dutiful than luon
bfglrfqr takes the leash while btnlhiu does not, so bfglrfqr is more dutiful than btnlhiu
jdqsmr takes the leash while tra does not, so tra is less dutiful than jdqsmr
qkkz takes the leash while cpqoajhl does not, so cpqoajhl is less dutiful than qkkz
bottrsga takes the leash while njunwjjtuju does not, so njunwjjtuju is less dutiful than bottrsga
fzvxxovfz takes the leash while luon does not, so luon is less dutiful than fzvxxovfz
bfglrfqr takes the leash while btnlhiu does not, so btnlhiu is less dutiful than bfglrfqr
grdd takes the leash while troclammtifb does not, so grdd is not less dutiful than troclammtifb
juknjbfqlob takes the leash while olgpkpv does not, so juknjbfqlob is not less dutiful than olgpkpv
dthu takes the leash while dyyjdjfsa does not, so dthu is not less dutiful than dyyjdjfsa
zcssnn takes the leash while gyqrsex does not, so zcssnn is not less dutiful than gyqrsex
dcwaeuwhkhtm takes the leash while ihhwdb does not, so dcwaeuwhkhtm is not less dutiful than ihhwdb
troclammtifb takes the leash while grdd does not, so grdd is not more dutiful than troclammtifb
olgpkpv takes the leash while juknjbfqlob does not, so juknjbfqlob is not more dutiful than olgpkpv
dyyjdjfsa takes the leash while dthu does not, so dthu is not more dutiful than dyyjdjfsa
gyqrsex takes the leash while zcssnn does not, so zcssnn is not more dutiful than gyqrsex
ihhwdb takes the leash while dcwaeuwhkhtm does not, so dcwaeuwhkhtm is not more dutiful than ihhwdb
xxlflxprgkkv wants to stay while vpeqsjctkbfw does not, so xxlflxprgkkv is more committed than vpeqsjctkbfw
zkslggotdzbg wants to stay while jwtljvldq does not, so zkslggotdzbg is more committed than jwtljvldq
rxh wants to stay while outznwmsgmwi does not, so rxh is more committed than outznwmsgmwi
zidqpptstl wants to stay while zttyftxu does not, so zidqpptstl is more committed than zttyftxu
joirjr wants to stay while dqp does not, so joirjr is more committed than dqp
xxlflxprgkkv wants to stay while vpeqsjctkbfw does not, so vpeqsjctkbfw is less committed than xxlflxprgkkv
zkslggotdzbg wants to stay while jwtljvldq does not, so jwtljvldq is less committed than zkslggotdzbg
rxh wants to stay while outznwmsgmwi does not, so outznwmsgmwi is less committed than rxh
zidqpptstl wants to stay while zttyftxu does not, so zttyftxu is less committed than zidqpptstl
joirjr wants to stay while dqp does not, so dqp is less committed than joirjr
fltqrz wants to stay while adeivgqjsnxy does not, so fltqrz is not less committed than adeivgqjsnxy
oumpjotfgmf wants to stay while qfu does not, so oumpjotfgmf is not less committed than qfu
usnydx wants to stay while lwlsfbklvd does not, so usnydx is not less committed than lwlsfbklvd
keyzkj wants to stay while tqdn does not, so keyzkj is not less committed than tqdn
lxwolunyu wants to stay while rlbjyo does not, so lxwolunyu is not less committed than rlbjyo
adeivgqjsnxy wants to stay while fltqrz does not, so fltqrz is not more committed than adeivgqjsnxy
qfu wants to stay while oumpjotfgmf does not, so oumpjotfgmf is not more committed than qfu
lwlsfbklvd wants to stay while usnydx does not, so usnydx is not more committed than lwlsfbklvd
tqdn wants to stay while keyzkj does not, so keyzkj is not more committed than tqdn
rlbjyo wants to stay while lxwolunyu does not, so lxwolunyu is not more committed than rlbjyo
cdwj breaks another person's arm while yaajzdggrs does not, so cdwj is more violent than yaajzdggrs
sbrp breaks another person's arm while vdopv does not, so sbrp is more violent than vdopv
mujnxdznfd breaks another person's arm while rpsloar does not, so mujnxdznfd is more violent than rpsloar
stzdmpskdbn breaks another person's arm while luddyym does not, so stzdmpskdbn is more violent than luddyym
ysppxyikaj breaks another person's arm while tojzpxvn does not, so ysppxyikaj is more violent than tojzpxvn
cdwj breaks another person's arm while yaajzdggrs does not, so yaajzdggrs is less violent than cdwj
sbrp breaks another person's arm while vdopv does not, so vdopv is less violent than sbrp
mujnxdznfd breaks another person's arm while rpsloar does not, so rpsloar is less violent than mujnxdznfd
stzdmpskdbn breaks another person's arm while luddyym does not, so luddyym is less violent than stzdmpskdbn
ysppxyikaj breaks another person's arm while tojzpxvn does not, so tojzpxvn is less violent than ysppxyikaj
suemt breaks another person's arm while xagqfjvecta does not, so suemt is not less violent than xagqfjvecta
dqry breaks another person's arm while thnxrmjaiyvg does not, so dqry is not less violent than thnxrmjaiyvg
tadvcacxv breaks another person's arm while bqkajnmgnl does not, so tadvcacxv is not less violent than bqkajnmgnl
uibslt breaks another person's arm while mlqo does not, so uibslt is not less violent than mlqo
ojscjoh breaks another person's arm while rizchh does not, so ojscjoh is not less violent than rizchh
xagqfjvecta breaks another person's arm while suemt does not, so suemt is not more violent than xagqfjvecta
thnxrmjaiyvg breaks another person's arm while dqry does not, so dqry is not more violent than thnxrmjaiyvg
bqkajnmgnl breaks another person's arm while tadvcacxv does not, so tadvcacxv is not more violent than bqkajnmgnl
mlqo breaks another person's arm while uibslt does not, so uibslt is not more violent than mlqo
rizchh breaks another person's arm while ojscjoh does not, so ojscjoh is not more violent than rizchh
xykyqhzed gets so angry while uhecgogn does not, so xykyqhzed is more moody than uhecgogn
dnui gets so angry while fqyombqbor does not, so dnui is more moody than fqyombqbor
gsfoesviu gets so angry while pzqizf does not, so gsfoesviu is more moody than pzqizf
omixvetatz gets so angry while fsndunbmzbsv does not, so omixvetatz is more moody than fsndunbmzbsv
ubkvqe gets so angry while prykrfjnhlsb does not, so ubkvqe is more moody than prykrfjnhlsb
xykyqhzed gets so angry while uhecgogn does not, so uhecgogn is less moody than xykyqhzed
dnui gets so angry while fqyombqbor does not, so fqyombqbor is less moody than dnui
gsfoesviu gets so angry while pzqizf does not, so pzqizf is less moody than gsfoesviu
omixvetatz gets so angry while fsndunbmzbsv does not, so fsndunbmzbsv is less moody than omixvetatz
ubkvqe gets so angry while prykrfjnhlsb does not, so prykrfjnhlsb is less moody than ubkvqe
jnmyhsl gets so angry while wpyc does not, so jnmyhsl is not less moody than wpyc
dvjjfse gets so angry while meiu does not, so dvjjfse is not less moody than meiu
svkwszljjt gets so angry while clfsgi does not, so svkwszljjt is not less moody than clfsgi
tvaodd gets so angry while wmef does not, so tvaodd is not less moody than wmef
zfahkj gets so angry while xetwzykbnbxt does not, so zfahkj is not less moody than xetwzykbnbxt
wpyc gets so angry while jnmyhsl does not, so jnmyhsl is not more moody than wpyc
meiu gets so angry while dvjjfse does not, so dvjjfse is not more moody than meiu
clfsgi gets so angry while svkwszljjt does not, so svkwszljjt is not more moody than clfsgi
wmef gets so angry while tvaodd does not, so tvaodd is not more moody than wmef
xetwzykbnbxt gets so angry while zfahkj does not, so zfahkj is not more moody than xetwzykbnbxt
zrhmdh takes their mom while aoukseksx does not, so zrhmdh is less mean than aoukseksx
yldqb takes their mom while wwglb does not, so yldqb is less mean than wwglb
pavicxpglvyh takes their mom while eskkilvoebw does not, so pavicxpglvyh is less mean than eskkilvoebw
rgtxuv takes their mom while lhwdquhbs does not, so rgtxuv is less mean than lhwdquhbs
fqsmkwi takes their mom while gsikwxywwhu does not, so fqsmkwi is less mean than gsikwxywwhu
zrhmdh takes their mom while aoukseksx does not, so aoukseksx is less mean than zrhmdh
yldqb takes their mom while wwglb does not, so wwglb is less mean than yldqb
pavicxpglvyh takes their mom while eskkilvoebw does not, so eskkilvoebw is less mean than pavicxpglvyh
rgtxuv takes their mom while lhwdquhbs does not, so lhwdquhbs is less mean than rgtxuv
fqsmkwi takes their mom while gsikwxywwhu does not, so gsikwxywwhu is less mean than fqsmkwi
mthmbljf takes their mom while cplrnniztarh does not, so mthmbljf is not less mean than cplrnniztarh
engtetegulfg takes their mom while gmfip does not, so engtetegulfg is not less mean than gmfip
yqz takes their mom while awggdsvxt does not, so yqz is not less mean than awggdsvxt
gpcsw takes their mom while wml does not, so gpcsw is not less mean than wml
afupifmhse takes their mom while eqgdhvxgnpuk does not, so afupifmhse is not less mean than eqgdhvxgnpuk
cplrnniztarh takes their mom while mthmbljf does not, so mthmbljf is not more mean than cplrnniztarh
gmfip takes their mom while engtetegulfg does not, so engtetegulfg is not more mean than gmfip
awggdsvxt takes their mom while yqz does not, so yqz is not more mean than awggdsvxt
wml takes their mom while gpcsw does not, so gpcsw is not more mean than wml
eqgdhvxgnpuk takes their mom while afupifmhse does not, so afupifmhse is not more mean than eqgdhvxgnpuk
oumnbfnaxf goes car shopping while cvjrtt does not, so oumnbfnaxf is less energetic than cvjrtt
tlcslv goes car shopping while lqziml does not, so tlcslv is less energetic than lqziml
cdblakmrlgwl goes car shopping while ytta does not, so cdblakmrlgwl is less energetic than ytta
bckfcndxm goes car shopping while lrwzp does not, so bckfcndxm is less energetic than lrwzp
acodo goes car shopping while jffv does not, so acodo is less energetic than jffv
oumnbfnaxf goes car shopping while cvjrtt does not, so cvjrtt is less energetic than oumnbfnaxf
tlcslv goes car shopping while lqziml does not, so lqziml is less energetic than tlcslv
cdblakmrlgwl goes car shopping while ytta does not, so ytta is less energetic than cdblakmrlgwl
bckfcndxm goes car shopping while lrwzp does not, so lrwzp is less energetic than bckfcndxm
acodo goes car shopping while jffv does not, so jffv is less energetic than acodo
kmvry goes car shopping while qoq does not, so kmvry is not less energetic than qoq
efnbvdxmn goes car shopping while pkcmkqd does not, so efnbvdxmn is not less energetic than pkcmkqd
dgahhgi goes car shopping while hkxpooydvzv does not, so dgahhgi is not less energetic than hkxpooydvzv
psogzaqdawuf goes car shopping while zwwembv does not, so psogzaqdawuf is not less energetic than zwwembv
wyeo goes car shopping while iwkphacier does not, so wyeo is not less energetic than iwkphacier
qoq goes car shopping while kmvry does not, so kmvry is not more energetic than qoq
pkcmkqd goes car shopping while efnbvdxmn does not, so efnbvdxmn is not more energetic than pkcmkqd
hkxpooydvzv goes car shopping while dgahhgi does not, so dgahhgi is not more energetic than hkxpooydvzv
zwwembv goes car shopping while psogzaqdawuf does not, so psogzaqdawuf is not more energetic than zwwembv
iwkphacier goes car shopping while wyeo does not, so wyeo is not more energetic than iwkphacier
exu schedules an interview while dnyrmcgs does not, so exu is more ambitious than dnyrmcgs
fjejkbjpcb schedules an interview while xegdaklmzf does not, so fjejkbjpcb is more ambitious than xegdaklmzf
jqvkugvz schedules an interview while xvrvsnpxlzqr does not, so jqvkugvz is more ambitious than xvrvsnpxlzqr
mtqs schedules an interview while uflqsw does not, so mtqs is more ambitious than uflqsw
bdrgnsfcnnq schedules an interview while qeorto does not, so bdrgnsfcnnq is more ambitious than qeorto
exu schedules an interview while dnyrmcgs does not, so dnyrmcgs is less ambitious than exu
fjejkbjpcb schedules an interview while xegdaklmzf does not, so xegdaklmzf is less ambitious than fjejkbjpcb
jqvkugvz schedules an interview while xvrvsnpxlzqr does not, so xvrvsnpxlzqr is less ambitious than jqvkugvz
mtqs schedules an interview while uflqsw does not, so uflqsw is less ambitious than mtqs
bdrgnsfcnnq schedules an interview while qeorto does not, so qeorto is less ambitious than bdrgnsfcnnq
svujvehaueqr schedules an interview while skagnsmzak does not, so svujvehaueqr is not less ambitious than skagnsmzak
txlkzoa schedules an interview while slolcqthrm does not, so txlkzoa is not less ambitious than slolcqthrm
trtisdk schedules an interview while moaxmkxtdr does not, so trtisdk is not less ambitious than moaxmkxtdr
hrhqheqqp schedules an interview while cklgpqqv does not, so hrhqheqqp is not less ambitious than cklgpqqv
lqkviftufa schedules an interview while pvmkos does not, so lqkviftufa is not less ambitious than pvmkos
skagnsmzak schedules an interview while svujvehaueqr does not, so svujvehaueqr is not more ambitious than skagnsmzak
slolcqthrm schedules an interview while txlkzoa does not, so txlkzoa is not more ambitious than slolcqthrm
moaxmkxtdr schedules an interview while trtisdk does not, so trtisdk is not more ambitious than moaxmkxtdr
cklgpqqv schedules an interview while hrhqheqqp does not, so hrhqheqqp is not more ambitious than cklgpqqv
pvmkos schedules an interview while lqkviftufa does not, so lqkviftufa is not more ambitious than pvmkos
eddjigh forms another person whole while xnkscipxxdpr does not, so eddjigh is more likely to be completing than xnkscipxxdpr
iscjicyhbng forms another person whole while eadpzsotymaz does not, so iscjicyhbng is more likely to be completing than eadpzsotymaz
ylgsghyzw forms another person whole while kth does not, so ylgsghyzw is more likely to be completing than kth
asvcrtfbruzu forms another person whole while xtn does not, so asvcrtfbruzu is more likely to be completing than xtn
smhlatqepuuk forms another person whole while nri does not, so smhlatqepuuk is more likely to be completing than nri
eddjigh forms another person whole while xnkscipxxdpr does not, so xnkscipxxdpr is less capable of completing than eddjigh
iscjicyhbng forms another person whole while eadpzsotymaz does not, so eadpzsotymaz is less capable of completing than iscjicyhbng
ylgsghyzw forms another person whole while kth does not, so kth is less capable of completing than ylgsghyzw
asvcrtfbruzu forms another person whole while xtn does not, so xtn is less capable of completing than asvcrtfbruzu
smhlatqepuuk forms another person whole while nri does not, so nri is less capable of completing than smhlatqepuuk
kuv forms another person whole while hvvwbpcqfdo does not, so kuv is not less capable of completing than hvvwbpcqfdo
bsvbunoyyaw forms another person whole while slafvhfct does not, so bsvbunoyyaw is not less capable of completing than slafvhfct
wccsg forms another person whole while pgaosuwkv does not, so wccsg is not less capable of completing than pgaosuwkv
qohtvbksxf forms another person whole while hfozk does not, so qohtvbksxf is not less capable of completing than hfozk
rrum forms another person whole while tcnve does not, so rrum is not less capable of completing than tcnve
hvvwbpcqfdo forms another person whole while kuv does not, so kuv is not more capable of completing than hvvwbpcqfdo
slafvhfct forms another person whole while bsvbunoyyaw does not, so bsvbunoyyaw is not more capable of completing than slafvhfct
pgaosuwkv forms another person whole while wccsg does not, so wccsg is not more capable of completing than pgaosuwkv
hfozk forms another person whole while qohtvbksxf does not, so qohtvbksxf is not more capable of completing than hfozk
tcnve forms another person whole while rrum does not, so rrum is not more capable of completing than tcnve
qutk wants to go to the park while yecqmexdcliq does not, so qutk is more motivated than yecqmexdcliq
ktitwddlpi wants to go to the park while yjjzpcmiw does not, so ktitwddlpi is more motivated than yjjzpcmiw
ejbyfc wants to go to the park while ujlomvrphjqn does not, so ejbyfc is more motivated than ujlomvrphjqn
btwgnmnjhps wants to go to the park while sajufs does not, so btwgnmnjhps is more motivated than sajufs
byffovsvclgc wants to go to the park while tfuezheizvsf does not, so byffovsvclgc is more motivated than tfuezheizvsf
qutk wants to go to the park while yecqmexdcliq does not, so yecqmexdcliq is less motivated than qutk
ktitwddlpi wants to go to the park while yjjzpcmiw does not, so yjjzpcmiw is less motivated than ktitwddlpi
ejbyfc wants to go to the park while ujlomvrphjqn does not, so ujlomvrphjqn is less motivated than ejbyfc
btwgnmnjhps wants to go to the park while sajufs does not, so sajufs is less motivated than btwgnmnjhps
byffovsvclgc wants to go to the park while tfuezheizvsf does not, so tfuezheizvsf is less motivated than byffovsvclgc
qrb wants to go to the park while pgn does not, so qrb is not less motivated than pgn
eqdblzxsxdo wants to go to the park while qbxbrmcpnl does not, so eqdblzxsxdo is not less motivated than qbxbrmcpnl
kuqrajltuzua wants to go to the park while vpbxitkrd does not, so kuqrajltuzua is not less motivated than vpbxitkrd
wtapr wants to go to the park while kjrkkptduhn does not, so wtapr is not less motivated than kjrkkptduhn
lmwtiqtbifup wants to go to the park while qzw does not, so lmwtiqtbifup is not less motivated than qzw
pgn wants to go to the park while qrb does not, so qrb is not more motivated than pgn
qbxbrmcpnl wants to go to the park while eqdblzxsxdo does not, so eqdblzxsxdo is not more motivated than qbxbrmcpnl
vpbxitkrd wants to go to the park while kuqrajltuzua does not, so kuqrajltuzua is not more motivated than vpbxitkrd
kjrkkptduhn wants to go to the park while wtapr does not, so wtapr is not more motivated than kjrkkptduhn
qzw wants to go to the park while lmwtiqtbifup does not, so lmwtiqtbifup is not more motivated than qzw
ecbvmuus seems like another person while lnkzjtyaj does not, so ecbvmuus is more similar than lnkzjtyaj
pdpbq seems like another person while crmaoqbhoxzz does not, so pdpbq is more similar than crmaoqbhoxzz
aisq seems like another person while nibtlufkcot does not, so aisq is more similar than nibtlufkcot
ekpkyieffd seems like another person while coqigiclcyk does not, so ekpkyieffd is more similar than coqigiclcyk
vcrs seems like another person while brkpjywfsxu does not, so vcrs is more similar than brkpjywfsxu
ecbvmuus seems like another person while lnkzjtyaj does not, so lnkzjtyaj is less similar than ecbvmuus
pdpbq seems like another person while crmaoqbhoxzz does not, so crmaoqbhoxzz is less similar than pdpbq
aisq seems like another person while nibtlufkcot does not, so nibtlufkcot is less similar than aisq
ekpkyieffd seems like another person while coqigiclcyk does not, so coqigiclcyk is less similar than ekpkyieffd
vcrs seems like another person while brkpjywfsxu does not, so brkpjywfsxu is less similar than vcrs
krpquhnkwe seems like another person while cctf does not, so krpquhnkwe is not less similar than cctf
mxpikskrwg seems like another person while nimqyqbvsbsq does not, so mxpikskrwg is not less similar than nimqyqbvsbsq
twvzgrmtikc seems like another person while udtkqacfah does not, so twvzgrmtikc is not less similar than udtkqacfah
luyqwsns seems like another person while umln does not, so luyqwsns is not less similar than umln
zwfyd seems like another person while rup does not, so zwfyd is not less similar than rup
cctf seems like another person while krpquhnkwe does not, so krpquhnkwe is not more similar than cctf
nimqyqbvsbsq seems like another person while mxpikskrwg does not, so mxpikskrwg is not more similar than nimqyqbvsbsq
udtkqacfah seems like another person while twvzgrmtikc does not, so twvzgrmtikc is not more similar than udtkqacfah
umln seems like another person while luyqwsns does not, so luyqwsns is not more similar than umln
rup seems like another person while zwfyd does not, so zwfyd is not more similar than rup
qgwigchu maintains another person level while qdnmdnakdkq does not, so qgwigchu is more competitive than qdnmdnakdkq
mtjptlknil maintains another person level while cvbqmovnukkm does not, so mtjptlknil is more competitive than cvbqmovnukkm
axuwkltteaiw maintains another person level while lmmk does not, so axuwkltteaiw is more competitive than lmmk
zklpj maintains another person level while vjmqcp does not, so zklpj is more competitive than vjmqcp
vdlutbdt maintains another person level while dtikb does not, so vdlutbdt is more competitive than dtikb
qgwigchu maintains another person level while qdnmdnakdkq does not, so qdnmdnakdkq is less competitive than qgwigchu
mtjptlknil maintains another person level while cvbqmovnukkm does not, so cvbqmovnukkm is less competitive than mtjptlknil
axuwkltteaiw maintains another person level while lmmk does not, so lmmk is less competitive than axuwkltteaiw
zklpj maintains another person level while vjmqcp does not, so vjmqcp is less competitive than zklpj
vdlutbdt maintains another person level while dtikb does not, so dtikb is less competitive than vdlutbdt
ctsze maintains another person level while cypwdp does not, so ctsze is not less competitive than cypwdp
nywuxgclcj maintains another person level while ehvmzgw does not, so nywuxgclcj is not less competitive than ehvmzgw
vgjhxzwzh maintains another person level while btu does not, so vgjhxzwzh is not less competitive than btu
yrqig maintains another person level while twbqpo does not, so yrqig is not less competitive than twbqpo
pckoyn maintains another person level while hga does not, so pckoyn is not less competitive than hga
cypwdp maintains another person level while ctsze does not, so ctsze is not more competitive than cypwdp
ehvmzgw maintains another person level while nywuxgclcj does not, so nywuxgclcj is not more competitive than ehvmzgw
btu maintains another person level while vgjhxzwzh does not, so vgjhxzwzh is not more competitive than btu
twbqpo maintains another person level while yrqig does not, so yrqig is not more competitive than twbqpo
hga maintains another person level while pckoyn does not, so pckoyn is not more competitive than hga
sicloeayct walks along while abjpfavre does not, so sicloeayct is more contemplative than abjpfavre
fdyc walks along while psxetdg does not, so fdyc is more contemplative than psxetdg
zddccn walks along while twcnd does not, so zddccn is more contemplative than twcnd
sptybnd walks along while qnv does not, so sptybnd is more contemplative than qnv
fynpn walks along while dhcpfdgrgvi does not, so fynpn is more contemplative than dhcpfdgrgvi
sicloeayct walks along while abjpfavre does not, so abjpfavre is less contemplative than sicloeayct
fdyc walks along while psxetdg does not, so psxetdg is less contemplative than fdyc
zddccn walks along while twcnd does not, so twcnd is less contemplative than zddccn
sptybnd walks along while qnv does not, so qnv is less contemplative than sptybnd
fynpn walks along while dhcpfdgrgvi does not, so dhcpfdgrgvi is less contemplative than fynpn
gidmvsauxnq walks along while juxdqetwiqo does not, so gidmvsauxnq is not less contemplative than juxdqetwiqo
lzovmhcmzrle walks along while urxypjet does not, so lzovmhcmzrle is not less contemplative than urxypjet
kzx walks along while wcfdizypmdg does not, so kzx is not less contemplative than wcfdizypmdg
ktq walks along while iiqyg does not, so ktq is not less contemplative than iiqyg
ijyxqviuhmzq walks along while bopdbfdwxj does not, so ijyxqviuhmzq is not less contemplative than bopdbfdwxj
juxdqetwiqo walks along while gidmvsauxnq does not, so gidmvsauxnq is not more contemplative than juxdqetwiqo
urxypjet walks along while lzovmhcmzrle does not, so lzovmhcmzrle is not more contemplative than urxypjet
wcfdizypmdg walks along while kzx does not, so kzx is not more contemplative than wcfdizypmdg
iiqyg walks along while ktq does not, so ktq is not more contemplative than iiqyg
bopdbfdwxj walks along while ijyxqviuhmzq does not, so ijyxqviuhmzq is not more contemplative than bopdbfdwxj
pkeelbw does their utmost while waywwuimq does not, so pkeelbw is more goal-oriented than waywwuimq
terhcigumk does their utmost while ocvrbgllvxaj does not, so terhcigumk is more goal-oriented than ocvrbgllvxaj
knvodivaeij does their utmost while fzrcr does not, so knvodivaeij is more goal-oriented than fzrcr
qkqqwclttpad does their utmost while zyow does not, so qkqqwclttpad is more goal-oriented than zyow
fuqts does their utmost while womoezisf does not, so fuqts is more goal-oriented than womoezisf
pkeelbw does their utmost while waywwuimq does not, so waywwuimq is less goal-oriented than pkeelbw
terhcigumk does their utmost while ocvrbgllvxaj does not, so ocvrbgllvxaj is less goal-oriented than terhcigumk
knvodivaeij does their utmost while fzrcr does not, so fzrcr is less goal-oriented than knvodivaeij
qkqqwclttpad does their utmost while zyow does not, so zyow is less goal-oriented than qkqqwclttpad
fuqts does their utmost while womoezisf does not, so womoezisf is less goal-oriented than fuqts
zcfixqoeygag does their utmost while ouenqo does not, so zcfixqoeygag is not less goal-oriented than ouenqo
edxret does their utmost while ill does not, so edxret is not less goal-oriented than ill
uuk does their utmost while grahcw does not, so uuk is not less goal-oriented than grahcw
fmikhbpgykfx does their utmost while qexvbmechpoq does not, so fmikhbpgykfx is not less goal-oriented than qexvbmechpoq
igctuxypmgts does their utmost while guvfhsgb does not, so igctuxypmgts is not less goal-oriented than guvfhsgb
ouenqo does their utmost while zcfixqoeygag does not, so zcfixqoeygag is not more goal-oriented than ouenqo
ill does their utmost while edxret does not, so edxret is not more goal-oriented than ill
grahcw does their utmost while uuk does not, so uuk is not more goal-oriented than grahcw
qexvbmechpoq does their utmost while fmikhbpgykfx does not, so fmikhbpgykfx is not more goal-oriented than qexvbmechpoq
guvfhsgb does their utmost while igctuxypmgts does not, so igctuxypmgts is not more goal-oriented than guvfhsgb
ncluyvrbfnrm goes home for the day while myxhhuv does not, so ncluyvrbfnrm is more tired than myxhhuv
rdem goes home for the day while rquyecy does not, so rdem is more tired than rquyecy
tyrs goes home for the day while mpjlvuyyb does not, so tyrs is more tired than mpjlvuyyb
xsocjinvkzcm goes home for the day while thejjmh does not, so xsocjinvkzcm is more tired than thejjmh
gttyv goes home for the day while zisguvvkeab does not, so gttyv is more tired than zisguvvkeab
ncluyvrbfnrm goes home for the day while myxhhuv does not, so myxhhuv is less tired than ncluyvrbfnrm
rdem goes home for the day while rquyecy does not, so rquyecy is less tired than rdem
tyrs goes home for the day while mpjlvuyyb does not, so mpjlvuyyb is less tired than tyrs
xsocjinvkzcm goes home for the day while thejjmh does not, so thejjmh is less tired than xsocjinvkzcm
gttyv goes home for the day while zisguvvkeab does not, so zisguvvkeab is less tired than gttyv
rkfbsobcwo goes home for the day while xvqbnlwlnobb does not, so rkfbsobcwo is not less tired than xvqbnlwlnobb
buufcphu goes home for the day while qetpfnwww does not, so buufcphu is not less tired than qetpfnwww
zuerhvz goes home for the day while vnjvn does not, so zuerhvz is not less tired than vnjvn
khuqnkiek goes home for the day while knggblse does not, so khuqnkiek is not less tired than knggblse
jdaldzvzyqh goes home for the day while piqiihzjw does not, so jdaldzvzyqh is not less tired than piqiihzjw
xvqbnlwlnobb goes home for the day while rkfbsobcwo does not, so rkfbsobcwo is not more tired than xvqbnlwlnobb
qetpfnwww goes home for the day while buufcphu does not, so buufcphu is not more tired than qetpfnwww
vnjvn goes home for the day while zuerhvz does not, so zuerhvz is not more tired than vnjvn
knggblse goes home for the day while khuqnkiek does not, so khuqnkiek is not more tired than knggblse
piqiihzjw goes home for the day while jdaldzvzyqh does not, so jdaldzvzyqh is not more tired than piqiihzjw
oljuprsjgyr faces an uneasy future while fghu does not, so oljuprsjgyr is more ambiguous than fghu
jnizqkbtut faces an uneasy future while dpjqyzmflfe does not, so jnizqkbtut is more ambiguous than dpjqyzmflfe
enwfagaqpsc faces an uneasy future while wfvhojtwonbz does not, so enwfagaqpsc is more ambiguous than wfvhojtwonbz
rvekjswr faces an uneasy future while mzhezm does not, so rvekjswr is more ambiguous than mzhezm
qpxtjebc faces an uneasy future while xhyaikpgfgyd does not, so qpxtjebc is more ambiguous than xhyaikpgfgyd
oljuprsjgyr faces an uneasy future while fghu does not, so fghu is less ambiguous than oljuprsjgyr
jnizqkbtut faces an uneasy future while dpjqyzmflfe does not, so dpjqyzmflfe is less ambiguous than jnizqkbtut
enwfagaqpsc faces an uneasy future while wfvhojtwonbz does not, so wfvhojtwonbz is less ambiguous than enwfagaqpsc
rvekjswr faces an uneasy future while mzhezm does not, so mzhezm is less ambiguous than rvekjswr
qpxtjebc faces an uneasy future while xhyaikpgfgyd does not, so xhyaikpgfgyd is less ambiguous than qpxtjebc
pfkvpsusua faces an uneasy future while wbhxqa does not, so pfkvpsusua is not less ambiguous than wbhxqa
uoi faces an uneasy future while ipsinkg does not, so uoi is not less ambiguous than ipsinkg
pmpoxelb faces an uneasy future while ineabgabku does not, so pmpoxelb is not less ambiguous than ineabgabku
fpdksvyjuwmd faces an uneasy future while zkvt does not, so fpdksvyjuwmd is not less ambiguous than zkvt
myrwpwlkczv faces an uneasy future while joqharzqk does not, so myrwpwlkczv is not less ambiguous than joqharzqk
wbhxqa faces an uneasy future while pfkvpsusua does not, so pfkvpsusua is not more ambiguous than wbhxqa
ipsinkg faces an uneasy future while uoi does not, so uoi is not more ambiguous than ipsinkg
ineabgabku faces an uneasy future while pmpoxelb does not, so pmpoxelb is not more ambiguous than ineabgabku
zkvt faces an uneasy future while fpdksvyjuwmd does not, so fpdksvyjuwmd is not more ambiguous than zkvt
joqharzqk faces an uneasy future while myrwpwlkczv does not, so myrwpwlkczv is not more ambiguous than joqharzqk
zqpjx eats at the restaurant while pzriub does not, so zqpjx is more lazy than pzriub
akhila eats at the restaurant while rnugitmmbwa does not, so akhila is more lazy than rnugitmmbwa
vxk eats at the restaurant while jawmb does not, so vxk is more lazy than jawmb
zplhtvaqr eats at the restaurant while xfrercb does not, so zplhtvaqr is more lazy than xfrercb
vlqojuckgnmr eats at the restaurant while bviidwoolee does not, so vlqojuckgnmr is more lazy than bviidwoolee
zqpjx eats at the restaurant while pzriub does not, so pzriub is less lazy than zqpjx
akhila eats at the restaurant while rnugitmmbwa does not, so rnugitmmbwa is less lazy than akhila
vxk eats at the restaurant while jawmb does not, so jawmb is less lazy than vxk
zplhtvaqr eats at the restaurant while xfrercb does not, so xfrercb is less lazy than zplhtvaqr
vlqojuckgnmr eats at the restaurant while bviidwoolee does not, so bviidwoolee is less lazy than vlqojuckgnmr
qlwrvmc eats at the restaurant while xgvtjp does not, so qlwrvmc is not less lazy than xgvtjp
uymkpeal eats at the restaurant while dcjgfezcdd does not, so uymkpeal is not less lazy than dcjgfezcdd
huvvlztin eats at the restaurant while vtisbo does not, so huvvlztin is not less lazy than vtisbo
ftjrqez eats at the restaurant while vfoxkbr does not, so ftjrqez is not less lazy than vfoxkbr
nsqurpkkl eats at the restaurant while znkxqcekjyh does not, so nsqurpkkl is not less lazy than znkxqcekjyh
xgvtjp eats at the restaurant while qlwrvmc does not, so qlwrvmc is not more lazy than xgvtjp
dcjgfezcdd eats at the restaurant while uymkpeal does not, so uymkpeal is not more lazy than dcjgfezcdd
vtisbo eats at the restaurant while huvvlztin does not, so huvvlztin is not more lazy than vtisbo
vfoxkbr eats at the restaurant while ftjrqez does not, so ftjrqez is not more lazy than vfoxkbr
znkxqcekjyh eats at the restaurant while nsqurpkkl does not, so nsqurpkkl is not more lazy than znkxqcekjyh
lsgql takes it to the shop while tpzw does not, so lsgql is more responsible than tpzw
ktkejmp takes it to the shop while gvbobfadk does not, so ktkejmp is more responsible than gvbobfadk
jtttazmtvha takes it to the shop while yvjoofsduynk does not, so jtttazmtvha is more responsible than yvjoofsduynk
dvziomc takes it to the shop while qdbofljhcu does not, so dvziomc is more responsible than qdbofljhcu
dip takes it to the shop while jzakdn does not, so dip is more responsible than jzakdn
lsgql takes it to the shop while tpzw does not, so tpzw is less responsible than lsgql
ktkejmp takes it to the shop while gvbobfadk does not, so gvbobfadk is less responsible than ktkejmp
jtttazmtvha takes it to the shop while yvjoofsduynk does not, so yvjoofsduynk is less responsible than jtttazmtvha
dvziomc takes it to the shop while qdbofljhcu does not, so qdbofljhcu is less responsible than dvziomc
dip takes it to the shop while jzakdn does not, so jzakdn is less responsible than dip
xrjqn takes it to the shop while hnlmsrosk does not, so xrjqn is not less responsible than hnlmsrosk
hvhjhdn takes it to the shop while xmnt does not, so hvhjhdn is not less responsible than xmnt
gyinyqnv takes it to the shop while nwjjhoabnhc does not, so gyinyqnv is not less responsible than nwjjhoabnhc
phtmrsvvdax takes it to the shop while qaqrvdykydvj does not, so phtmrsvvdax is not less responsible than qaqrvdykydvj
npoataqbxa takes it to the shop while pvncnntv does not, so npoataqbxa is not less responsible than pvncnntv
hnlmsrosk takes it to the shop while xrjqn does not, so xrjqn is not more responsible than hnlmsrosk
xmnt takes it to the shop while hvhjhdn does not, so hvhjhdn is not more responsible than xmnt
nwjjhoabnhc takes it to the shop while gyinyqnv does not, so gyinyqnv is not more responsible than nwjjhoabnhc
qaqrvdykydvj takes it to the shop while phtmrsvvdax does not, so phtmrsvvdax is not more responsible than qaqrvdykydvj
pvncnntv takes it to the shop while npoataqbxa does not, so npoataqbxa is not more responsible than pvncnntv
lnvqvyrr makes a long story short while ujxetanbpd does not, so lnvqvyrr is less creative than ujxetanbpd
cylfrxmcowc makes a long story short while pgdjoyqnmv does not, so cylfrxmcowc is less creative than pgdjoyqnmv
fzwkzjoqi makes a long story short while tremuena does not, so fzwkzjoqi is less creative than tremuena
dylggvddyjo makes a long story short while mwpilrtv does not, so dylggvddyjo is less creative than mwpilrtv
qeyzqbaesaz makes a long story short while jzdmr does not, so qeyzqbaesaz is less creative than jzdmr
lnvqvyrr makes a long story short while ujxetanbpd does not, so ujxetanbpd is less creative than lnvqvyrr
cylfrxmcowc makes a long story short while pgdjoyqnmv does not, so pgdjoyqnmv is less creative than cylfrxmcowc
fzwkzjoqi makes a long story short while tremuena does not, so tremuena is less creative than fzwkzjoqi
dylggvddyjo makes a long story short while mwpilrtv does not, so mwpilrtv is less creative than dylggvddyjo
qeyzqbaesaz makes a long story short while jzdmr does not, so jzdmr is less creative than qeyzqbaesaz
yfemumxiu makes a long story short while hmzwsui does not, so yfemumxiu is not less creative than hmzwsui
zeq makes a long story short while lhauwkycmc does not, so zeq is not less creative than lhauwkycmc
kfrbtlklfr makes a long story short while xersccced does not, so kfrbtlklfr is not less creative than xersccced
qgmahuk makes a long story short while sln does not, so qgmahuk is not less creative than sln
lojivekccrkv makes a long story short while rxmpctcuycsx does not, so lojivekccrkv is not less creative than rxmpctcuycsx
hmzwsui makes a long story short while yfemumxiu does not, so yfemumxiu is not more creative than hmzwsui
lhauwkycmc makes a long story short while zeq does not, so zeq is not more creative than lhauwkycmc
xersccced makes a long story short while kfrbtlklfr does not, so kfrbtlklfr is not more creative than xersccced
sln makes a long story short while qgmahuk does not, so qgmahuk is not more creative than sln
rxmpctcuycsx makes a long story short while lojivekccrkv does not, so lojivekccrkv is not more creative than rxmpctcuycsx
dxgye wastes food while bjhfawwrkip does not, so dxgye is less stuffed than bjhfawwrkip
ojhmcievt wastes food while apada does not, so ojhmcievt is less stuffed than apada
sexgyi wastes food while dxdgbzct does not, so sexgyi is less stuffed than dxdgbzct
uwjf wastes food while glffxspa does not, so uwjf is less stuffed than glffxspa
yuxqaibx wastes food while dgsw does not, so yuxqaibx is less stuffed than dgsw
dxgye wastes food while bjhfawwrkip does not, so bjhfawwrkip is less stuffed than dxgye
ojhmcievt wastes food while apada does not, so apada is less stuffed than ojhmcievt
sexgyi wastes food while dxdgbzct does not, so dxdgbzct is less stuffed than sexgyi
uwjf wastes food while glffxspa does not, so glffxspa is less stuffed than uwjf
yuxqaibx wastes food while dgsw does not, so dgsw is less stuffed than yuxqaibx
bsprcjs wastes food while ishplzgddt does not, so bsprcjs is not less stuffed than ishplzgddt
wnoly wastes food while ogbjpe does not, so wnoly is not less stuffed than ogbjpe
iuj wastes food while zkbwzku does not, so iuj is not less stuffed than zkbwzku
sakbb wastes food while vwxlrr does not, so sakbb is not less stuffed than vwxlrr
kgfveevniz wastes food while pacyaf does not, so kgfveevniz is not less stuffed than pacyaf
ishplzgddt wastes food while bsprcjs does not, so bsprcjs is not more stuffed than ishplzgddt
ogbjpe wastes food while wnoly does not, so wnoly is not more stuffed than ogbjpe
zkbwzku wastes food while iuj does not, so iuj is not more stuffed than zkbwzku
vwxlrr wastes food while sakbb does not, so sakbb is not more stuffed than vwxlrr
pacyaf wastes food while kgfveevniz does not, so kgfveevniz is not more stuffed than pacyaf
nbegodlqp pays their electric bill while ppofsh does not, so nbegodlqp is more helpful than ppofsh
sbhzkavg pays their electric bill while zhwaufh does not, so sbhzkavg is more helpful than zhwaufh
iokbyovu pays their electric bill while udgc does not, so iokbyovu is more helpful than udgc
zfrwarjwoo pays their electric bill while cxg does not, so zfrwarjwoo is more helpful than cxg
gsfbbfw pays their electric bill while itdheqxlid does not, so gsfbbfw is more helpful than itdheqxlid
nbegodlqp pays their electric bill while ppofsh does not, so ppofsh is less helpful than nbegodlqp
sbhzkavg pays their electric bill while zhwaufh does not, so zhwaufh is less helpful than sbhzkavg
iokbyovu pays their electric bill while udgc does not, so udgc is less helpful than iokbyovu
zfrwarjwoo pays their electric bill while cxg does not, so cxg is less helpful than zfrwarjwoo
gsfbbfw pays their electric bill while itdheqxlid does not, so itdheqxlid is less helpful than gsfbbfw
lofgnhan pays their electric bill while zbteqmyyzytl does not, so lofgnhan is not less helpful than zbteqmyyzytl
imaggtx pays their electric bill while iaveqq does not, so imaggtx is not less helpful than iaveqq
ixwyodj pays their electric bill while ohxnlfvsie does not, so ixwyodj is not less helpful than ohxnlfvsie
stwliedzasde pays their electric bill while zowtkwt does not, so stwliedzasde is not less helpful than zowtkwt
lzjjubzq pays their electric bill while okhsaerltlz does not, so lzjjubzq is not less helpful than okhsaerltlz
zbteqmyyzytl pays their electric bill while lofgnhan does not, so lofgnhan is not more helpful than zbteqmyyzytl
iaveqq pays their electric bill while imaggtx does not, so imaggtx is not more helpful than iaveqq
ohxnlfvsie pays their electric bill while ixwyodj does not, so ixwyodj is not more helpful than ohxnlfvsie
zowtkwt pays their electric bill while stwliedzasde does not, so stwliedzasde is not more helpful than zowtkwt
okhsaerltlz pays their electric bill while lzjjubzq does not, so lzjjubzq is not more helpful than okhsaerltlz
boowirygp is able to spots check while vfuwusdq does not, so boowirygp is more talented than vfuwusdq
ixggd is able to spots check while ntpyxbyzn does not, so ixggd is more talented than ntpyxbyzn
jqzhhnt is able to spots check while lutkdztwoghz does not, so jqzhhnt is more talented than lutkdztwoghz
adl is able to spots check while xvdlump does not, so adl is more talented than xvdlump
dmgsfayippf is able to spots check while begchvz does not, so dmgsfayippf is more talented than begchvz
boowirygp can be used to spots check while vfuwusdq cannot, so vfuwusdq is less talented than boowirygp
ixggd can be used to spots check while ntpyxbyzn cannot, so ntpyxbyzn is less talented than ixggd
jqzhhnt can be used to spots check while lutkdztwoghz cannot, so lutkdztwoghz is less talented than jqzhhnt
adl can be used to spots check while xvdlump cannot, so xvdlump is less talented than adl
dmgsfayippf can be used to spots check while begchvz cannot, so begchvz is less talented than dmgsfayippf
qtdjoh is able to spots check while mtreez is not, so qtdjoh is not less talented than mtreez
hncnskxh is able to spots check while nqskwrku is not, so hncnskxh is not less talented than nqskwrku
clan is able to spots check while psd is not, so clan is not less talented than psd
utuy is able to spots check while hggfdpnx is not, so utuy is not less talented than hggfdpnx
txuz is able to spots check while uqsoztnrtab is not, so txuz is not less talented than uqsoztnrtab
mtreez is able to spots check while qtdjoh is not, so qtdjoh is not more talented than mtreez
nqskwrku is able to spots check while hncnskxh is not, so hncnskxh is not more talented than nqskwrku
psd is able to spots check while clan is not, so clan is not more talented than psd
hggfdpnx is able to spots check while utuy is not, so utuy is not more talented than hggfdpnx
uqsoztnrtab is able to spots check while txuz is not, so txuz is not more talented than uqsoztnrtab
fnfxdmrztwyj grabs another person by the arm while shnlhy does not, so fnfxdmrztwyj is more aggressive than shnlhy
oeqvoh grabs another person by the arm while hvq does not, so oeqvoh is more aggressive than hvq
nqgg grabs another person by the arm while cfxziae does not, so nqgg is more aggressive than cfxziae
xdpglpnifxvf grabs another person by the arm while ydlho does not, so xdpglpnifxvf is more aggressive than ydlho
kwxtvkpmolhh grabs another person by the arm while aaxghvupm does not, so kwxtvkpmolhh is more aggressive than aaxghvupm
fnfxdmrztwyj grabs another person by the arm while shnlhy does not, so shnlhy is more aggressive than fnfxdmrztwyj
oeqvoh grabs another person by the arm while hvq does not, so hvq is more aggressive than oeqvoh
nqgg grabs another person by the arm while cfxziae does not, so cfxziae is more aggressive than nqgg
xdpglpnifxvf grabs another person by the arm while ydlho does not, so ydlho is more aggressive than xdpglpnifxvf
kwxtvkpmolhh grabs another person by the arm while aaxghvupm does not, so aaxghvupm is more aggressive than kwxtvkpmolhh
zdvztfnm grabs another person by the arm while wzwu does not, so zdvztfnm is not less aggressive than wzwu
bbggur grabs another person by the arm while nqlpj does not, so bbggur is not less aggressive than nqlpj
pgbibutdlgkk grabs another person by the arm while xlbiain does not, so pgbibutdlgkk is not less aggressive than xlbiain
ore grabs another person by the arm while vyiocclcmyi does not, so ore is not less aggressive than vyiocclcmyi
xwubft grabs another person by the arm while mda does not, so xwubft is not less aggressive than mda
wzwu grabs another person by the arm while zdvztfnm does not, so zdvztfnm is not more aggressive than wzwu
nqlpj grabs another person by the arm while bbggur does not, so bbggur is not more aggressive than nqlpj
xlbiain grabs another person by the arm while pgbibutdlgkk does not, so pgbibutdlgkk is not more aggressive than xlbiain
vyiocclcmyi grabs another person by the arm while ore does not, so ore is not more aggressive than vyiocclcmyi
mda grabs another person by the arm while xwubft does not, so xwubft is not more aggressive than mda
yvwjkbbgzjn would n't stop crying while qouldmmguoo did, so yvwjkbbgzjn is more hysterical than qouldmmguoo
hqchpal would n't stop crying while cqvowqggyf did, so hqchpal is more hysterical than cqvowqggyf
jckgfgpe would n't stop crying while dkl did, so jckgfgpe is more hysterical than dkl
scgddsqgxz would n't stop crying while gqxcbwydaiq did, so scgddsqgxz is more hysterical than gqxcbwydaiq
pxtlwcvlsai would n't stop crying while vihxbylj did, so pxtlwcvlsai is more hysterical than vihxbylj
yvwjkbbgzjn would n't stop crying while qouldmmguoo did, so qouldmmguoo is less hysterical than yvwjkbbgzjn
hqchpal would n't stop crying while cqvowqggyf did, so cqvowqggyf is less hysterical than hqchpal
jckgfgpe would n't stop crying while dkl did, so dkl is less hysterical than jckgfgpe
scgddsqgxz would n't stop crying while gqxcbwydaiq did, so gqxcbwydaiq is less hysterical than scgddsqgxz
pxtlwcvlsai would n't stop crying while vihxbylj did, so vihxbylj is less hysterical than pxtlwcvlsai
reiojdywvf would n't stop crying more than mnvxj, so reiojdywvf is not less hysterical than mnvxj
lhogsmkyb would n't stop crying more than xamk, so lhogsmkyb is not less hysterical than xamk
bpytbvt would n't stop crying more than zsekmhwucz, so bpytbvt is not less hysterical than zsekmhwucz
flfazzdzf would n't stop crying more than big, so flfazzdzf is not less hysterical than big
lwtj would n't stop crying more than ycxdephbuae, so lwtj is not less hysterical than ycxdephbuae
mnvxj would n't stop crying more than reiojdywvf, so reiojdywvf is not more hysterical than mnvxj
xamk would n't stop crying more than lhogsmkyb, so lhogsmkyb is not more hysterical than xamk
zsekmhwucz would n't stop crying more than bpytbvt, so bpytbvt is not more hysterical than zsekmhwucz
big would n't stop crying more than flfazzdzf, so flfazzdzf is not more hysterical than big
ycxdephbuae would n't stop crying more than lwtj, so lwtj is not more hysterical than ycxdephbuae
nizu takes the phone while dql does not, so nizu is more aggressive than dql
lvktlbxd takes the phone while kxibt does not, so lvktlbxd is more aggressive than kxibt
qtduzy takes the phone while okkc does not, so qtduzy is more aggressive than okkc
pghadebqozx takes the phone while yfqtfhyyv does not, so pghadebqozx is more aggressive than yfqtfhyyv
mopedf takes the phone while brhdsl does not, so mopedf is more aggressive than brhdsl
nizu takes the phone while dql does not, so dql is less aggressive than nizu
lvktlbxd takes the phone while kxibt does not, so kxibt is less aggressive than lvktlbxd
qtduzy takes the phone while okkc does not, so okkc is less aggressive than qtduzy
pghadebqozx takes the phone while yfqtfhyyv does not, so yfqtfhyyv is less aggressive than pghadebqozx
mopedf takes the phone while brhdsl does not, so brhdsl is less aggressive than mopedf
kpf takes the phone while xmbgshcewzuy does not, so kpf is not less aggressive than xmbgshcewzuy
xzpgzo takes the phone while fxzbot does not, so xzpgzo is not less aggressive than fxzbot
aefofizk takes the phone while kih does not, so aefofizk is not less aggressive than kih
axyqjk takes the phone while gsxnjjphxyd does not, so axyqjk is not less aggressive than gsxnjjphxyd
zypf takes the phone while mwgjtiraoe does not, so zypf is not less aggressive than mwgjtiraoe
xmbgshcewzuy takes the phone while kpf does not, so kpf is not more aggressive than xmbgshcewzuy
fxzbot takes the phone while xzpgzo does not, so xzpgzo is not more aggressive than fxzbot
kih takes the phone while aefofizk does not, so aefofizk is not more aggressive than kih
gsxnjjphxyd takes the phone while axyqjk does not, so axyqjk is not more aggressive than gsxnjjphxyd
mwgjtiraoe takes the phone while zypf does not, so zypf is not more aggressive than mwgjtiraoe
pgzhyrilxs bakes cookies while kozaic does not, so pgzhyrilxs is more eager than kozaic
xwketbjc bakes cookies while tbrwuun does not, so xwketbjc is more eager than tbrwuun
kbkzdfs bakes cookies while nijmk does not, so kbkzdfs is more eager than nijmk
qwd bakes cookies while yjhvay does not, so qwd is more eager than yjhvay
meytbqdpbu bakes cookies while xaotqcuu does not, so meytbqdpbu is more eager than xaotqcuu
pgzhyrilxs bakes cookies while kozaic does not, so kozaic is less eager than pgzhyrilxs
xwketbjc bakes cookies while tbrwuun does not, so tbrwuun is less eager than xwketbjc
kbkzdfs bakes cookies while nijmk does not, so nijmk is less eager than kbkzdfs
qwd bakes cookies while yjhvay does not, so yjhvay is less eager than qwd
meytbqdpbu bakes cookies while xaotqcuu does not, so xaotqcuu is less eager than meytbqdpbu
llsfqcffxws bakes cookies while wjsmomcblnfp does not, so llsfqcffxws is not less eager than wjsmomcblnfp
vaw bakes cookies while vqjn does not, so vaw is not less eager than vqjn
qcemictijvy bakes cookies while wnretevzad does not, so qcemictijvy is not less eager than wnretevzad
mexl bakes cookies while jfccaja does not, so mexl is not less eager than jfccaja
gvjtufmzv bakes cookies while jtukgsnos does not, so gvjtufmzv is not less eager than jtukgsnos
wjsmomcblnfp bakes cookies while llsfqcffxws does not, so llsfqcffxws is not more eager than wjsmomcblnfp
vqjn bakes cookies while vaw does not, so vaw is not more eager than vqjn
wnretevzad bakes cookies while qcemictijvy does not, so qcemictijvy is not more eager than wnretevzad
jfccaja bakes cookies while mexl does not, so mexl is not more eager than jfccaja
jtukgsnos bakes cookies while gvjtufmzv does not, so gvjtufmzv is not more eager than jtukgsnos
jpn takes another person's daughter while jsxgzzcvka does not, so jpn is more mean than jsxgzzcvka
saatibrkrh takes another person's daughter while kfa does not, so saatibrkrh is more mean than kfa
xbtzutz takes another person's daughter while lkemcho does not, so xbtzutz is more mean than lkemcho
qkf takes another person's daughter while evo does not, so qkf is more mean than evo
mnsg takes another person's daughter while wgbylfxp does not, so mnsg is more mean than wgbylfxp
jpn takes another person's daughter while jsxgzzcvka does not, so jsxgzzcvka is less mean than jpn
saatibrkrh takes another person's daughter while kfa does not, so kfa is less mean than saatibrkrh
xbtzutz takes another person's daughter while lkemcho does not, so lkemcho is less mean than xbtzutz
qkf takes another person's daughter while evo does not, so evo is less mean than qkf
mnsg takes another person's daughter while wgbylfxp does not, so wgbylfxp is less mean than mnsg
vmhpcgfxbi takes another person's daughter while ppamzett does not, so vmhpcgfxbi is not less mean than ppamzett
vvsrgqgvhwbk takes another person's daughter while lunrisa does not, so vvsrgqgvhwbk is not less mean than lunrisa
auc takes another person's daughter while afgobphb does not, so auc is not less mean than afgobphb
neffp takes another person's daughter while ubzn does not, so neffp is not less mean than ubzn
vzjo takes another person's daughter while apzatniesiya does not, so vzjo is not less mean than apzatniesiya
ppamzett takes another person's daughter while vmhpcgfxbi does not, so vmhpcgfxbi is not more mean than ppamzett
lunrisa takes another person's daughter while vvsrgqgvhwbk does not, so vvsrgqgvhwbk is not more mean than lunrisa
afgobphb takes another person's daughter while auc does not, so auc is not more mean than afgobphb
ubzn takes another person's daughter while neffp does not, so neffp is not more mean than ubzn
apzatniesiya takes another person's daughter while vzjo does not, so vzjo is not more mean than apzatniesiya
rgwlc drinks the milk while ttwtoek does not, so rgwlc is more health-conscious than ttwtoek
cmcbkpaeez drinks the milk while azhiyoberx does not, so cmcbkpaeez is more health-conscious than azhiyoberx
pjcc drinks the milk while sjpttx does not, so pjcc is more health-conscious than sjpttx
yfigjqee drinks the milk while dkahknz does not, so yfigjqee is more health-conscious than dkahknz
iuuzzqvn drinks the milk while zgumxd does not, so iuuzzqvn is more health-conscious than zgumxd
rgwlc drinks the milk while ttwtoek does not, so ttwtoek is less health-conscious than rgwlc
cmcbkpaeez drinks the milk while azhiyoberx does not, so azhiyoberx is less health-conscious than cmcbkpaeez
pjcc drinks the milk while sjpttx does not, so sjpttx is less health-conscious than pjcc
yfigjqee drinks the milk while dkahknz does not, so dkahknz is less health-conscious than yfigjqee
iuuzzqvn drinks the milk while zgumxd does not, so zgumxd is less health-conscious than iuuzzqvn
zipbsaqqwoq drinks the milk while nqauaxv does not, so zipbsaqqwoq is not less health-conscious than nqauaxv
lwemnglh drinks the milk while mddxdazcadq does not, so lwemnglh is not less health-conscious than mddxdazcadq
pzqzlhrart drinks the milk while eftzftqcmtp does not, so pzqzlhrart is not less health-conscious than eftzftqcmtp
tnixpeqgmihu drinks the milk while zaxhrwp does not, so tnixpeqgmihu is not less health-conscious than zaxhrwp
bpjtujek drinks the milk while iubaaivjhjm does not, so bpjtujek is not less health-conscious than iubaaivjhjm
nqauaxv drinks the milk while zipbsaqqwoq does not, so zipbsaqqwoq is not more health-conscious than nqauaxv
mddxdazcadq drinks the milk while lwemnglh does not, so lwemnglh is not more health-conscious than mddxdazcadq
eftzftqcmtp drinks the milk while pzqzlhrart does not, so pzqzlhrart is not more health-conscious than eftzftqcmtp
zaxhrwp drinks the milk while tnixpeqgmihu does not, so tnixpeqgmihu is not more health-conscious than zaxhrwp
iubaaivjhjm drinks the milk while bpjtujek does not, so bpjtujek is not more health-conscious than iubaaivjhjm
encbgtpmtccl grows bored while ook does not, so encbgtpmtccl is more unsure than ook
fxjl grows bored while xrvhruzkl does not, so fxjl is more unsure than xrvhruzkl
talq grows bored while qxbtcgdqe does not, so talq is more unsure than qxbtcgdqe
yyjguholzlz grows bored while ksukpkksivj does not, so yyjguholzlz is more unsure than ksukpkksivj
oudfgjujzken grows bored while fhsvyfzjfxky does not, so oudfgjujzken is more unsure than fhsvyfzjfxky
encbgtpmtccl grows bored while ook does not, so ook is less unsure than encbgtpmtccl
fxjl grows bored while xrvhruzkl does not, so xrvhruzkl is less unsure than fxjl
talq grows bored while qxbtcgdqe does not, so qxbtcgdqe is less unsure than talq
yyjguholzlz grows bored while ksukpkksivj does not, so ksukpkksivj is less unsure than yyjguholzlz
oudfgjujzken grows bored while fhsvyfzjfxky does not, so fhsvyfzjfxky is less unsure than oudfgjujzken
bkp grows bored while tryyaqxjcaws does not, so bkp is not less unsure than tryyaqxjcaws
puovvrdy grows bored while tpykaf does not, so puovvrdy is not less unsure than tpykaf
jigfgmsswit grows bored while rvo does not, so jigfgmsswit is not less unsure than rvo
xjdvagznp grows bored while dpyp does not, so xjdvagznp is not less unsure than dpyp
kede grows bored while tjetv does not, so kede is not less unsure than tjetv
tryyaqxjcaws grows bored while bkp does not, so bkp is not more unsure than tryyaqxjcaws
tpykaf grows bored while puovvrdy does not, so puovvrdy is not more unsure than tpykaf
rvo grows bored while jigfgmsswit does not, so jigfgmsswit is not more unsure than rvo
dpyp grows bored while xjdvagznp does not, so xjdvagznp is not more unsure than dpyp
tjetv grows bored while kede does not, so kede is not more unsure than tjetv
bpzasevht is familiar to another person's ear more than wmrf, so bpzasevht is more knowning than wmrf
lqvlbueffbi is familiar to another person's ear more than rdtxalpeacl, so lqvlbueffbi is more knowning than rdtxalpeacl
sxcoxoho is familiar to another person's ear more than scpkgez, so sxcoxoho is more knowning than scpkgez
thpqzzk is familiar to another person's ear more than dupd, so thpqzzk is more knowning than dupd
bbbzjul is familiar to another person's ear more than uyua, so bbbzjul is more knowning than uyua
bpzasevht is familiar to another person's ear while wmrf is not, so wmrf is less knowning than bpzasevht
lqvlbueffbi is familiar to another person's ear while rdtxalpeacl is not, so rdtxalpeacl is less knowning than lqvlbueffbi
sxcoxoho is familiar to another person's ear while scpkgez is not, so scpkgez is less knowning than sxcoxoho
thpqzzk is familiar to another person's ear while dupd is not, so dupd is less knowning than thpqzzk
bbbzjul is familiar to another person's ear while uyua is not, so uyua is less knowning than bbbzjul
emumws is familiar to another person's ear more than hniucwoy, so emumws is not less knowning than hniucwoy
gxqgqpnmvuss is familiar to another person's ear more than lmcvpwm, so gxqgqpnmvuss is not less knowning than lmcvpwm
xnvphqffq is familiar to another person's ear more than jvgxhn, so xnvphqffq is not less knowning than jvgxhn
jkhmtdwikbf is familiar to another person's ear more than rwqxjnmgijyi, so jkhmtdwikbf is not less knowning than rwqxjnmgijyi
hkziyrtupemh is familiar to another person's ear more than xecmocjkqdx, so hkziyrtupemh is not less knowning than xecmocjkqdx
hniucwoy is familiar to another person's ear more than emumws, so emumws is not more knowning than hniucwoy
lmcvpwm is familiar to another person's ear more than gxqgqpnmvuss, so gxqgqpnmvuss is not more knowning than lmcvpwm
jvgxhn is familiar to another person's ear more than xnvphqffq, so xnvphqffq is not more knowning than jvgxhn
rwqxjnmgijyi is familiar to another person's ear more than jkhmtdwikbf, so jkhmtdwikbf is not more knowning than rwqxjnmgijyi
xecmocjkqdx is familiar to another person's ear more than hkziyrtupemh, so hkziyrtupemh is not more knowning than xecmocjkqdx
opyyhq takes another person's phone while eubhugpudh does not, so opyyhq is more sneaky than eubhugpudh
nzojizpul takes another person's phone while jbtwjtjka does not, so nzojizpul is more sneaky than jbtwjtjka
agzso takes another person's phone while hfnvphhyyic does not, so agzso is more sneaky than hfnvphhyyic
yxylnzx takes another person's phone while mbysnuryga does not, so yxylnzx is more sneaky than mbysnuryga
aegnwiczuto takes another person's phone while ynohp does not, so aegnwiczuto is more sneaky than ynohp
opyyhq takes another person's phone while eubhugpudh does not, so eubhugpudh is less sneaky than opyyhq
nzojizpul takes another person's phone while jbtwjtjka does not, so jbtwjtjka is less sneaky than nzojizpul
agzso takes another person's phone while hfnvphhyyic does not, so hfnvphhyyic is less sneaky than agzso
yxylnzx takes another person's phone while mbysnuryga does not, so mbysnuryga is less sneaky than yxylnzx
aegnwiczuto takes another person's phone while ynohp does not, so ynohp is less sneaky than aegnwiczuto
noekdyp takes another person's phone while rmn does not, so noekdyp is not less sneaky than rmn
hbivk takes another person's phone while pytmn does not, so hbivk is not less sneaky than pytmn
provmdz takes another person's phone while haabfh does not, so provmdz is not less sneaky than haabfh
eeouctoihd takes another person's phone while uilxtkn does not, so eeouctoihd is not less sneaky than uilxtkn
pvuhfhdpvo takes another person's phone while wpets does not, so pvuhfhdpvo is not less sneaky than wpets
rmn takes another person's phone while noekdyp does not, so noekdyp is not more sneaky than rmn
pytmn takes another person's phone while hbivk does not, so hbivk is not more sneaky than pytmn
haabfh takes another person's phone while provmdz does not, so provmdz is not more sneaky than haabfh
uilxtkn takes another person's phone while eeouctoihd does not, so eeouctoihd is not more sneaky than uilxtkn
wpets takes another person's phone while pvuhfhdpvo does not, so pvuhfhdpvo is not more sneaky than wpets
vjfwjammff gets beat up while nqt does not, so vjfwjammff is more hurt than nqt
jlcdzf gets beat up while wfyxknnacaub does not, so jlcdzf is more hurt than wfyxknnacaub
xznofmgfrtb gets beat up while fcsckjdms does not, so xznofmgfrtb is more hurt than fcsckjdms
yyaxcyiyjs gets beat up while qtsscxilnf does not, so yyaxcyiyjs is more hurt than qtsscxilnf
avtrckpabj gets beat up while eiazjh does not, so avtrckpabj is more hurt than eiazjh
vjfwjammff gets beat up while nqt does not, so nqt is less hurt than vjfwjammff
jlcdzf gets beat up while wfyxknnacaub does not, so wfyxknnacaub is less hurt than jlcdzf
xznofmgfrtb gets beat up while fcsckjdms does not, so fcsckjdms is less hurt than xznofmgfrtb
yyaxcyiyjs gets beat up while qtsscxilnf does not, so qtsscxilnf is less hurt than yyaxcyiyjs
avtrckpabj gets beat up while eiazjh does not, so eiazjh is less hurt than avtrckpabj
wrjqlldch gets beat up while nkbo does not, so wrjqlldch is not less hurt than nkbo
fsvfznpflls gets beat up while kbxlhpe does not, so fsvfznpflls is not less hurt than kbxlhpe
zjojpny gets beat up while dhbngaiclsr does not, so zjojpny is not less hurt than dhbngaiclsr
dtcyfefhdv gets beat up while aeol does not, so dtcyfefhdv is not less hurt than aeol
bwr gets beat up while kqk does not, so bwr is not less hurt than kqk
nkbo gets beat up while wrjqlldch does not, so wrjqlldch is not more hurt than nkbo
kbxlhpe gets beat up while fsvfznpflls does not, so fsvfznpflls is not more hurt than kbxlhpe
dhbngaiclsr gets beat up while zjojpny does not, so zjojpny is not more hurt than dhbngaiclsr
aeol gets beat up while dtcyfefhdv does not, so dtcyfefhdv is not more hurt than aeol
kqk gets beat up while bwr does not, so bwr is not more hurt than kqk
uayzegv arrives the next day while camcmqhs does not, so uayzegv is more responsible than camcmqhs
cpfcpbnmzq arrives the next day while fdeiwgbwqkia does not, so cpfcpbnmzq is more responsible than fdeiwgbwqkia
nlm arrives the next day while eggpxhmt does not, so nlm is more responsible than eggpxhmt
ylxacwdspxz arrives the next day while ogfbwcry does not, so ylxacwdspxz is more responsible than ogfbwcry
axyujoec arrives the next day while xtffuavvx does not, so axyujoec is more responsible than xtffuavvx
uayzegv arrives the next day while camcmqhs does not, so camcmqhs is less responsible than uayzegv
cpfcpbnmzq arrives the next day while fdeiwgbwqkia does not, so fdeiwgbwqkia is less responsible than cpfcpbnmzq
nlm arrives the next day while eggpxhmt does not, so eggpxhmt is less responsible than nlm
ylxacwdspxz arrives the next day while ogfbwcry does not, so ogfbwcry is less responsible than ylxacwdspxz
axyujoec arrives the next day while xtffuavvx does not, so xtffuavvx is less responsible than axyujoec
spchjhu arrives the next day while otjnrdskmk does not, so spchjhu is not less responsible than otjnrdskmk
dlsocnj arrives the next day while vupzen does not, so dlsocnj is not less responsible than vupzen
nusxd arrives the next day while rryf does not, so nusxd is not less responsible than rryf
qnvql arrives the next day while lrzlm does not, so qnvql is not less responsible than lrzlm
znqzuny arrives the next day while xaabphzp does not, so znqzuny is not less responsible than xaabphzp
otjnrdskmk arrives the next day while spchjhu does not, so spchjhu is not more responsible than otjnrdskmk
vupzen arrives the next day while dlsocnj does not, so dlsocnj is not more responsible than vupzen
rryf arrives the next day while nusxd does not, so nusxd is not more responsible than rryf
lrzlm arrives the next day while qnvql does not, so qnvql is not more responsible than lrzlm
xaabphzp arrives the next day while znqzuny does not, so znqzuny is not more responsible than xaabphzp
zphk did not say anything while lwpnrjqwdkh did, so zphk is less crafty than lwpnrjqwdkh
izjxdnnfztl did not say anything while mda did, so izjxdnnfztl is less crafty than mda
ohvb did not say anything while salijam did, so ohvb is less crafty than salijam
udygn did not say anything while qrxizeyumwy did, so udygn is less crafty than qrxizeyumwy
srood did not say anything while rtpcxiztw did, so srood is less crafty than rtpcxiztw
zphk did not say anything while lwpnrjqwdkh did, so lwpnrjqwdkh is less crafty than zphk
izjxdnnfztl did not say anything while mda did, so mda is less crafty than izjxdnnfztl
ohvb did not say anything while salijam did, so salijam is less crafty than ohvb
udygn did not say anything while qrxizeyumwy did, so qrxizeyumwy is less crafty than udygn
srood did not say anything while rtpcxiztw did, so rtpcxiztw is less crafty than srood
staapxtao did not say anything while xezsx did, so staapxtao is not less crafty than xezsx
sdtcvdoinfcp did not say anything while xseuzhyswd did, so sdtcvdoinfcp is not less crafty than xseuzhyswd
trhxsm did not say anything while rmpmp did, so trhxsm is not less crafty than rmpmp
tonsyyi did not say anything while eqrzhdjjiq did, so tonsyyi is not less crafty than eqrzhdjjiq
joauzx did not say anything while bbf did, so joauzx is not less crafty than bbf
xezsx didnt say anything while staapxtao did, so staapxtao is not more crafty than xezsx
xseuzhyswd didnt say anything while sdtcvdoinfcp did, so sdtcvdoinfcp is not more crafty than xseuzhyswd
rmpmp didnt say anything while trhxsm did, so trhxsm is not more crafty than rmpmp
eqrzhdjjiq didnt say anything while tonsyyi did, so tonsyyi is not more crafty than eqrzhdjjiq
bbf didnt say anything while joauzx did, so joauzx is not more crafty than bbf
gbxew talks to another person's daughter while fuwmhgyqkfp does not, so gbxew is more nuturing than fuwmhgyqkfp
cpcylg talks to another person's daughter while uzsvy does not, so cpcylg is more nuturing than uzsvy
okhhahthnig talks to another person's daughter while jzsh does not, so okhhahthnig is more nuturing than jzsh
gdbusle talks to another person's daughter while nsksakpsn does not, so gdbusle is more nuturing than nsksakpsn
baxhrbbhlr talks to another person's daughter while lzwqbafgetw does not, so baxhrbbhlr is more nuturing than lzwqbafgetw
gbxew talks to another person's daughter while fuwmhgyqkfp does not, so fuwmhgyqkfp is less nuturing than gbxew
cpcylg talks to another person's daughter while uzsvy does not, so uzsvy is less nuturing than cpcylg
okhhahthnig talks to another person's daughter while jzsh does not, so jzsh is less nuturing than okhhahthnig
gdbusle talks to another person's daughter while nsksakpsn does not, so nsksakpsn is less nuturing than gdbusle
baxhrbbhlr talks to another person's daughter while lzwqbafgetw does not, so lzwqbafgetw is less nuturing than baxhrbbhlr
zuoxdlvjj talks to another person's daughter while jnvxkizt does not, so zuoxdlvjj is not less nuturing than jnvxkizt
xufx talks to another person's daughter while orepcf does not, so xufx is not less nuturing than orepcf
lqbh talks to another person's daughter while wsa does not, so lqbh is not less nuturing than wsa
lodrkray talks to another person's daughter while mtoqetbl does not, so lodrkray is not less nuturing than mtoqetbl
dnlxx talks to another person's daughter while cdqrrc does not, so dnlxx is not less nuturing than cdqrrc
jnvxkizt talks to another person's daughter while zuoxdlvjj does not, so zuoxdlvjj is not more nuturing than jnvxkizt
orepcf talks to another person's daughter while xufx does not, so xufx is not more nuturing than orepcf
wsa talks to another person's daughter while lqbh does not, so lqbh is not more nuturing than wsa
mtoqetbl talks to another person's daughter while lodrkray does not, so lodrkray is not more nuturing than mtoqetbl
cdqrrc talks to another person's daughter while dnlxx does not, so dnlxx is not more nuturing than cdqrrc
cfdkotbestmx moans into another person's mouth while nta does not, so cfdkotbestmx is more loving than nta
palt moans into another person's mouth while xgmd does not, so palt is more loving than xgmd
avg moans into another person's mouth while zjobqdnswyp does not, so avg is more loving than zjobqdnswyp
tcdg moans into another person's mouth while taxahjw does not, so tcdg is more loving than taxahjw
irmthahjzd moans into another person's mouth while duqu does not, so irmthahjzd is more loving than duqu
cfdkotbestmx moans into another person's mouth while nta does not, so nta is less loving than cfdkotbestmx
palt moans into another person's mouth while xgmd does not, so xgmd is less loving than palt
avg moans into another person's mouth while zjobqdnswyp does not, so zjobqdnswyp is less loving than avg
tcdg moans into another person's mouth while taxahjw does not, so taxahjw is less loving than tcdg
irmthahjzd moans into another person's mouth while duqu does not, so duqu is less loving than irmthahjzd
tvt moans into another person's mouth while adx does not, so tvt is not more loving than adx
qmdawojcfoph moans into another person's mouth while utc does not, so qmdawojcfoph is not more loving than utc
gxyzebrfutb moans into another person's mouth while komvrt does not, so gxyzebrfutb is not more loving than komvrt
xzjwmj moans into another person's mouth while ckvsh does not, so xzjwmj is not more loving than ckvsh
ipjmkpj moans into another person's mouth while rlnajbxnxet does not, so ipjmkpj is not more loving than rlnajbxnxet
adx moans into another person's mouth while tvt does not, so tvt is not more loving than adx
utc moans into another person's mouth while qmdawojcfoph does not, so qmdawojcfoph is not more loving than utc
komvrt moans into another person's mouth while gxyzebrfutb does not, so gxyzebrfutb is not more loving than komvrt
ckvsh moans into another person's mouth while xzjwmj does not, so xzjwmj is not more loving than ckvsh
rlnajbxnxet moans into another person's mouth while ipjmkpj does not, so ipjmkpj is not more loving than rlnajbxnxet
kfpifvv learns computer programming while crkbsmwslp does not, so kfpifvv is more bright than crkbsmwslp
yaxc learns computer programming while ialkoe does not, so yaxc is more bright than ialkoe
ckgserx learns computer programming while vyyxs does not, so ckgserx is more bright than vyyxs
amqknstoyki learns computer programming while hxv does not, so amqknstoyki is more bright than hxv
bvqz learns computer programming while iyffsbhmp does not, so bvqz is more bright than iyffsbhmp
kfpifvv learns computer programming while crkbsmwslp does not, so crkbsmwslp is less bright than kfpifvv
yaxc learns computer programming while ialkoe does not, so ialkoe is less bright than yaxc
ckgserx learns computer programming while vyyxs does not, so vyyxs is less bright than ckgserx
amqknstoyki learns computer programming while hxv does not, so hxv is less bright than amqknstoyki
bvqz learns computer programming while iyffsbhmp does not, so iyffsbhmp is less bright than bvqz
nylypolimnh learns computer programming while oczztabgw does not, so nylypolimnh is not less bright than oczztabgw
cvkqbnd learns computer programming while jdlhda does not, so cvkqbnd is not less bright than jdlhda
btrfmpdxsjhk learns computer programming while efxnli does not, so btrfmpdxsjhk is not less bright than efxnli
wtiuju learns computer programming while oqkx does not, so wtiuju is not less bright than oqkx
myaflnusjp learns computer programming while vwsld does not, so myaflnusjp is not less bright than vwsld
oczztabgw learns computer programming while nylypolimnh does not, so nylypolimnh is not more bright than oczztabgw
jdlhda learns computer programming while cvkqbnd does not, so cvkqbnd is not more bright than jdlhda
efxnli learns computer programming while btrfmpdxsjhk does not, so btrfmpdxsjhk is not more bright than efxnli
oqkx learns computer programming while wtiuju does not, so wtiuju is not more bright than oqkx
vwsld learns computer programming while myaflnusjp does not, so myaflnusjp is not more bright than vwsld
gqshzitpjomx builds their house while ghsyjcsfb does not, so gqshzitpjomx is more dedicated than ghsyjcsfb
ttsnxnijq builds their house while gayanyl does not, so ttsnxnijq is more dedicated than gayanyl
eoifg builds their house while ctgutqqbl does not, so eoifg is more dedicated than ctgutqqbl
mjbkxos builds their house while ivyymgkumcl does not, so mjbkxos is more dedicated than ivyymgkumcl
oixglvrtkdpq builds their house while eudphrnr does not, so oixglvrtkdpq is more dedicated than eudphrnr
gqshzitpjomx builds their house while ghsyjcsfb does not, so ghsyjcsfb is less dedicated than gqshzitpjomx
ttsnxnijq builds their house while gayanyl does not, so gayanyl is less dedicated than ttsnxnijq
eoifg builds their house while ctgutqqbl does not, so ctgutqqbl is less dedicated than eoifg
mjbkxos builds their house while ivyymgkumcl does not, so ivyymgkumcl is less dedicated than mjbkxos
oixglvrtkdpq builds their house while eudphrnr does not, so eudphrnr is less dedicated than oixglvrtkdpq
eezlq builds their house while nrmngypcem does not, so eezlq is not less dedicated than nrmngypcem
okt builds their house while yynpatgwltas does not, so okt is not less dedicated than yynpatgwltas
pynwnmxr builds their house while hivvstcrsp does not, so pynwnmxr is not less dedicated than hivvstcrsp
opmdxrcffvk builds their house while phh does not, so opmdxrcffvk is not less dedicated than phh
csxavmcxd builds their house while tki does not, so csxavmcxd is not less dedicated than tki
nrmngypcem builds their house while eezlq does not, so eezlq is not more dedicated than nrmngypcem
yynpatgwltas builds their house while okt does not, so okt is not more dedicated than yynpatgwltas
hivvstcrsp builds their house while pynwnmxr does not, so pynwnmxr is not more dedicated than hivvstcrsp
phh builds their house while opmdxrcffvk does not, so opmdxrcffvk is not more dedicated than phh
tki builds their house while csxavmcxd does not, so csxavmcxd is not more dedicated than tki
iicux brings another person fame while jjapnvqxx does not, so iicux is more fruitful than jjapnvqxx
wmzwjt brings another person fame while quwwqfhajl does not, so wmzwjt is more fruitful than quwwqfhajl
tmf brings another person fame while xahfzfxdk does not, so tmf is more fruitful than xahfzfxdk
vuoembecmpgn brings another person fame while yrkxnhgyczna does not, so vuoembecmpgn is more fruitful than yrkxnhgyczna
cupj brings another person fame while qiblsjqeo does not, so cupj is more fruitful than qiblsjqeo
iicux brings another person fame while jjapnvqxx does not, so jjapnvqxx is less fruitful than iicux
wmzwjt brings another person fame while quwwqfhajl does not, so quwwqfhajl is less fruitful than wmzwjt
tmf brings another person fame while xahfzfxdk does not, so xahfzfxdk is less fruitful than tmf
vuoembecmpgn brings another person fame while yrkxnhgyczna does not, so yrkxnhgyczna is less fruitful than vuoembecmpgn
cupj brings another person fame while qiblsjqeo does not, so qiblsjqeo is less fruitful than cupj
clo brings another person fame while sunpdyhqgjz does not, so clo is not less fruitful than sunpdyhqgjz
jamr brings another person fame while rlp does not, so jamr is not less fruitful than rlp
tthfjhvbzb brings another person fame while txrbhe does not, so tthfjhvbzb is not less fruitful than txrbhe
dycyngvgjop brings another person fame while ghwtzijqahn does not, so dycyngvgjop is not less fruitful than ghwtzijqahn
zitsttj brings another person fame while lzisvvz does not, so zitsttj is not less fruitful than lzisvvz
sunpdyhqgjz brings another person fame while clo does not, so clo is not more fruitful than sunpdyhqgjz
rlp brings another person fame while jamr does not, so jamr is not more fruitful than rlp
txrbhe brings another person fame while tthfjhvbzb does not, so tthfjhvbzb is not more fruitful than txrbhe
ghwtzijqahn brings another person fame while dycyngvgjop does not, so dycyngvgjop is not more fruitful than ghwtzijqahn
lzisvvz brings another person fame while zitsttj does not, so zitsttj is not more fruitful than lzisvvz
nfxxlzbif collects rocks while dpzzyb does not, so nfxxlzbif is more dedicated than dpzzyb
sugl collects rocks while iqpswhqadl does not, so sugl is more dedicated than iqpswhqadl
xtvinflrndo collects rocks while mwzwalwf does not, so xtvinflrndo is more dedicated than mwzwalwf
qlcvxwj collects rocks while oesvjkdqzg does not, so qlcvxwj is more dedicated than oesvjkdqzg
epepyfxpncm collects rocks while bepze does not, so epepyfxpncm is more dedicated than bepze
nfxxlzbif collects rocks while dpzzyb does not, so dpzzyb is less dedicated than nfxxlzbif
sugl collects rocks while iqpswhqadl does not, so iqpswhqadl is less dedicated than sugl
xtvinflrndo collects rocks while mwzwalwf does not, so mwzwalwf is less dedicated than xtvinflrndo
qlcvxwj collects rocks while oesvjkdqzg does not, so oesvjkdqzg is less dedicated than qlcvxwj
epepyfxpncm collects rocks while bepze does not, so bepze is less dedicated than epepyfxpncm
shpppnblcqj collects rocks while gvqeuiovoo does not, so shpppnblcqj is not less dedicated than gvqeuiovoo
kpztjbfqo collects rocks while oab does not, so kpztjbfqo is not less dedicated than oab
qxyyrbnv collects rocks while huitaccfxo does not, so qxyyrbnv is not less dedicated than huitaccfxo
mqme collects rocks while kihped does not, so mqme is not less dedicated than kihped
lagsee collects rocks while vpuc does not, so lagsee is not less dedicated than vpuc
gvqeuiovoo collects rocks while shpppnblcqj does not, so shpppnblcqj is not more dedicated than gvqeuiovoo
oab collects rocks while kpztjbfqo does not, so kpztjbfqo is not more dedicated than oab
huitaccfxo collects rocks while qxyyrbnv does not, so qxyyrbnv is not more dedicated than huitaccfxo
kihped collects rocks while mqme does not, so mqme is not more dedicated than kihped
vpuc collects rocks while lagsee does not, so lagsee is not more dedicated than vpuc
sxbffvjfbpw suits another person's taste more than nusiw, so sxbffvjfbpw is more easy going than nusiw
mjjzccb suits another person's taste more than qdbbtgvbrz, so mjjzccb is more easy going than qdbbtgvbrz
uutaa suits another person's taste more than ubq, so uutaa is more easy going than ubq
lmtxrd suits another person's taste more than uldevhrzh, so lmtxrd is more easy going than uldevhrzh
vcv suits another person's taste more than aetrdufbbpm, so vcv is more easy going than aetrdufbbpm
sxbffvjfbpw suits another person's taste while nusiw does not, so nusiw is less easy going than sxbffvjfbpw
mjjzccb suits another person's taste while qdbbtgvbrz does not, so qdbbtgvbrz is less easy going than mjjzccb
uutaa suits another person's taste while ubq does not, so ubq is less easy going than uutaa
lmtxrd suits another person's taste while uldevhrzh does not, so uldevhrzh is less easy going than lmtxrd
vcv suits another person's taste while aetrdufbbpm does not, so aetrdufbbpm is less easy going than vcv
pxnssst suits another person's taste more than gkzxyqdwu, so pxnssst is not less easy going than gkzxyqdwu
riafet suits another person's taste more than lslodicsha, so riafet is not less easy going than lslodicsha
pnq suits another person's taste more than bbuwjrar, so pnq is not less easy going than bbuwjrar
uqhwpf suits another person's taste more than owzjy, so uqhwpf is not less easy going than owzjy
atbjx suits another person's taste more than svc, so atbjx is not less easy going than svc
gkzxyqdwu suits another person's taste more than pxnssst, so pxnssst is not more easy going than gkzxyqdwu
lslodicsha suits another person's taste more than riafet, so riafet is not more easy going than lslodicsha
bbuwjrar suits another person's taste more than pnq, so pnq is not more easy going than bbuwjrar
owzjy suits another person's taste more than uqhwpf, so uqhwpf is not more easy going than owzjy
svc suits another person's taste more than atbjx, so atbjx is not more easy going than svc
yuqfsr pulls an all-nighter while uhtobgrfwnk does not, so yuqfsr is more tired than uhtobgrfwnk
uaiyf pulls an all-nighter while lmkokaebyw does not, so uaiyf is more tired than lmkokaebyw
moctradbu pulls an all-nighter while eqkuaphztvj does not, so moctradbu is more tired than eqkuaphztvj
fnc pulls an all-nighter while juqvbsbnbnv does not, so fnc is more tired than juqvbsbnbnv
timutorz pulls an all-nighter while boz does not, so timutorz is more tired than boz
yuqfsr pulls an all-nighter while uhtobgrfwnk does not, so uhtobgrfwnk is less tired than yuqfsr
uaiyf pulls an all-nighter while lmkokaebyw does not, so lmkokaebyw is less tired than uaiyf
moctradbu pulls an all-nighter while eqkuaphztvj does not, so eqkuaphztvj is less tired than moctradbu
fnc pulls an all-nighter while juqvbsbnbnv does not, so juqvbsbnbnv is less tired than fnc
timutorz pulls an all-nighter while boz does not, so boz is less tired than timutorz
hqahaeizp pulls an all-nighter while fslupfzslb does not, so hqahaeizp is not less tired than fslupfzslb
mwkrfy pulls an all-nighter while pntmofh does not, so mwkrfy is not less tired than pntmofh
erynaldhy pulls an all-nighter while bqtmqfy does not, so erynaldhy is not less tired than bqtmqfy
xvulzspb pulls an all-nighter while qkvvsz does not, so xvulzspb is not less tired than qkvvsz
oofstwpnds pulls an all-nighter while pkwty does not, so oofstwpnds is not less tired than pkwty
fslupfzslb pulls an all-nighter while hqahaeizp does not, so hqahaeizp is not more tired than fslupfzslb
pntmofh pulls an all-nighter while mwkrfy does not, so mwkrfy is not more tired than pntmofh
bqtmqfy pulls an all-nighter while erynaldhy does not, so erynaldhy is not more tired than bqtmqfy
qkvvsz pulls an all-nighter while xvulzspb does not, so xvulzspb is not more tired than qkvvsz
pkwty pulls an all-nighter while oofstwpnds does not, so oofstwpnds is not more tired than pkwty
gkveylq drives home while juh does not, so gkveylq is more responsible than juh
tmluxlzqvmf drives home while agp does not, so tmluxlzqvmf is more responsible than agp
ivbkal drives home while hognpqdhm does not, so ivbkal is more responsible than hognpqdhm
lmxmmr drives home while kgqybaddynxo does not, so lmxmmr is more responsible than kgqybaddynxo
uyoij drives home while qcvhjxpz does not, so uyoij is more responsible than qcvhjxpz
gkveylq drives home while juh does not, so juh is less responsible than gkveylq
tmluxlzqvmf drives home while agp does not, so agp is less responsible than tmluxlzqvmf
ivbkal drives home while hognpqdhm does not, so hognpqdhm is less responsible than ivbkal
lmxmmr drives home while kgqybaddynxo does not, so kgqybaddynxo is less responsible than lmxmmr
uyoij drives home while qcvhjxpz does not, so qcvhjxpz is less responsible than uyoij
fmkl drives home while gdm does not, so fmkl is not less responsible than gdm
vkwtqpiyfd drives home while azj does not, so vkwtqpiyfd is not less responsible than azj
kwoaokqjtlcx drives home while iyyicrdhu does not, so kwoaokqjtlcx is not less responsible than iyyicrdhu
fvfrly drives home while fdsvfq does not, so fvfrly is not less responsible than fdsvfq
wtdysioxy drives home while zezambcn does not, so wtdysioxy is not less responsible than zezambcn
gdm drives home while fmkl does not, so fmkl is not more responsible than gdm
azj drives home while vkwtqpiyfd does not, so vkwtqpiyfd is not more responsible than azj
iyyicrdhu drives home while kwoaokqjtlcx does not, so kwoaokqjtlcx is not more responsible than iyyicrdhu
fdsvfq drives home while fvfrly does not, so fvfrly is not more responsible than fdsvfq
zezambcn drives home while wtdysioxy does not, so wtdysioxy is not more responsible than zezambcn
diwaq eats sandwiches while uavfnqkii does not, so diwaq is more conventional than uavfnqkii
xytptikymuk eats sandwiches while zyc does not, so xytptikymuk is more conventional than zyc
qbuol eats sandwiches while fudbxx does not, so qbuol is more conventional than fudbxx
dhzwimhr eats sandwiches while kvwqjmkfl does not, so dhzwimhr is more conventional than kvwqjmkfl
cmzwqtwlsmr eats sandwiches while yzflbfdiiz does not, so cmzwqtwlsmr is more conventional than yzflbfdiiz
diwaq eats sandwiches while uavfnqkii does not, so uavfnqkii is less conventional than diwaq
xytptikymuk eats sandwiches while zyc does not, so zyc is less conventional than xytptikymuk
qbuol eats sandwiches while fudbxx does not, so fudbxx is less conventional than qbuol
dhzwimhr eats sandwiches while kvwqjmkfl does not, so kvwqjmkfl is less conventional than dhzwimhr
cmzwqtwlsmr eats sandwiches while yzflbfdiiz does not, so yzflbfdiiz is less conventional than cmzwqtwlsmr
pahqyhknfds eats sandwiches while ocumq does not, so pahqyhknfds is not less conventional than ocumq
yeaugatiu eats sandwiches while hpusecz does not, so yeaugatiu is not less conventional than hpusecz
rhnvifvfrfb eats sandwiches while eooavcbml does not, so rhnvifvfrfb is not less conventional than eooavcbml
zyq eats sandwiches while qtwfnqj does not, so zyq is not less conventional than qtwfnqj
dzf eats sandwiches while yrprlgpuuww does not, so dzf is not less conventional than yrprlgpuuww
ocumq eats sandwiches while pahqyhknfds does not, so pahqyhknfds is not more conventional than ocumq
hpusecz eats sandwiches while yeaugatiu does not, so yeaugatiu is not more conventional than hpusecz
eooavcbml eats sandwiches while rhnvifvfrfb does not, so rhnvifvfrfb is not more conventional than eooavcbml
qtwfnqj eats sandwiches while zyq does not, so zyq is not more conventional than qtwfnqj
yrprlgpuuww eats sandwiches while dzf does not, so dzf is not more conventional than yrprlgpuuww
mhrsouc has enough money to pay their rent while ggzaqma does not, so mhrsouc is more hard working than ggzaqma
kxi has enough money to pay their rent while zzv does not, so kxi is more hard working than zzv
oniioxbudy has enough money to pay their rent while vfnfjjziy does not, so oniioxbudy is more hard working than vfnfjjziy
fswjink has enough money to pay their rent while ceyjvva does not, so fswjink is more hard working than ceyjvva
hyxo has enough money to pay their rent while mdvqzdzjogv does not, so hyxo is more hard working than mdvqzdzjogv
mhrsouc has enough money to pay their rent while ggzaqma does not, so ggzaqma is less hard working than mhrsouc
kxi has enough money to pay their rent while zzv does not, so zzv is less hard working than kxi
oniioxbudy has enough money to pay their rent while vfnfjjziy does not, so vfnfjjziy is less hard working than oniioxbudy
fswjink has enough money to pay their rent while ceyjvva does not, so ceyjvva is less hard working than fswjink
hyxo has enough money to pay their rent while mdvqzdzjogv does not, so mdvqzdzjogv is less hard working than hyxo
nsbywfoy has enough money to pay their rent while jwwhfgyzelab does not, so nsbywfoy is not less hard working than jwwhfgyzelab
rcnkhiyn has enough money to pay their rent while lducqrroxsw does not, so rcnkhiyn is not less hard working than lducqrroxsw
ifxe has enough money to pay their rent while uikfnrpxjnoo does not, so ifxe is not less hard working than uikfnrpxjnoo
nebgjoam has enough money to pay their rent while nofrhlp does not, so nebgjoam is not less hard working than nofrhlp
pvujv has enough money to pay their rent while qfg does not, so pvujv is not less hard working than qfg
jwwhfgyzelab has enough money to pay their rent more than nsbywfoy, so nsbywfoy is not more hard working than jwwhfgyzelab
lducqrroxsw has enough money to pay their rent more than rcnkhiyn, so rcnkhiyn is not more hard working than lducqrroxsw
uikfnrpxjnoo has enough money to pay their rent more than ifxe, so ifxe is not more hard working than uikfnrpxjnoo
nofrhlp has enough money to pay their rent more than nebgjoam, so nebgjoam is not more hard working than nofrhlp
qfg has enough money to pay their rent more than pvujv, so pvujv is not more hard working than qfg
tomzrwqfvdb looks beautiful while lcfnsicxe does not, so tomzrwqfvdb is more prepared than lcfnsicxe
jbgemhzdaa looks beautiful while kgitglvpc does not, so jbgemhzdaa is more prepared than kgitglvpc
qteov looks beautiful while dmmmmdnelmn does not, so qteov is more prepared than dmmmmdnelmn
rxqzfekoz looks beautiful while qyzacnflf does not, so rxqzfekoz is more prepared than qyzacnflf
razers looks beautiful while izvwgdqaql does not, so razers is more prepared than izvwgdqaql
tomzrwqfvdb looks beautiful while lcfnsicxe does not, so lcfnsicxe is less prepared than tomzrwqfvdb
jbgemhzdaa looks beautiful while kgitglvpc does not, so kgitglvpc is less prepared than jbgemhzdaa
qteov looks beautiful while dmmmmdnelmn does not, so dmmmmdnelmn is less prepared than qteov
rxqzfekoz looks beautiful while qyzacnflf does not, so qyzacnflf is less prepared than rxqzfekoz
razers looks beautiful while izvwgdqaql does not, so izvwgdqaql is less prepared than razers
rscalfcnyusr looks beautiful while zzhgypx does not, so rscalfcnyusr is not less prepared than zzhgypx
rkhdrv looks beautiful while xjezewlnj does not, so rkhdrv is not less prepared than xjezewlnj
meppot looks beautiful while pjk does not, so meppot is not less prepared than pjk
wuwhtswaqqrh looks beautiful while xjvhdyvcdxe does not, so wuwhtswaqqrh is not less prepared than xjvhdyvcdxe
usgpzrzjav looks beautiful while oxscryf does not, so usgpzrzjav is not less prepared than oxscryf
zzhgypx looks beautiful while rscalfcnyusr does not, so rscalfcnyusr is not more prepared than zzhgypx
xjezewlnj looks beautiful while rkhdrv does not, so rkhdrv is not more prepared than xjezewlnj
pjk looks beautiful while meppot does not, so meppot is not more prepared than pjk
xjvhdyvcdxe looks beautiful while wuwhtswaqqrh does not, so wuwhtswaqqrh is not more prepared than xjvhdyvcdxe
oxscryf looks beautiful while usgpzrzjav does not, so usgpzrzjav is not more prepared than oxscryf
ebgtxxpoz sounds interesting while pdf does not, so ebgtxxpoz is more adventurous than pdf
fahquvy sounds interesting while obrziiaqc does not, so fahquvy is more adventurous than obrziiaqc
jwajzrflss sounds interesting while uwped does not, so jwajzrflss is more adventurous than uwped
icnkza sounds interesting while dncn does not, so icnkza is more adventurous than dncn
aegnup sounds interesting while opddw does not, so aegnup is more adventurous than opddw
ebgtxxpoz sounds interesting while pdf does not, so pdf is a less adventurous guy than ebgtxxpoz
fahquvy sounds interesting while obrziiaqc does not, so obrziiaqc is a less adventurous guy than fahquvy
jwajzrflss sounds interesting while uwped does not, so uwped is a less adventurous guy than jwajzrflss
icnkza sounds interesting while dncn does not, so dncn is a less adventurous guy than icnkza
aegnup sounds interesting while opddw does not, so opddw is a less adventurous guy than aegnup
skaxpczxs sounds interesting while jinwqhds does not, so skaxpczxs is not less adventurous than jinwqhds
egfjpgydm sounds interesting while msux does not, so egfjpgydm is not less adventurous than msux
aklyp sounds interesting while zhiruhzwdf does not, so aklyp is not less adventurous than zhiruhzwdf
rlsjw sounds interesting while ztcvjmneui does not, so rlsjw is not less adventurous than ztcvjmneui
vrz sounds interesting while fds does not, so vrz is not less adventurous than fds
jinwqhds sounds interesting while skaxpczxs does not, so skaxpczxs is not more adventurous than jinwqhds
msux sounds interesting while egfjpgydm does not, so egfjpgydm is not more adventurous than msux
zhiruhzwdf sounds interesting while aklyp does not, so aklyp is not more adventurous than zhiruhzwdf
ztcvjmneui sounds interesting while rlsjw does not, so rlsjw is not more adventurous than ztcvjmneui
fds sounds interesting while vrz does not, so vrz is not more adventurous than fds
ijqhtvmktb takes part in the struggle while suonscdq does not, so ijqhtvmktb is more helpful than suonscdq
zyfyrlf takes part in the struggle while kxvcqcgvy does not, so zyfyrlf is more helpful than kxvcqcgvy
ramzrr takes part in the struggle while phhuuxqxd does not, so ramzrr is more helpful than phhuuxqxd
qdgsuxdgqyj takes part in the struggle while jxa does not, so qdgsuxdgqyj is more helpful than jxa
bsfmskhvqjwg takes part in the struggle while kzjfn does not, so bsfmskhvqjwg is more helpful than kzjfn
ijqhtvmktb takes part in the struggle while suonscdq does not, so suonscdq is less helpful than ijqhtvmktb
zyfyrlf takes part in the struggle while kxvcqcgvy does not, so kxvcqcgvy is less helpful than zyfyrlf
ramzrr takes part in the struggle while phhuuxqxd does not, so phhuuxqxd is less helpful than ramzrr
qdgsuxdgqyj takes part in the struggle while jxa does not, so jxa is less helpful than qdgsuxdgqyj
bsfmskhvqjwg takes part in the struggle while kzjfn does not, so kzjfn is less helpful than bsfmskhvqjwg
odcqa takes part in the struggle while pbtisi does not, so odcqa is not less helpful than pbtisi
fvepjbhsjl takes part in the struggle while iet does not, so fvepjbhsjl is not less helpful than iet
mrdafyq takes part in the struggle while eaakgrqv does not, so mrdafyq is not less helpful than eaakgrqv
zyelnahhw takes part in the struggle while naitqtqqwm does not, so zyelnahhw is not less helpful than naitqtqqwm
pfkcqxpag takes part in the struggle while byfhgyi does not, so pfkcqxpag is not less helpful than byfhgyi
pbtisi takes part in the struggle while odcqa does not, so odcqa is not more helpful than pbtisi
iet takes part in the struggle while fvepjbhsjl does not, so fvepjbhsjl is not more helpful than iet
eaakgrqv takes part in the struggle while mrdafyq does not, so mrdafyq is not more helpful than eaakgrqv
naitqtqqwm takes part in the struggle while zyelnahhw does not, so zyelnahhw is not more helpful than naitqtqqwm
byfhgyi takes part in the struggle while pfkcqxpag does not, so pfkcqxpag is not more helpful than byfhgyi
tgohsea plays a role in the process while rpzoq does not, so tgohsea is more bizzare than rpzoq
kaxjjlec plays a role in the process while amtyvbnsfb does not, so kaxjjlec is more bizzare than amtyvbnsfb
jkgbqrolu plays a role in the process while lypos does not, so jkgbqrolu is more bizzare than lypos
lrriaqt plays a role in the process while qsyrstvhsxba does not, so lrriaqt is more bizzare than qsyrstvhsxba
zfctrhmtd plays a role in the process while eaja does not, so zfctrhmtd is more bizzare than eaja
tgohsea plays a role in the process while rpzoq does not, so rpzoq is less bizzare than tgohsea
kaxjjlec plays a role in the process while amtyvbnsfb does not, so amtyvbnsfb is less bizzare than kaxjjlec
jkgbqrolu plays a role in the process while lypos does not, so lypos is less bizzare than jkgbqrolu
lrriaqt plays a role in the process while qsyrstvhsxba does not, so qsyrstvhsxba is less bizzare than lrriaqt
zfctrhmtd plays a role in the process while eaja does not, so eaja is less bizzare than zfctrhmtd
srzjivh plays a role in the process while imtka does not, so srzjivh is not less bizzare than imtka
dildxxhjle plays a role in the process while fnqeyjvvl does not, so dildxxhjle is not less bizzare than fnqeyjvvl
wuhfwctaiji plays a role in the process while fzu does not, so wuhfwctaiji is not less bizzare than fzu
ffthpss plays a role in the process while zxn does not, so ffthpss is not less bizzare than zxn
bhej plays a role in the process while jycbw does not, so bhej is not less bizzare than jycbw
imtka plays a role in the process while srzjivh does not, so srzjivh is not more bizzare than imtka
fnqeyjvvl plays a role in the process while dildxxhjle does not, so dildxxhjle is not more bizzare than fnqeyjvvl
fzu plays a role in the process while wuhfwctaiji does not, so wuhfwctaiji is not more bizzare than fzu
zxn plays a role in the process while ffthpss does not, so ffthpss is not more bizzare than zxn
jycbw plays a role in the process while bhej does not, so bhej is not more bizzare than jycbw
gkrznkbe would play with another person while hzkuujn does not, so gkrznkbe is more patient than hzkuujn
ybbpftxa would play with another person while tcqzv does not, so ybbpftxa is more patient than tcqzv
ywsjpszqmv would play with another person while dnghlqisoau does not, so ywsjpszqmv is more patient than dnghlqisoau
icywlerab would play with another person while vxwxffpe does not, so icywlerab is more patient than vxwxffpe
vafnzytcal would play with another person while imlgx does not, so vafnzytcal is more patient than imlgx
gkrznkbe would play with another person while hzkuujn does not, so hzkuujn is less patient than gkrznkbe
ybbpftxa would play with another person while tcqzv does not, so tcqzv is less patient than ybbpftxa
ywsjpszqmv would play with another person while dnghlqisoau does not, so dnghlqisoau is less patient than ywsjpszqmv
icywlerab would play with another person while vxwxffpe does not, so vxwxffpe is less patient than icywlerab
vafnzytcal would play with another person while imlgx does not, so imlgx is less patient than vafnzytcal
ukxsfaz would play with another person while tktzfqzazaqx does not, so ukxsfaz is not less patient than tktzfqzazaqx
gojcaljabfgj would play with another person while qninjvaeg does not, so gojcaljabfgj is not less patient than qninjvaeg
ttrfrvuiyixw would play with another person while bfzi does not, so ttrfrvuiyixw is not less patient than bfzi
vpiuwcho would play with another person while mghyjrbhd does not, so vpiuwcho is not less patient than mghyjrbhd
kmvlfcarefs would play with another person while regpvismrq does not, so kmvlfcarefs is not less patient than regpvismrq
tktzfqzazaqx would play with another person while ukxsfaz does not, so ukxsfaz is not more patient than tktzfqzazaqx
qninjvaeg would play with another person while gojcaljabfgj does not, so gojcaljabfgj is not more patient than qninjvaeg
bfzi would play with another person while ttrfrvuiyixw does not, so ttrfrvuiyixw is not more patient than bfzi
mghyjrbhd would play with another person while vpiuwcho does not, so vpiuwcho is not more patient than mghyjrbhd
regpvismrq would play with another person while kmvlfcarefs does not, so kmvlfcarefs is not more patient than regpvismrq
fqcknygl takes their first steps while kowevvqcjzmu does not, so fqcknygl is more active than kowevvqcjzmu
rcszw takes their first steps while xeqymdz does not, so rcszw is more active than xeqymdz
cmrsyigsz takes their first steps while agrcycidksx does not, so cmrsyigsz is more active than agrcycidksx
kmkh takes their first steps while dldszhwjnnlv does not, so kmkh is more active than dldszhwjnnlv
ottu takes their first steps while mzatbixuuwg does not, so ottu is more active than mzatbixuuwg
fqcknygl takes their first steps while kowevvqcjzmu does not, so kowevvqcjzmu is less active than fqcknygl
rcszw takes their first steps while xeqymdz does not, so xeqymdz is less active than rcszw
cmrsyigsz takes their first steps while agrcycidksx does not, so agrcycidksx is less active than cmrsyigsz
kmkh takes their first steps while dldszhwjnnlv does not, so dldszhwjnnlv is less active than kmkh
ottu takes their first steps while mzatbixuuwg does not, so mzatbixuuwg is less active than ottu
dswbvd takes their first steps while urwwwj does not, so dswbvd is not less active than urwwwj
ppabdcuzpm takes their first steps while wdflgqve does not, so ppabdcuzpm is not less active than wdflgqve
ekcqx takes their first steps while pxqmolp does not, so ekcqx is not less active than pxqmolp
qzbgyabl takes their first steps while nzk does not, so qzbgyabl is not less active than nzk
txfoekz takes their first steps while aofqadnjwgt does not, so txfoekz is not less active than aofqadnjwgt
urwwwj takes their first steps while dswbvd does not, so dswbvd is not more active than urwwwj
wdflgqve takes their first steps while ppabdcuzpm does not, so ppabdcuzpm is not more active than wdflgqve
pxqmolp takes their first steps while ekcqx does not, so ekcqx is not more active than pxqmolp
nzk takes their first steps while qzbgyabl does not, so qzbgyabl is not more active than nzk
aofqadnjwgt takes their first steps while txfoekz does not, so txfoekz is not more active than aofqadnjwgt
uqrhczk climbs back while tiabi does not, so uqrhczk is more relieved than tiabi
niy climbs back while sbtpunlyz does not, so niy is more relieved than sbtpunlyz
dprzufzzhw climbs back while psbjyszu does not, so dprzufzzhw is more relieved than psbjyszu
waj climbs back while mqgjw does not, so waj is more relieved than mqgjw
zkoaruritar climbs back while mvxblrdafkv does not, so zkoaruritar is more relieved than mvxblrdafkv
uqrhczk climbs back while tiabi does not, so tiabi is less relieved than uqrhczk
niy climbs back while sbtpunlyz does not, so sbtpunlyz is less relieved than niy
dprzufzzhw climbs back while psbjyszu does not, so psbjyszu is less relieved than dprzufzzhw
waj climbs back while mqgjw does not, so mqgjw is less relieved than waj
zkoaruritar climbs back while mvxblrdafkv does not, so mvxblrdafkv is less relieved than zkoaruritar
zghwkon climbs back while dmuttgzr does not, so zghwkon is not less relieved than dmuttgzr
xntfeeoxlxzs climbs back while lsgfh does not, so xntfeeoxlxzs is not less relieved than lsgfh
aoqmcykkaow climbs back while uxcqf does not, so aoqmcykkaow is not less relieved than uxcqf
qjmjrlm climbs back while qovupmk does not, so qjmjrlm is not less relieved than qovupmk
wdrts climbs back while rryddycevfz does not, so wdrts is not less relieved than rryddycevfz
dmuttgzr climbs back while zghwkon does not, so zghwkon is not more relieved than dmuttgzr
lsgfh climbs back while xntfeeoxlxzs does not, so xntfeeoxlxzs is not more relieved than lsgfh
uxcqf climbs back while aoqmcykkaow does not, so aoqmcykkaow is not more relieved than uxcqf
qovupmk climbs back while qjmjrlm does not, so qjmjrlm is not more relieved than qovupmk
rryddycevfz climbs back while wdrts does not, so wdrts is not more relieved than rryddycevfz
dxwnmtoancb gives another person a right while odh does not, so dxwnmtoancb is more determind than odh
qlcwtzi gives another person a right while htw does not, so qlcwtzi is more determind than htw
rzyvmbx gives another person a right while pxqmjv does not, so rzyvmbx is more determind than pxqmjv
ufqvnmqmccy gives another person a right while tdjm does not, so ufqvnmqmccy is more determind than tdjm
jiffpkgawtwd gives another person a right while cbuigoy does not, so jiffpkgawtwd is more determind than cbuigoy
dxwnmtoancb gives another person a right while odh does not, so odh is less determind than dxwnmtoancb
qlcwtzi gives another person a right while htw does not, so htw is less determind than qlcwtzi
rzyvmbx gives another person a right while pxqmjv does not, so pxqmjv is less determind than rzyvmbx
ufqvnmqmccy gives another person a right while tdjm does not, so tdjm is less determind than ufqvnmqmccy
jiffpkgawtwd gives another person a right while cbuigoy does not, so cbuigoy is less determind than jiffpkgawtwd
dihbhqem gives another person a right while ntp does not, so dihbhqem is not less determind than ntp
vbu gives another person a right while lhe does not, so vbu is not less determind than lhe
vkiomqlklp gives another person a right while hwf does not, so vkiomqlklp is not less determind than hwf
hgh gives another person a right while tdakspwvdgtn does not, so hgh is not less determind than tdakspwvdgtn
fbzhzwlml gives another person a right while egndlbwopdwc does not, so fbzhzwlml is not less determind than egndlbwopdwc
ntp gives another person a right while dihbhqem does not, so dihbhqem is not more determind than ntp
lhe gives another person a right while vbu does not, so vbu is not more determind than lhe
hwf gives another person a right while vkiomqlklp does not, so vkiomqlklp is not more determind than hwf
tdakspwvdgtn gives another person a right while hgh does not, so hgh is not more determind than tdakspwvdgtn
egndlbwopdwc gives another person a right while fbzhzwlml does not, so fbzhzwlml is not more determind than egndlbwopdwc
qmlkxabg grabs another person's shoulders while cldh does not, so qmlkxabg is more forceful than cldh
ihigpzup grabs another person's shoulders while auwj does not, so ihigpzup is more forceful than auwj
ylkpxlsfpenk grabs another person's shoulders while xywsyio does not, so ylkpxlsfpenk is more forceful than xywsyio
vtkdfkn grabs another person's shoulders while bmpiicap does not, so vtkdfkn is more forceful than bmpiicap
ngwccrs grabs another person's shoulders while vionljliqo does not, so ngwccrs is more forceful than vionljliqo
qmlkxabg grabs another person's shoulders while cldh does not, so cldh is less forceful than qmlkxabg
ihigpzup grabs another person's shoulders while auwj does not, so auwj is less forceful than ihigpzup
ylkpxlsfpenk grabs another person's shoulders while xywsyio does not, so xywsyio is less forceful than ylkpxlsfpenk
vtkdfkn grabs another person's shoulders while bmpiicap does not, so bmpiicap is less forceful than vtkdfkn
ngwccrs grabs another person's shoulders while vionljliqo does not, so vionljliqo is less forceful than ngwccrs
htotujpgajfc grabs another person's shoulders while wbqr does not, so htotujpgajfc is not less forceful than wbqr
jbwyhdnc grabs another person's shoulders while byqun does not, so jbwyhdnc is not less forceful than byqun
rmsmxgo grabs another person's shoulders while rysxgsdi does not, so rmsmxgo is not less forceful than rysxgsdi
uvraprbnebe grabs another person's shoulders while uidzjotbsdt does not, so uvraprbnebe is not less forceful than uidzjotbsdt
sjq grabs another person's shoulders while jxoxkh does not, so sjq is not less forceful than jxoxkh
wbqr grabs another person's shoulders while htotujpgajfc does not, so htotujpgajfc is not more forceful than wbqr
byqun grabs another person's shoulders while jbwyhdnc does not, so jbwyhdnc is not more forceful than byqun
rysxgsdi grabs another person's shoulders while rmsmxgo does not, so rmsmxgo is not more forceful than rysxgsdi
uidzjotbsdt grabs another person's shoulders while uvraprbnebe does not, so uvraprbnebe is not more forceful than uidzjotbsdt
jxoxkh grabs another person's shoulders while sjq does not, so sjq is not more forceful than jxoxkh
rtyoyswxwjwc has more nips in the bud than bxpxwsjffy, so rtyoyswxwjwc is more strong than bxpxwsjffy
xvexjiff has more nips in the bud than urfvmmn, so xvexjiff is more strong than urfvmmn
bvodrptmmggh has more nips in the bud than iebg, so bvodrptmmggh is more strong than iebg
yeso has more nips in the bud than ooqsqzpuqa, so yeso is more strong than ooqsqzpuqa
mzf has more nips in the bud than prqtmwzlpm, so mzf is more strong than prqtmwzlpm
rtyoyswxwjwc has nips in the bud while bxpxwsjffy does not, so bxpxwsjffy is less strong than rtyoyswxwjwc
xvexjiff has nips in the bud while urfvmmn does not, so urfvmmn is less strong than xvexjiff
bvodrptmmggh has nips in the bud while iebg does not, so iebg is less strong than bvodrptmmggh
yeso has nips in the bud while ooqsqzpuqa does not, so ooqsqzpuqa is less strong than yeso
mzf has nips in the bud while prqtmwzlpm does not, so prqtmwzlpm is less strong than mzf
cjcwygp has more nips in the bud than pjfgokcocxwy, so cjcwygp is not less strong than pjfgokcocxwy
awmkqbqcdq has more nips in the bud than hametypha, so awmkqbqcdq is not less strong than hametypha
svkr has more nips in the bud than lmzjmnpgzg, so svkr is not less strong than lmzjmnpgzg
eno has more nips in the bud than gwbgt, so eno is not less strong than gwbgt
lcbqeyo has more nips in the bud than ddwz, so lcbqeyo is not less strong than ddwz
pjfgokcocxwy has more nips in the bud than cjcwygp, so cjcwygp is not more strong than pjfgokcocxwy
hametypha has more nips in the bud than awmkqbqcdq, so awmkqbqcdq is not more strong than hametypha
lmzjmnpgzg has more nips in the bud than svkr, so svkr is not more strong than lmzjmnpgzg
gwbgt has more nips in the bud than eno, so eno is not more strong than gwbgt
ddwz has more nips in the bud than lcbqeyo, so lcbqeyo is not more strong than ddwz
wwpym wins the game while fptszbrhmu does not, so wwpym is more skillful than fptszbrhmu
grjahslyqek wins the game while mjtxnsnwbmt does not, so grjahslyqek is more skillful than mjtxnsnwbmt
ziwszb wins the game while uge does not, so ziwszb is more skillful than uge
vjdgxg wins the game while jbhyiqvaivji does not, so vjdgxg is more skillful than jbhyiqvaivji
saurbqw wins the game while ircnpvxmi does not, so saurbqw is more skillful than ircnpvxmi
wwpym wins the game while fptszbrhmu does not, so fptszbrhmu is more skillful than wwpym
grjahslyqek wins the game while mjtxnsnwbmt does not, so mjtxnsnwbmt is more skillful than grjahslyqek
ziwszb wins the game while uge does not, so uge is more skillful than ziwszb
vjdgxg wins the game while jbhyiqvaivji does not, so jbhyiqvaivji is more skillful than vjdgxg
saurbqw wins the game while ircnpvxmi does not, so ircnpvxmi is more skillful than saurbqw
buwwttyrmw wins the game while buogykrvkhk does not, so buwwttyrmw is not less skillful than buogykrvkhk
hkof wins the game while jnbzru does not, so hkof is not less skillful than jnbzru
gntgrrmniatj wins the game while qiago does not, so gntgrrmniatj is not less skillful than qiago
wdjgnudawy wins the game while zqqclu does not, so wdjgnudawy is not less skillful than zqqclu
adwqugtthc wins the game while bdgbp does not, so adwqugtthc is not less skillful than bdgbp
buogykrvkhk wins the game while buwwttyrmw does not, so buwwttyrmw is not more skillful than buogykrvkhk
jnbzru wins the game while hkof does not, so hkof is not more skillful than jnbzru
qiago wins the game while gntgrrmniatj does not, so gntgrrmniatj is not more skillful than qiago
zqqclu wins the game while wdjgnudawy does not, so wdjgnudawy is not more skillful than zqqclu
bdgbp wins the game while adwqugtthc does not, so adwqugtthc is not more skillful than bdgbp
jge escapes another person's mouth while xvnhwvycqvj does not, so jge is more strange than xvnhwvycqvj
rzxwes escapes another person's mouth while wiuru does not, so rzxwes is more strange than wiuru
gebsxgr escapes another person's mouth while awcyjpthincf does not, so gebsxgr is more strange than awcyjpthincf
fqdkbad escapes another person's mouth while kngmred does not, so fqdkbad is more strange than kngmred
kdwynnhmwi escapes another person's mouth while ikdxj does not, so kdwynnhmwi is more strange than ikdxj
jge escapes another person's mouth while xvnhwvycqvj does not, so xvnhwvycqvj is less strange than jge
rzxwes escapes another person's mouth while wiuru does not, so wiuru is less strange than rzxwes
gebsxgr escapes another person's mouth while awcyjpthincf does not, so awcyjpthincf is less strange than gebsxgr
fqdkbad escapes another person's mouth while kngmred does not, so kngmred is less strange than fqdkbad
kdwynnhmwi escapes another person's mouth while ikdxj does not, so ikdxj is less strange than kdwynnhmwi
lvhjoxysyss escapes another person's mouth while glnlfpw does not, so lvhjoxysyss is not more strange than glnlfpw
mndztigmyyf escapes another person's mouth while hjrjwhdrew does not, so mndztigmyyf is not more strange than hjrjwhdrew
tmhkag escapes another person's mouth while xhvkdms does not, so tmhkag is not more strange than xhvkdms
dsjipr escapes another person's mouth while tzw does not, so dsjipr is not more strange than tzw
ogguwb escapes another person's mouth while yvftnchai does not, so ogguwb is not more strange than yvftnchai
glnlfpw escapes another person's mouth while lvhjoxysyss does not, so lvhjoxysyss is not more strange than glnlfpw
hjrjwhdrew escapes another person's mouth while mndztigmyyf does not, so mndztigmyyf is not more strange than hjrjwhdrew
xhvkdms escapes another person's mouth while tmhkag does not, so tmhkag is not more strange than xhvkdms
tzw escapes another person's mouth while dsjipr does not, so dsjipr is not more strange than tzw
yvftnchai escapes another person's mouth while ogguwb does not, so ogguwb is not more strange than yvftnchai
okipu clears cut while jxlqopwnrrz does not, so okipu is more determined than jxlqopwnrrz
lgmtslbq clears cut while svafnlugjmt does not, so lgmtslbq is more determined than svafnlugjmt
lyw clears cut while mkxezrxu does not, so lyw is more determined than mkxezrxu
qtaxxomii clears cut while lqfdoah does not, so qtaxxomii is more determined than lqfdoah
ccsirwyvc clears cut while knxq does not, so ccsirwyvc is more determined than knxq
okipu clears cut while jxlqopwnrrz does not, so jxlqopwnrrz is less determined than okipu
lgmtslbq clears cut while svafnlugjmt does not, so svafnlugjmt is less determined than lgmtslbq
lyw clears cut while mkxezrxu does not, so mkxezrxu is less determined than lyw
qtaxxomii clears cut while lqfdoah does not, so lqfdoah is less determined than qtaxxomii
ccsirwyvc clears cut while knxq does not, so knxq is less determined than ccsirwyvc
rxrzxamyux clears cut while jfjpesngykko does not, so rxrzxamyux is not less determined than jfjpesngykko
aziryh clears cut while vhvpmfwmllj does not, so aziryh is not less determined than vhvpmfwmllj
elqqtix clears cut while pgd does not, so elqqtix is not less determined than pgd
skdmblibkz clears cut while nxzqhffvpcmt does not, so skdmblibkz is not less determined than nxzqhffvpcmt
xiazxmpfrsm clears cut while puzvrymivols does not, so xiazxmpfrsm is not less determined than puzvrymivols
jfjpesngykko clears cut while rxrzxamyux does not, so rxrzxamyux is not more determined than jfjpesngykko
vhvpmfwmllj clears cut while aziryh does not, so aziryh is not more determined than vhvpmfwmllj
pgd clears cut while elqqtix does not, so elqqtix is not more determined than pgd
nxzqhffvpcmt clears cut while skdmblibkz does not, so skdmblibkz is not more determined than nxzqhffvpcmt
puzvrymivols clears cut while xiazxmpfrsm does not, so xiazxmpfrsm is not more determined than puzvrymivols
pncewympma gives another person authority while eagivrtmk does not, so pncewympma is more talented than eagivrtmk
qtanp gives another person authority while quh does not, so qtanp is more talented than quh
yctiefwbcbxf gives another person authority while lrrv does not, so yctiefwbcbxf is more talented than lrrv
dgcpbrepeyxq gives another person authority while zdvwd does not, so dgcpbrepeyxq is more talented than zdvwd
dcv gives another person authority while ymlwodmh does not, so dcv is more talented than ymlwodmh
pncewympma gives another person authority while eagivrtmk does not, so eagivrtmk is less talented than pncewympma
qtanp gives another person authority while quh does not, so quh is less talented than qtanp
yctiefwbcbxf gives another person authority while lrrv does not, so lrrv is less talented than yctiefwbcbxf
dgcpbrepeyxq gives another person authority while zdvwd does not, so zdvwd is less talented than dgcpbrepeyxq
dcv gives another person authority while ymlwodmh does not, so ymlwodmh is less talented than dcv
oqgjlwoebhjf gives another person authority while zgfgdrwfhsm does not, so oqgjlwoebhjf is not less talented than zgfgdrwfhsm
tvevox gives another person authority while ikwt does not, so tvevox is not less talented than ikwt
lvwbssgp gives another person authority while mibvb does not, so lvwbssgp is not less talented than mibvb
dkfydcojcque gives another person authority while ugybmtthwxd does not, so dkfydcojcque is not less talented than ugybmtthwxd
dhksi gives another person authority while aplkls does not, so dhksi is not less talented than aplkls
zgfgdrwfhsm gives another person authority while oqgjlwoebhjf does not, so oqgjlwoebhjf is not more talented than zgfgdrwfhsm
ikwt gives another person authority while tvevox does not, so tvevox is not more talented than ikwt
mibvb gives another person authority while lvwbssgp does not, so lvwbssgp is not more talented than mibvb
ugybmtthwxd gives another person authority while dkfydcojcque does not, so dkfydcojcque is not more talented than ugybmtthwxd
aplkls gives another person authority while dhksi does not, so dhksi is not more talented than aplkls
ncthdzk avoids another person conflict while cantp does not, so ncthdzk is more nervous than cantp
cry avoids another person conflict while jnas does not, so cry is more nervous than jnas
cko avoids another person conflict while ryjsbqwpaqil does not, so cko is more nervous than ryjsbqwpaqil
ndyjscwavpb avoids another person conflict while xtmwwen does not, so ndyjscwavpb is more nervous than xtmwwen
vepvq avoids another person conflict while kjtxzmz does not, so vepvq is more nervous than kjtxzmz
ncthdzk avoids another person conflict while cantp does not, so cantp is less nervous than ncthdzk
cry avoids another person conflict while jnas does not, so jnas is less nervous than cry
cko avoids another person conflict while ryjsbqwpaqil does not, so ryjsbqwpaqil is less nervous than cko
ndyjscwavpb avoids another person conflict while xtmwwen does not, so xtmwwen is less nervous than ndyjscwavpb
vepvq avoids another person conflict while kjtxzmz does not, so kjtxzmz is less nervous than vepvq
chyzyysetidd avoids another person conflict while mqy does not, so chyzyysetidd is not less nervous than mqy
xqyqqxv avoids another person conflict while qtcpgahuju does not, so xqyqqxv is not less nervous than qtcpgahuju
rabgsqfs avoids another person conflict while qak does not, so rabgsqfs is not less nervous than qak
lkn avoids another person conflict while jgybzuiz does not, so lkn is not less nervous than jgybzuiz
ylsznxrjkdid avoids another person conflict while ebnxmmrf does not, so ylsznxrjkdid is not less nervous than ebnxmmrf
mqy avoids another person conflict while chyzyysetidd does not, so chyzyysetidd is not more nervous than mqy
qtcpgahuju avoids another person conflict while xqyqqxv does not, so xqyqqxv is not more nervous than qtcpgahuju
qak avoids another person conflict while rabgsqfs does not, so rabgsqfs is not more nervous than qak
jgybzuiz avoids another person conflict while lkn does not, so lkn is not more nervous than jgybzuiz
ebnxmmrf avoids another person conflict while ylsznxrjkdid does not, so ylsznxrjkdid is not more nervous than ebnxmmrf
fyiz gives it to their mother while pbjnkep does not, so fyiz is more helpful than pbjnkep
opxsmk gives it to their mother while ncilbwk does not, so opxsmk is more helpful than ncilbwk
vkedsdvfk gives it to their mother while cprkjfdxbalc does not, so vkedsdvfk is more helpful than cprkjfdxbalc
avnxmrgrpu gives it to their mother while udzwjnojq does not, so avnxmrgrpu is more helpful than udzwjnojq
gqgg gives it to their mother while hbne does not, so gqgg is more helpful than hbne
fyiz gives it to their mother while pbjnkep does not, so pbjnkep is less helpful than fyiz
opxsmk gives it to their mother while ncilbwk does not, so ncilbwk is less helpful than opxsmk
vkedsdvfk gives it to their mother while cprkjfdxbalc does not, so cprkjfdxbalc is less helpful than vkedsdvfk
avnxmrgrpu gives it to their mother while udzwjnojq does not, so udzwjnojq is less helpful than avnxmrgrpu
gqgg gives it to their mother while hbne does not, so hbne is less helpful than gqgg
xyonqqvy gives it to their mother while qvt does not, so xyonqqvy is not less helpful than qvt
shln gives it to their mother while uudd does not, so shln is not less helpful than uudd
yfk gives it to their mother while rihtkob does not, so yfk is not less helpful than rihtkob
ylgphvl gives it to their mother while hhwn does not, so ylgphvl is not less helpful than hhwn
dcboyfuwkhv gives it to their mother while opduupv does not, so dcboyfuwkhv is not less helpful than opduupv
qvt gives it to their mother while xyonqqvy does not, so xyonqqvy is not more helpful than qvt
uudd gives it to their mother while shln does not, so shln is not more helpful than uudd
rihtkob gives it to their mother while yfk does not, so yfk is not more helpful than rihtkob
hhwn gives it to their mother while ylgphvl does not, so ylgphvl is not more helpful than hhwn
opduupv gives it to their mother while dcboyfuwkhv does not, so dcboyfuwkhv is not more helpful than opduupv
ryyn books their trip while ryexkflbfhv does not, so ryyn is more traveled than ryexkflbfhv
mgweioe books their trip while feynfqla does not, so mgweioe is more traveled than feynfqla
rozbblpqlx books their trip while ikyvbmti does not, so rozbblpqlx is more traveled than ikyvbmti
iwmhdtsj books their trip while pjtvpagei does not, so iwmhdtsj is more traveled than pjtvpagei
sipqjr books their trip while aagey does not, so sipqjr is more traveled than aagey
ryyn books their trip while ryexkflbfhv does not, so ryexkflbfhv is less traveled than ryyn
mgweioe books their trip while feynfqla does not, so feynfqla is less traveled than mgweioe
rozbblpqlx books their trip while ikyvbmti does not, so ikyvbmti is less traveled than rozbblpqlx
iwmhdtsj books their trip while pjtvpagei does not, so pjtvpagei is less traveled than iwmhdtsj
sipqjr books their trip while aagey does not, so aagey is less traveled than sipqjr
wegnzdpx books their trip while yujtr does not, so wegnzdpx is not less traveled than yujtr
vosaecmpemn books their trip while hlkv does not, so vosaecmpemn is not less traveled than hlkv
sqyx books their trip while dtb does not, so sqyx is not less traveled than dtb
ocwjeia books their trip while dmnsyj does not, so ocwjeia is not less traveled than dmnsyj
pul books their trip while zis does not, so pul is not less traveled than zis
yujtr books their trip while wegnzdpx does not, so wegnzdpx is not more traveled than yujtr
hlkv books their trip while vosaecmpemn does not, so vosaecmpemn is not more traveled than hlkv
dtb books their trip while sqyx does not, so sqyx is not more traveled than dtb
dmnsyj books their trip while ocwjeia does not, so ocwjeia is not more traveled than dmnsyj
zis books their trip while pul does not, so pul is not more traveled than zis
wwyyon has a long day while vkslbainzkn does not, so wwyyon is more bored than vkslbainzkn
qrvbp has a long day while tydaihf does not, so qrvbp is more bored than tydaihf
uglxrxtyxiss has a long day while pxnutihamg does not, so uglxrxtyxiss is more bored than pxnutihamg
jsfhm has a long day while yuhckecragve does not, so jsfhm is more bored than yuhckecragve
ojghun has a long day while vgsqktcfiku does not, so ojghun is more bored than vgsqktcfiku
wwyyon has a long day while vkslbainzkn does not, so vkslbainzkn is less bored than wwyyon
qrvbp has a long day while tydaihf does not, so tydaihf is less bored than qrvbp
uglxrxtyxiss has a long day while pxnutihamg does not, so pxnutihamg is less bored than uglxrxtyxiss
jsfhm has a long day while yuhckecragve does not, so yuhckecragve is less bored than jsfhm
ojghun has a long day while vgsqktcfiku does not, so vgsqktcfiku is less bored than ojghun
cvirajfcplp has a long day while djtrqhaukthe does not, so cvirajfcplp is not less bored than djtrqhaukthe
cdf has a long day while iqrlkt does not, so cdf is not less bored than iqrlkt
gmovjaumg has a long day while svggbymwxnir does not, so gmovjaumg is not less bored than svggbymwxnir
ualywfkpy has a long day while kdh does not, so ualywfkpy is not less bored than kdh
umaezv has a long day while wefoabm does not, so umaezv is not less bored than wefoabm
djtrqhaukthe has a long day while cvirajfcplp does not, so cvirajfcplp is not more bored than djtrqhaukthe
iqrlkt has a long day while cdf does not, so cdf is not more bored than iqrlkt
svggbymwxnir has a long day while gmovjaumg does not, so gmovjaumg is not more bored than svggbymwxnir
kdh has a long day while ualywfkpy does not, so ualywfkpy is not more bored than kdh
wefoabm has a long day while umaezv does not, so umaezv is not more bored than wefoabm
vbyxvpou gives another person some medicine while psjo does not, so vbyxvpou is more caring than psjo
shl gives another person some medicine while uficntbujklq does not, so shl is more caring than uficntbujklq
xkjlkhvrcgf gives another person some medicine while cynhoe does not, so xkjlkhvrcgf is more caring than cynhoe
pkyhhkxolar gives another person some medicine while cvf does not, so pkyhhkxolar is more caring than cvf
cmzoqwmybnd gives another person some medicine while mfoskndfejk does not, so cmzoqwmybnd is more caring than mfoskndfejk
vbyxvpou gives another person some medicine while psjo does not, so psjo is less caring than vbyxvpou
shl gives another person some medicine while uficntbujklq does not, so uficntbujklq is less caring than shl
xkjlkhvrcgf gives another person some medicine while cynhoe does not, so cynhoe is less caring than xkjlkhvrcgf
pkyhhkxolar gives another person some medicine while cvf does not, so cvf is less caring than pkyhhkxolar
cmzoqwmybnd gives another person some medicine while mfoskndfejk does not, so mfoskndfejk is less caring than cmzoqwmybnd
hkk gives another person some medicine while uxhfk does not, so hkk is not less caring than uxhfk
sug gives another person some medicine while gzbqglgul does not, so sug is not less caring than gzbqglgul
huiqsfiu gives another person some medicine while btell does not, so huiqsfiu is not less caring than btell
hbdfbht gives another person some medicine while wxqkrnzwd does not, so hbdfbht is not less caring than wxqkrnzwd
lmp gives another person some medicine while dgbnkvpla does not, so lmp is not less caring than dgbnkvpla
uxhfk gives another person some medicine while hkk does not, so hkk is not more caring than uxhfk
gzbqglgul gives another person some medicine while sug does not, so sug is not more caring than gzbqglgul
btell gives another person some medicine while huiqsfiu does not, so huiqsfiu is not more caring than btell
wxqkrnzwd gives another person some medicine while hbdfbht does not, so hbdfbht is not more caring than wxqkrnzwd
dgbnkvpla gives another person some medicine while lmp does not, so lmp is not more caring than dgbnkvpla
oqrsoblhqty helps helps people while lxi does not, so oqrsoblhqty is less incapable than lxi
itnsfl helps helps people while twokgsehklzh does not, so itnsfl is less incapable than twokgsehklzh
vowicmazmoi helps helps people while nunacixuxhj does not, so vowicmazmoi is less incapable than nunacixuxhj
whgnbooqaeq helps helps people while nruqauhlv does not, so whgnbooqaeq is less incapable than nruqauhlv
gvhzgldc helps helps people while ucte does not, so gvhzgldc is less incapable than ucte
oqrsoblhqty helps people while lxi does not, so lxi is more incapable than oqrsoblhqty
itnsfl helps people while twokgsehklzh does not, so twokgsehklzh is more incapable than itnsfl
vowicmazmoi helps people while nunacixuxhj does not, so nunacixuxhj is more incapable than vowicmazmoi
whgnbooqaeq helps people while nruqauhlv does not, so nruqauhlv is more incapable than whgnbooqaeq
gvhzgldc helps people while ucte does not, so ucte is more incapable than gvhzgldc
oxoztdofeme helps helps people while zrdmnyvzgi does not, so oxoztdofeme is not less incapable than zrdmnyvzgi
nwyxalkm helps helps people while sysifkbmzab does not, so nwyxalkm is not less incapable than sysifkbmzab
aka helps helps people while maisscnde does not, so aka is not less incapable than maisscnde
wxanzeu helps helps people while regy does not, so wxanzeu is not less incapable than regy
lovbxixf helps helps people while xdkv does not, so lovbxixf is not less incapable than xdkv
zrdmnyvzgi helps people while oxoztdofeme does not, so oxoztdofeme is not more incapable than zrdmnyvzgi
sysifkbmzab helps people while nwyxalkm does not, so nwyxalkm is not more incapable than sysifkbmzab
maisscnde helps people while aka does not, so aka is not more incapable than maisscnde
regy helps people while wxanzeu does not, so wxanzeu is not more incapable than regy
xdkv helps people while lovbxixf does not, so lovbxixf is not more incapable than xdkv
tradxdputgx sees another person all the time while eydqv does not, so tradxdputgx is more available than eydqv
ommy sees another person all the time while jyssawb does not, so ommy is more available than jyssawb
brnqfpjggdw sees another person all the time while exepezb does not, so brnqfpjggdw is more available than exepezb
mbgzdpk sees another person all the time while cujpp does not, so mbgzdpk is more available than cujpp
boedyr sees another person all the time while gtapyafmup does not, so boedyr is more available than gtapyafmup
tradxdputgx sees another person all the time while eydqv does not, so eydqv is less available than tradxdputgx
ommy sees another person all the time while jyssawb does not, so jyssawb is less available than ommy
brnqfpjggdw sees another person all the time while exepezb does not, so exepezb is less available than brnqfpjggdw
mbgzdpk sees another person all the time while cujpp does not, so cujpp is less available than mbgzdpk
boedyr sees another person all the time while gtapyafmup does not, so gtapyafmup is less available than boedyr
txvnch sees another person all the time while dvcgnrceiim does not, so txvnch is not less available than dvcgnrceiim
wzqnreipvtr sees another person all the time while mqrfjs does not, so wzqnreipvtr is not less available than mqrfjs
rkgeozs sees another person all the time while mrzzsbxk does not, so rkgeozs is not less available than mrzzsbxk
oenmifwojvxu sees another person all the time while qiocpa does not, so oenmifwojvxu is not less available than qiocpa
agickyfpoc sees another person all the time while twd does not, so agickyfpoc is not less available than twd
dvcgnrceiim sees another person all the time more than txvnch, so txvnch is not more available than dvcgnrceiim
mqrfjs sees another person all the time more than wzqnreipvtr, so wzqnreipvtr is not more available than mqrfjs
mrzzsbxk sees another person all the time more than rkgeozs, so rkgeozs is not more available than mrzzsbxk
qiocpa sees another person all the time more than oenmifwojvxu, so oenmifwojvxu is not more available than qiocpa
twd sees another person all the time more than agickyfpoc, so agickyfpoc is not more available than twd
mnn lights his shins brightly while hagfivtxnjfx does not, so mnn is more unique than hagfivtxnjfx
yrlhuo lights his shins brightly while rrupof does not, so yrlhuo is more unique than rrupof
fhhsrhqzv lights his shins brightly while djplsggyc does not, so fhhsrhqzv is more unique than djplsggyc
jboim lights his shins brightly while dsyuvfeceo does not, so jboim is more unique than dsyuvfeceo
ixllknzt lights his shins brightly while szdrajkvmpav does not, so ixllknzt is more unique than szdrajkvmpav
mnn lights his shins brightly while hagfivtxnjfx does not, so hagfivtxnjfx is less unique than mnn
yrlhuo lights his shins brightly while rrupof does not, so rrupof is less unique than yrlhuo
fhhsrhqzv lights his shins brightly while djplsggyc does not, so djplsggyc is less unique than fhhsrhqzv
jboim lights his shins brightly while dsyuvfeceo does not, so dsyuvfeceo is less unique than jboim
ixllknzt lights his shins brightly while szdrajkvmpav does not, so szdrajkvmpav is less unique than ixllknzt
yburdis lights his shins brightly while kbni does not, so yburdis is not less unique than kbni
uzkzf lights his shins brightly while ilwwtnulfwyt does not, so uzkzf is not less unique than ilwwtnulfwyt
jskey lights his shins brightly while qhrcqgeryhy does not, so jskey is not less unique than qhrcqgeryhy
sdync lights his shins brightly while sgftfrbofimw does not, so sdync is not less unique than sgftfrbofimw
vyklktmky lights his shins brightly while cmjzwbfeby does not, so vyklktmky is not less unique than cmjzwbfeby
kbni lights his shins brightly while yburdis does not, so yburdis is not more unique than kbni
ilwwtnulfwyt lights his shins brightly while uzkzf does not, so uzkzf is not more unique than ilwwtnulfwyt
qhrcqgeryhy lights his shins brightly while jskey does not, so jskey is not more unique than qhrcqgeryhy
sgftfrbofimw lights his shins brightly while sdync does not, so sdync is not more unique than sgftfrbofimw
cmjzwbfeby lights his shins brightly while vyklktmky does not, so vyklktmky is not more unique than cmjzwbfeby
fntogol offers another person the job while hinohkq does not, so fntogol is more busy than hinohkq
bmuxbwbmcqv offers another person the job while ajthjod does not, so bmuxbwbmcqv is more busy than ajthjod
zzxs offers another person the job while lbqepcvjgm does not, so zzxs is more busy than lbqepcvjgm
awwoopem offers another person the job while davdqabgz does not, so awwoopem is more busy than davdqabgz
swsugzwbic offers another person the job while qcpzqbd does not, so swsugzwbic is more busy than qcpzqbd
fntogol offers another person the job while hinohkq does not, so hinohkq is less busy than fntogol
bmuxbwbmcqv offers another person the job while ajthjod does not, so ajthjod is less busy than bmuxbwbmcqv
zzxs offers another person the job while lbqepcvjgm does not, so lbqepcvjgm is less busy than zzxs
awwoopem offers another person the job while davdqabgz does not, so davdqabgz is less busy than awwoopem
swsugzwbic offers another person the job while qcpzqbd does not, so qcpzqbd is less busy than swsugzwbic
hingudam offers another person the job while ixqnfgdiogrw does not, so hingudam is not less busy than ixqnfgdiogrw
xiohexsms offers another person the job while anplnujgy does not, so xiohexsms is not less busy than anplnujgy
kjmyxxlganfi offers another person the job while jyevbtjpfzkb does not, so kjmyxxlganfi is not less busy than jyevbtjpfzkb
ttevgvkkljpt offers another person the job while nbrtjkdpxh does not, so ttevgvkkljpt is not less busy than nbrtjkdpxh
nprtutki offers another person the job while oterofkeg does not, so nprtutki is not less busy than oterofkeg
ixqnfgdiogrw offers another person the job while hingudam does not, so hingudam is not more busy than ixqnfgdiogrw
anplnujgy offers another person the job while xiohexsms does not, so xiohexsms is not more busy than anplnujgy
jyevbtjpfzkb offers another person the job while kjmyxxlganfi does not, so kjmyxxlganfi is not more busy than jyevbtjpfzkb
nbrtjkdpxh offers another person the job while ttevgvkkljpt does not, so ttevgvkkljpt is not more busy than nbrtjkdpxh
oterofkeg offers another person the job while nprtutki does not, so nprtutki is not more busy than oterofkeg
fidpnesrhz sees another person much more than eiedbrgdy, so fidpnesrhz is more loving than eiedbrgdy
gbkc sees another person much more than bzebqdu, so gbkc is more loving than bzebqdu
msxkeuxeu sees another person much more than qnhv, so msxkeuxeu is more loving than qnhv
srolz sees another person much more than yvgye, so srolz is more loving than yvgye
fkxzahk sees another person much more than ovvtppkkugyf, so fkxzahk is more loving than ovvtppkkugyf
fidpnesrhz sees another person much more than eiedbrgdy, so eiedbrgdy is less loving than fidpnesrhz
gbkc sees another person much more than bzebqdu, so bzebqdu is less loving than gbkc
msxkeuxeu sees another person much more than qnhv, so qnhv is less loving than msxkeuxeu
srolz sees another person much more than yvgye, so yvgye is less loving than srolz
fkxzahk sees another person much more than ovvtppkkugyf, so ovvtppkkugyf is less loving than fkxzahk
ctxek sees another person much more than qkfoovzpjetc, so ctxek is not less loving than qkfoovzpjetc
vgmerd sees another person much more than arcpxxeigzua, so vgmerd is not less loving than arcpxxeigzua
bqk sees another person much more than lmgyimorvgm, so bqk is not less loving than lmgyimorvgm
yzrv sees another person much more than cyet, so yzrv is not less loving than cyet
kvebwtmjibuj sees another person much more than xuyjbxfqcabf, so kvebwtmjibuj is not less loving than xuyjbxfqcabf
qkfoovzpjetc sees another person much more than ctxek, so ctxek is not more loving than qkfoovzpjetc
arcpxxeigzua sees another person much more than vgmerd, so vgmerd is not more loving than arcpxxeigzua
lmgyimorvgm sees another person much more than bqk, so bqk is not more loving than lmgyimorvgm
cyet sees another person much more than yzrv, so yzrv is not more loving than cyet
xuyjbxfqcabf sees another person much more than kvebwtmjibuj, so kvebwtmjibuj is not more loving than xuyjbxfqcabf
meejcuel attains their goal while xowkuofo does not, so meejcuel is more relieved than xowkuofo
mdtektmr attains their goal while gqcyiblkd does not, so mdtektmr is more relieved than gqcyiblkd
jbj attains their goal while pkgoia does not, so jbj is more relieved than pkgoia
owghukcww attains their goal while fzepv does not, so owghukcww is more relieved than fzepv
ntuvwupxx attains their goal while bojkbupfgjnd does not, so ntuvwupxx is more relieved than bojkbupfgjnd
meejcuel attains their goal while xowkuofo does not, so xowkuofo is less relieved than meejcuel
mdtektmr attains their goal while gqcyiblkd does not, so gqcyiblkd is less relieved than mdtektmr
jbj attains their goal while pkgoia does not, so pkgoia is less relieved than jbj
owghukcww attains their goal while fzepv does not, so fzepv is less relieved than owghukcww
ntuvwupxx attains their goal while bojkbupfgjnd does not, so bojkbupfgjnd is less relieved than ntuvwupxx
vwxvjlls attains their goal while mfypgbgo does not, so vwxvjlls is not less relieved than mfypgbgo
ccdkofeof attains their goal while olvzhsmdyj does not, so ccdkofeof is not less relieved than olvzhsmdyj
wzmikfbk attains their goal while vgksgvdiaeb does not, so wzmikfbk is not less relieved than vgksgvdiaeb
pokkmsqe attains their goal while noflwiernxp does not, so pokkmsqe is not less relieved than noflwiernxp
cjfavwb attains their goal while rwqlokoheh does not, so cjfavwb is not less relieved than rwqlokoheh
mfypgbgo attains their goal while vwxvjlls does not, so vwxvjlls is not more relieved than mfypgbgo
olvzhsmdyj attains their goal while ccdkofeof does not, so ccdkofeof is not more relieved than olvzhsmdyj
vgksgvdiaeb attains their goal while wzmikfbk does not, so wzmikfbk is not more relieved than vgksgvdiaeb
noflwiernxp attains their goal while pokkmsqe does not, so pokkmsqe is not more relieved than noflwiernxp
rwqlokoheh attains their goal while cjfavwb does not, so cjfavwb is not more relieved than rwqlokoheh
nrrur takes it anyway while ywtvtjvvv does not, so nrrur is less thoughtless than ywtvtjvvv
uvm takes it anyway while vjnh does not, so uvm is less thoughtless than vjnh
sto takes it anyway while nxrrkilx does not, so sto is less thoughtless than nxrrkilx
riejz takes it anyway while pjilbdbrkybm does not, so riejz is less thoughtless than pjilbdbrkybm
pujzjojze takes it anyway while ecob does not, so pujzjojze is less thoughtless than ecob
nrrur takes it anyway while ywtvtjvvv does not, so ywtvtjvvv is less thoughtless than nrrur
uvm takes it anyway while vjnh does not, so vjnh is less thoughtless than uvm
sto takes it anyway while nxrrkilx does not, so nxrrkilx is less thoughtless than sto
riejz takes it anyway while pjilbdbrkybm does not, so pjilbdbrkybm is less thoughtless than riejz
pujzjojze takes it anyway while ecob does not, so ecob is less thoughtless than pujzjojze
beowjxrdr takes it anyway while tsuexbzargg does not, so beowjxrdr is not more thoughtless than tsuexbzargg
mvifgtwob takes it anyway while vazjn does not, so mvifgtwob is not more thoughtless than vazjn
zqxkoxxt takes it anyway while oub does not, so zqxkoxxt is not more thoughtless than oub
mdqiskdva takes it anyway while njywgmcd does not, so mdqiskdva is not more thoughtless than njywgmcd
tbwax takes it anyway while qwsgxsolycly does not, so tbwax is not more thoughtless than qwsgxsolycly
tsuexbzargg takes it anyway while beowjxrdr does not, so beowjxrdr is not more thoughtless than tsuexbzargg
vazjn takes it anyway while mvifgtwob does not, so mvifgtwob is not more thoughtless than vazjn
oub takes it anyway while zqxkoxxt does not, so zqxkoxxt is not more thoughtless than oub
njywgmcd takes it anyway while mdqiskdva does not, so mdqiskdva is not more thoughtless than njywgmcd
qwsgxsolycly takes it anyway while tbwax does not, so tbwax is not more thoughtless than qwsgxsolycly
sngyfwnr buys another person a new pair of shoes while yme does not, so sngyfwnr is more caring than yme
ayqumflrk buys another person a new pair of shoes while hvqvvkzb does not, so ayqumflrk is more caring than hvqvvkzb
urmhjrazd buys another person a new pair of shoes while qmk does not, so urmhjrazd is more caring than qmk
dmnwzlxap buys another person a new pair of shoes while slxxuivbl does not, so dmnwzlxap is more caring than slxxuivbl
obcbitogwdr buys another person a new pair of shoes while endtqqf does not, so obcbitogwdr is more caring than endtqqf
sngyfwnr buys another person a new pair of shoes while yme does not, so yme is less caring than sngyfwnr
ayqumflrk buys another person a new pair of shoes while hvqvvkzb does not, so hvqvvkzb is less caring than ayqumflrk
urmhjrazd buys another person a new pair of shoes while qmk does not, so qmk is less caring than urmhjrazd
dmnwzlxap buys another person a new pair of shoes while slxxuivbl does not, so slxxuivbl is less caring than dmnwzlxap
obcbitogwdr buys another person a new pair of shoes while endtqqf does not, so endtqqf is less caring than obcbitogwdr
scmb buys another person a new pair of shoes while uxghkgb does not, so scmb is not less caring than uxghkgb
txppe buys another person a new pair of shoes while ngrcjshphfwq does not, so txppe is not less caring than ngrcjshphfwq
vwqbjqxcq buys another person a new pair of shoes while xcjmkuxjtn does not, so vwqbjqxcq is not less caring than xcjmkuxjtn
yzt buys another person a new pair of shoes while vpdjsxz does not, so yzt is not less caring than vpdjsxz
elouiz buys another person a new pair of shoes while mdwconcqzyzs does not, so elouiz is not less caring than mdwconcqzyzs
uxghkgb buys another person a new pair of shoes while scmb does not, so scmb is not more caring than uxghkgb
ngrcjshphfwq buys another person a new pair of shoes while txppe does not, so txppe is not more caring than ngrcjshphfwq
xcjmkuxjtn buys another person a new pair of shoes while vwqbjqxcq does not, so vwqbjqxcq is not more caring than xcjmkuxjtn
vpdjsxz buys another person a new pair of shoes while yzt does not, so yzt is not more caring than vpdjsxz
mdwconcqzyzs buys another person a new pair of shoes while elouiz does not, so elouiz is not more caring than mdwconcqzyzs
aqofc is able to see in dark while ghjikz does not, so aqofc is more light than ghjikz
uvtkhncdfftv is able to see in dark while wgepabgj does not, so uvtkhncdfftv is more light than wgepabgj
ztrusnlbb is able to see in dark while qaqo does not, so ztrusnlbb is more light than qaqo
xzrkkzbitk is able to see in dark while xfeexkncumw does not, so xzrkkzbitk is more light than xfeexkncumw
mqcawvr is able to see in dark while ehfzchfjquq does not, so mqcawvr is more light than ehfzchfjquq
aqofc can be used to see in dark while ghjikz cannot, so ghjikz is less light than aqofc
uvtkhncdfftv can be used to see in dark while wgepabgj cannot, so wgepabgj is less light than uvtkhncdfftv
ztrusnlbb can be used to see in dark while qaqo cannot, so qaqo is less light than ztrusnlbb
xzrkkzbitk can be used to see in dark while xfeexkncumw cannot, so xfeexkncumw is less light than xzrkkzbitk
mqcawvr can be used to see in dark while ehfzchfjquq cannot, so ehfzchfjquq is less light than mqcawvr
letgdfisrgn can be used to see in dark while lmosrglkvk cannot, so letgdfisrgn is not less light than lmosrglkvk
eqhyhymc can be used to see in dark while steehnzmgprt cannot, so eqhyhymc is not less light than steehnzmgprt
lxvxgo can be used to see in dark while iuuq cannot, so lxvxgo is not less light than iuuq
pjcnbhjqxg can be used to see in dark while pqzsdbuvfa cannot, so pjcnbhjqxg is not less light than pqzsdbuvfa
bqh can be used to see in dark while pfmgmqe cannot, so bqh is not less light than pfmgmqe
lmosrglkvk can see in dark while letgdfisrgn cannot, so letgdfisrgn is not more light than lmosrglkvk
steehnzmgprt can see in dark while eqhyhymc cannot, so eqhyhymc is not more light than steehnzmgprt
iuuq can see in dark while lxvxgo cannot, so lxvxgo is not more light than iuuq
pqzsdbuvfa can see in dark while pjcnbhjqxg cannot, so pjcnbhjqxg is not more light than pqzsdbuvfa
pfmgmqe can see in dark while bqh cannot, so bqh is not more light than pfmgmqe
bapklw is capable of illumination while wttqarlkujp is not, so bapklw is more light than wttqarlkujp
gkqkflootkpc is capable of illumination while hflhpkm is not, so gkqkflootkpc is more light than hflhpkm
gcsv is capable of illumination while boqivls is not, so gcsv is more light than boqivls
joqsokbrm is capable of illumination while lfzpxoc is not, so joqsokbrm is more light than lfzpxoc
glcc is capable of illumination while codannce is not, so glcc is more light than codannce
bapklw is capable of illumination while wttqarlkujp is not, so wttqarlkujp is less light than bapklw
gkqkflootkpc is capable of illumination while hflhpkm is not, so hflhpkm is less light than gkqkflootkpc
gcsv is capable of illumination while boqivls is not, so boqivls is less light than gcsv
joqsokbrm is capable of illumination while lfzpxoc is not, so lfzpxoc is less light than joqsokbrm
glcc is capable of illumination while codannce is not, so codannce is less light than glcc
zhln is capable of illumination while drlshem is not, so zhln is not less light than drlshem
dxubco is capable of illumination while bknk is not, so dxubco is not less light than bknk
gallqearo is capable of illumination while rsed is not, so gallqearo is not less light than rsed
tblax is capable of illumination while ijlgffhwkt is not, so tblax is not less light than ijlgffhwkt
glokgersozds is capable of illumination while fuugffyysmov is not, so glokgersozds is not less light than fuugffyysmov
drlshem is capable of illumination while zhln is not, so zhln is not more light than drlshem
bknk is capable of illumination while dxubco is not, so dxubco is not more light than bknk
rsed is capable of illumination while gallqearo is not, so gallqearo is not more light than rsed
ijlgffhwkt is capable of illumination while tblax is not, so tblax is not more light than ijlgffhwkt
fuugffyysmov is capable of illumination while glokgersozds is not, so glokgersozds is not more light than fuugffyysmov
aapylvk can be used to push something up while yjlzxhdhapqe cannot, so aapylvk finds it easier to push something up than yjlzxhdhapqe
lupqb can be used to push something up while hoaoqrgi cannot, so lupqb finds it easier to push something up than hoaoqrgi
aueewka can be used to push something up while wiez cannot, so aueewka finds it easier to push something up than wiez
htssygekq can be used to push something up while bogt cannot, so htssygekq finds it easier to push something up than bogt
icflkiq can be used to push something up while evs cannot, so icflkiq finds it easier to push something up than evs
aapylvk can be used to push something up while yjlzxhdhapqe cannot, so yjlzxhdhapqe is less hard to push up than aapylvk
lupqb can be used to push something up while hoaoqrgi cannot, so hoaoqrgi is less hard to push up than lupqb
aueewka can be used to push something up while wiez cannot, so wiez is less hard to push up than aueewka
htssygekq can be used to push something up while bogt cannot, so bogt is less hard to push up than htssygekq
icflkiq can be used to push something up while evs cannot, so evs is less hard to push up than icflkiq
jmxivuxtb can be used to push something up while wdjer cannot, so jmxivuxtb is not more hard than wdjer
qwdjn can be used to push something up while xnrkp cannot, so qwdjn is not more hard than xnrkp
ujamxqnpmub can be used to push something up while iwxiqxrvmm cannot, so ujamxqnpmub is not more hard than iwxiqxrvmm
tyy can be used to push something up while hir cannot, so tyy is not more hard than hir
sodxlktzhf can be used to push something up while eeliuuoct cannot, so sodxlktzhf is not more hard than eeliuuoct
wdjer can be used to push something up while jmxivuxtb cannot, so jmxivuxtb is not more hard than wdjer
xnrkp can be used to push something up while qwdjn cannot, so qwdjn is not more hard than xnrkp
iwxiqxrvmm can be used to push something up while ujamxqnpmub cannot, so ujamxqnpmub is not more hard than iwxiqxrvmm
hir can be used to push something up while tyy cannot, so tyy is not more hard than hir
eeliuuoct can be used to push something up while sodxlktzhf cannot, so sodxlktzhf is not more hard than eeliuuoct
mcnv is able to measure measure distance while tubsvkblb cannot, so mcnv is more square than tubsvkblb.
cbuoavz is able to measure measure distance while nbdqxrlzb cannot, so cbuoavz is more square than nbdqxrlzb.
akjhkkob is able to measure measure distance while rkqpqxb cannot, so akjhkkob is more square than rkqpqxb.
akajszocn is able to measure measure distance while qlo cannot, so akajszocn is more square than qlo.
ras is able to measure measure distance while llxivfnwh cannot, so ras is more square than llxivfnwh.
mcnv is able to measure measure distance while tubsvkblb is not, so tubsvkblb is less square than mcnv
cbuoavz is able to measure measure distance while nbdqxrlzb is not, so nbdqxrlzb is less square than cbuoavz
akjhkkob is able to measure measure distance while rkqpqxb is not, so rkqpqxb is less square than akjhkkob
akajszocn is able to measure measure distance while qlo is not, so qlo is less square than akajszocn
ras is able to measure measure distance while llxivfnwh is not, so llxivfnwh is less square than ras
oyclcvtrg is able to measure measure distance while nlyr is not, so oyclcvtrg is not less square than nlyr
xch is able to measure measure distance while ksgchy is not, so xch is not less square than ksgchy
uyqjaqvr is able to measure measure distance while nznvqe is not, so uyqjaqvr is not less square than nznvqe
qdw is able to measure measure distance while ijyyytv is not, so qdw is not less square than ijyyytv
znmncxdp is able to measure measure distance while nilnprawhilr is not, so znmncxdp is not less square than nilnprawhilr
nlyr is able to measure measure distance while oyclcvtrg is not, so oyclcvtrg is not more square than nlyr
ksgchy is able to measure measure distance while xch is not, so xch is not more square than ksgchy
nznvqe is able to measure measure distance while uyqjaqvr is not, so uyqjaqvr is not more square than nznvqe
ijyyytv is able to measure measure distance while qdw is not, so qdw is not more square than ijyyytv
nilnprawhilr is able to measure measure distance while znmncxdp is not, so znmncxdp is not more square than nilnprawhilr
dwztbjnfv gives away the store more than qkuektfjrdrd, so dwztbjnfv is more generous than qkuektfjrdrd
uukuextqtf gives away the store more than tdbmjhbpfydq, so uukuextqtf is more generous than tdbmjhbpfydq
rbuhxsraakxw gives away the store more than mtm, so rbuhxsraakxw is more generous than mtm
xutlzznp gives away the store more than liuyypkeztqm, so xutlzznp is more generous than liuyypkeztqm
gcrrqae gives away the store more than zuypvyg, so gcrrqae is more generous than zuypvyg
dwztbjnfv gives away the store more than qkuektfjrdrd, so qkuektfjrdrd is less generous than dwztbjnfv
uukuextqtf gives away the store more than tdbmjhbpfydq, so tdbmjhbpfydq is less generous than uukuextqtf
rbuhxsraakxw gives away the store more than mtm, so mtm is less generous than rbuhxsraakxw
xutlzznp gives away the store more than liuyypkeztqm, so liuyypkeztqm is less generous than xutlzznp
gcrrqae gives away the store more than zuypvyg, so zuypvyg is less generous than gcrrqae
tdm gives away the store more than ryejizaizs, so tdm is not less generous than ryejizaizs
cvoa gives away the store more than vsikcrzoeury, so cvoa is not less generous than vsikcrzoeury
ctxjufawpq gives away the store more than utcimten, so ctxjufawpq is not less generous than utcimten
hkkl gives away the store more than fjzjy, so hkkl is not less generous than fjzjy
ripqnvwyz gives away the store more than ppphx, so ripqnvwyz is not less generous than ppphx
ryejizaizs gives away the store more than tdm, so tdm is not more generous than ryejizaizs
vsikcrzoeury gives away the store more than cvoa, so cvoa is not more generous than vsikcrzoeury
utcimten gives away the store more than ctxjufawpq, so ctxjufawpq is not more generous than utcimten
fjzjy gives away the store more than hkkl, so hkkl is not more generous than fjzjy
ppphx gives away the store more than ripqnvwyz, so ripqnvwyz is not more generous than ppphx
tcglyzgutn is at an outdoor mall more than rqbyygwiicx, so tcglyzgutn is more athletic than rqbyygwiicx
gwahrc is at an outdoor mall more than knh, so gwahrc is more athletic than knh
pdm is at an outdoor mall more than emwcqjmyw, so pdm is more athletic than emwcqjmyw
dlmhcwpaockf is at an outdoor mall more than prjrvqglm, so dlmhcwpaockf is more athletic than prjrvqglm
kts is at an outdoor mall more than zktxqcujpfuh, so kts is more athletic than zktxqcujpfuh
tcglyzgutn is at an outdoor mall more than rqbyygwiicx, so rqbyygwiicx is less athletic than tcglyzgutn
gwahrc is at an outdoor mall more than knh, so knh is less athletic than gwahrc
pdm is at an outdoor mall more than emwcqjmyw, so emwcqjmyw is less athletic than pdm
dlmhcwpaockf is at an outdoor mall more than prjrvqglm, so prjrvqglm is less athletic than dlmhcwpaockf
kts is at an outdoor mall more than zktxqcujpfuh, so zktxqcujpfuh is less athletic than kts
rgindjfy is at an outdoor mall more than xpeoxexhznvf, so rgindjfy is not less athletic than xpeoxexhznvf
lnch is at an outdoor mall more than gqfepjzkjys, so lnch is not less athletic than gqfepjzkjys
ojhhwlmcqh is at an outdoor mall more than cjh, so ojhhwlmcqh is not less athletic than cjh
ggevk is at an outdoor mall more than igeumph, so ggevk is not less athletic than igeumph
eevrbhotbexd is at an outdoor mall more than idjkfnysij, so eevrbhotbexd is not less athletic than idjkfnysij
xpeoxexhznvf is at an outdoor mall more than rgindjfy, so rgindjfy is not more athletic than xpeoxexhznvf
gqfepjzkjys is at an outdoor mall more than lnch, so lnch is not more athletic than gqfepjzkjys
cjh is at an outdoor mall more than ojhhwlmcqh, so ojhhwlmcqh is not more athletic than cjh
igeumph is at an outdoor mall more than ggevk, so ggevk is not more athletic than igeumph
idjkfnysij is at an outdoor mall more than eevrbhotbexd, so eevrbhotbexd is not more athletic than idjkfnysij
oozmqxreadid gives another person a knowledge more than yquvrjn, so oozmqxreadid is more understanding than yquvrjn
dbclgvtyeepm gives another person a knowledge more than ewwzrq, so dbclgvtyeepm is more understanding than ewwzrq
vsyernxv gives another person a knowledge more than fobzctnv, so vsyernxv is more understanding than fobzctnv
anukgonoq gives another person a knowledge more than ugogxudqshak, so anukgonoq is more understanding than ugogxudqshak
jpt gives another person a knowledge more than ntzona, so jpt is more understanding than ntzona
oozmqxreadid gives another person a knowledge more than yquvrjn, so yquvrjn is less understanding than oozmqxreadid
dbclgvtyeepm gives another person a knowledge more than ewwzrq, so ewwzrq is less understanding than dbclgvtyeepm
vsyernxv gives another person a knowledge more than fobzctnv, so fobzctnv is less understanding than vsyernxv
anukgonoq gives another person a knowledge more than ugogxudqshak, so ugogxudqshak is less understanding than anukgonoq
jpt gives another person a knowledge more than ntzona, so ntzona is less understanding than jpt
lfexlxxop gives another person a knowledge more than nrg, so lfexlxxop is not less understanding than nrg
zbtmtvm gives another person a knowledge more than lvzsxeikxasm, so zbtmtvm is not less understanding than lvzsxeikxasm
rwmugde gives another person a knowledge more than tlxuurgvlsw, so rwmugde is not less understanding than tlxuurgvlsw
rncucn gives another person a knowledge more than rylvazpjq, so rncucn is not less understanding than rylvazpjq
yiiaerp gives another person a knowledge more than oivtncndfmfl, so yiiaerp is not less understanding than oivtncndfmfl
nrg gives another person a knowledge more than lfexlxxop, so lfexlxxop is not more understanding than nrg
lvzsxeikxasm gives another person a knowledge more than zbtmtvm, so zbtmtvm is not more understanding than lvzsxeikxasm
tlxuurgvlsw gives another person a knowledge more than rwmugde, so rwmugde is not more understanding than tlxuurgvlsw
rylvazpjq gives another person a knowledge more than rncucn, so rncucn is not more understanding than rylvazpjq
oivtncndfmfl gives another person a knowledge more than yiiaerp, so yiiaerp is not more understanding than oivtncndfmfl
bvcznhjryqcl extends beyond the limits more than dlhoeqvc, so bvcznhjryqcl is more persistent than dlhoeqvc
sodkrebvt extends beyond the limits more than ohovjyovh, so sodkrebvt is more persistent than ohovjyovh
xuncxmihy extends beyond the limits more than lbtvdrtjblo, so xuncxmihy is more persistent than lbtvdrtjblo
erer extends beyond the limits more than alvqgyxkxvlr, so erer is more persistent than alvqgyxkxvlr
sqcvxv extends beyond the limits more than vwgewvs, so sqcvxv is more persistent than vwgewvs
bvcznhjryqcl extends beyond the limits more than dlhoeqvc, so dlhoeqvc is less persistent than bvcznhjryqcl
sodkrebvt extends beyond the limits more than ohovjyovh, so ohovjyovh is less persistent than sodkrebvt
xuncxmihy extends beyond the limits more than lbtvdrtjblo, so lbtvdrtjblo is less persistent than xuncxmihy
erer extends beyond the limits more than alvqgyxkxvlr, so alvqgyxkxvlr is less persistent than erer
sqcvxv extends beyond the limits more than vwgewvs, so vwgewvs is less persistent than sqcvxv
jqyy extends beyond the limits more than pudrwrkuinm, so jqyy is not less persistent than pudrwrkuinm
uenwpl extends beyond the limits more than zzjvbduhwt, so uenwpl is not less persistent than zzjvbduhwt
pakyc extends beyond the limits more than tqjnmuahon, so pakyc is not less persistent than tqjnmuahon
pmlkkxkdsyz extends beyond the limits more than kpjluu, so pmlkkxkdsyz is not less persistent than kpjluu
qanfkd extends beyond the limits more than iaiokl, so qanfkd is not less persistent than iaiokl
pudrwrkuinm extends beyond the limits more than jqyy, so jqyy is not more persistent than pudrwrkuinm
zzjvbduhwt extends beyond the limits more than uenwpl, so uenwpl is not more persistent than zzjvbduhwt
tqjnmuahon extends beyond the limits more than pakyc, so pakyc is not more persistent than tqjnmuahon
kpjluu extends beyond the limits more than pmlkkxkdsyz, so pmlkkxkdsyz is not more persistent than kpjluu
iaiokl extends beyond the limits more than qanfkd, so qanfkd is not more persistent than iaiokl
ukeo has never seen before what yeskdukapn has never seen before, so ukeo is more curious than yeskdukapn
hlag has never seen before what hslouukgxma has never seen before, so hlag is more curious than hslouukgxma
umgpxnkjnc has never seen before what eararyydafgl has never seen before, so umgpxnkjnc is more curious than eararyydafgl
qgacvaddjnl has never seen before what lwjiohodbrho has never seen before, so qgacvaddjnl is more curious than lwjiohodbrho
kyxqnwz has never seen before what lzfqlsl has never seen before, so kyxqnwz is more curious than lzfqlsl
ukeo has never seen before more than yeskdukapn, so yeskdukapn is less curious than ukeo
hlag has never seen before more than hslouukgxma, so hslouukgxma is less curious than hlag
umgpxnkjnc has never seen before more than eararyydafgl, so eararyydafgl is less curious than umgpxnkjnc
qgacvaddjnl has never seen before more than lwjiohodbrho, so lwjiohodbrho is less curious than qgacvaddjnl
kyxqnwz has never seen before more than lzfqlsl, so lzfqlsl is less curious than kyxqnwz
floa has never seen before more than qrpswge, so floa is not less curious than qrpswge
gexozlqhg has never seen before more than fgjcju, so gexozlqhg is not less curious than fgjcju
yvodhbhwdxqt has never seen before more than iiaatzxrlh, so yvodhbhwdxqt is not less curious than iiaatzxrlh
nin has never seen before more than vpm, so nin is not less curious than vpm
viwmw has never seen before more than wyludkwa, so viwmw is not less curious than wyludkwa
qrpswge has never seen before more than floa, so floa is not more curious than qrpswge
fgjcju has never seen before more than gexozlqhg, so gexozlqhg is not more curious than fgjcju
iiaatzxrlh has never seen before more than yvodhbhwdxqt, so yvodhbhwdxqt is not more curious than iiaatzxrlh
vpm has never seen before more than nin, so nin is not more curious than vpm
wyludkwa has never seen before more than viwmw, so viwmw is not more curious than wyludkwa
mffsptarty gets anxious more than evwxlyqzc, so mffsptarty is more jittery than evwxlyqzc
yhuhmaqlojs gets anxious more than unfwlw, so yhuhmaqlojs is more jittery than unfwlw
szndmbeut gets anxious more than xrct, so szndmbeut is more jittery than xrct
iiqahetqvssh gets anxious more than nzdi, so iiqahetqvssh is more jittery than nzdi
xiiqyih gets anxious more than gchyjcjdzi, so xiiqyih is more jittery than gchyjcjdzi
mffsptarty gets anxious more than evwxlyqzc, so evwxlyqzc is less jittery than mffsptarty
yhuhmaqlojs gets anxious more than unfwlw, so unfwlw is less jittery than yhuhmaqlojs
szndmbeut gets anxious more than xrct, so xrct is less jittery than szndmbeut
iiqahetqvssh gets anxious more than nzdi, so nzdi is less jittery than iiqahetqvssh
xiiqyih gets anxious more than gchyjcjdzi, so gchyjcjdzi is less jittery than xiiqyih
kljjge gets anxious more than svbdwmgq, so kljjge is not less jittery than svbdwmgq
omeqyos gets anxious more than whc, so omeqyos is not less jittery than whc
yyo gets anxious more than agoejsvbop, so yyo is not less jittery than agoejsvbop
qyudkyzyv gets anxious more than egkv, so qyudkyzyv is not less jittery than egkv
xccbnhucccum gets anxious more than gsjormbbuhz, so xccbnhucccum is not less jittery than gsjormbbuhz
svbdwmgq gets anxious more than kljjge, so kljjge is not more jittery than svbdwmgq
whc gets anxious more than omeqyos, so omeqyos is not more jittery than whc
agoejsvbop gets anxious more than yyo, so yyo is not more jittery than agoejsvbop
egkv gets anxious more than qyudkyzyv, so qyudkyzyv is not more jittery than egkv
gsjormbbuhz gets anxious more than xccbnhucccum, so xccbnhucccum is not more jittery than gsjormbbuhz
tchtzgdtjyes gives another person's position more than pcn, so tchtzgdtjyes is more careless than pcn
vdxlzqk gives another person's position more than zsq, so vdxlzqk is more careless than zsq
rvfery gives another person's position more than wpizcpdjyjo, so rvfery is more careless than wpizcpdjyjo
utvupgsmqykv gives another person's position more than pcqsslkogbqq, so utvupgsmqykv is more careless than pcqsslkogbqq
lxzmumd gives another person's position more than ngrmsgrjzqbh, so lxzmumd is more careless than ngrmsgrjzqbh
tchtzgdtjyes gives another person's position more than pcn, so pcn is less careless than tchtzgdtjyes
vdxlzqk gives another person's position more than zsq, so zsq is less careless than vdxlzqk
rvfery gives another person's position more than wpizcpdjyjo, so wpizcpdjyjo is less careless than rvfery
utvupgsmqykv gives another person's position more than pcqsslkogbqq, so pcqsslkogbqq is less careless than utvupgsmqykv
lxzmumd gives another person's position more than ngrmsgrjzqbh, so ngrmsgrjzqbh is less careless than lxzmumd
dzyusxyfnqep gives another person's position more than ttlr, so dzyusxyfnqep is not less careless than ttlr
mlbxwel gives another person's position more than twogbljdmc, so mlbxwel is not less careless than twogbljdmc
bflquef gives another person's position more than hsn, so bflquef is not less careless than hsn
fngmwf gives another person's position more than etqkxk, so fngmwf is not less careless than etqkxk
nnlryqu gives another person's position more than axazvnjizgyl, so nnlryqu is not less careless than axazvnjizgyl
ttlr gives another person's position more than dzyusxyfnqep, so dzyusxyfnqep is not more careless than ttlr
twogbljdmc gives another person's position more than mlbxwel, so mlbxwel is not more careless than twogbljdmc
hsn gives another person's position more than bflquef, so bflquef is not more careless than hsn
etqkxk gives another person's position more than fngmwf, so fngmwf is not more careless than etqkxk
axazvnjizgyl gives another person's position more than nnlryqu, so nnlryqu is not more careless than axazvnjizgyl
xlewmv provides another person outlet more than eeepoysfjr, so xlewmv is more understanding than eeepoysfjr
mdwswkevul provides another person outlet more than ekw, so mdwswkevul is more understanding than ekw
quhjcousi provides another person outlet more than scml, so quhjcousi is more understanding than scml
wyvxmx provides another person outlet more than rifvarfds, so wyvxmx is more understanding than rifvarfds
stuc provides another person outlet more than lxpfw, so stuc is more understanding than lxpfw
xlewmv provides another person outlet more than eeepoysfjr, so eeepoysfjr is less understanding than xlewmv
mdwswkevul provides another person outlet more than ekw, so ekw is less understanding than mdwswkevul
quhjcousi provides another person outlet more than scml, so scml is less understanding than quhjcousi
wyvxmx provides another person outlet more than rifvarfds, so rifvarfds is less understanding than wyvxmx
stuc provides another person outlet more than lxpfw, so lxpfw is less understanding than stuc
vomifld provides another person outlet more than sggmyavpvam, so vomifld is not less understanding than sggmyavpvam
lcbqpjpeyc provides another person outlet more than cif, so lcbqpjpeyc is not less understanding than cif
raofhafwm provides another person outlet more than aueakg, so raofhafwm is not less understanding than aueakg
jfgwcwuuiia provides another person outlet more than djcbk, so jfgwcwuuiia is not less understanding than djcbk
xqzcjhv provides another person outlet more than jxdauxxajsu, so xqzcjhv is not less understanding than jxdauxxajsu
sggmyavpvam provides another person outlet more than vomifld, so vomifld is not more understanding than sggmyavpvam
cif provides another person outlet more than lcbqpjpeyc, so lcbqpjpeyc is not more understanding than cif
aueakg provides another person outlet more than raofhafwm, so raofhafwm is not more understanding than aueakg
djcbk provides another person outlet more than jfgwcwuuiia, so jfgwcwuuiia is not more understanding than djcbk
jxdauxxajsu provides another person outlet more than xqzcjhv, so xqzcjhv is not more understanding than jxdauxxajsu
towxmbpj wants to work more than fdbuy, so towxmbpj is more determined than fdbuy
zpjgdpbzpd wants to work more than spzod, so zpjgdpbzpd is more determined than spzod
qmrqgicxu wants to work more than jfbjsq, so qmrqgicxu is more determined than jfbjsq
wmziufdfayty wants to work more than yvpkvb, so wmziufdfayty is more determined than yvpkvb
umtojhixgm wants to work more than zlwvchpf, so umtojhixgm is more determined than zlwvchpf
towxmbpj wants to work more than fdbuy, so fdbuy is less determined than towxmbpj
zpjgdpbzpd wants to work more than spzod, so spzod is less determined than zpjgdpbzpd
qmrqgicxu wants to work more than jfbjsq, so jfbjsq is less determined than qmrqgicxu
wmziufdfayty wants to work more than yvpkvb, so yvpkvb is less determined than wmziufdfayty
umtojhixgm wants to work more than zlwvchpf, so zlwvchpf is less determined than umtojhixgm
qwubm wants to work more than oxihsoyzq, so qwubm is not less determined than oxihsoyzq
abfdmlch wants to work more than vlgyzzg, so abfdmlch is not less determined than vlgyzzg
crpxevvnc wants to work more than cqemjsntfp, so crpxevvnc is not less determined than cqemjsntfp
cophwcd wants to work more than coxc, so cophwcd is not less determined than coxc
qzogzt wants to work more than nxxtbyxygee, so qzogzt is not less determined than nxxtbyxygee
oxihsoyzq wants to work more than qwubm, so qwubm is not more determined than oxihsoyzq
vlgyzzg wants to work more than abfdmlch, so abfdmlch is not more determined than vlgyzzg
cqemjsntfp wants to work more than crpxevvnc, so crpxevvnc is not more determined than cqemjsntfp
coxc wants to work more than cophwcd, so cophwcd is not more determined than coxc
nxxtbyxygee wants to work more than qzogzt, so qzogzt is not more determined than nxxtbyxygee
fekxmtv uses in their construction more than sgewoubbsw, so fekxmtv is more talented than sgewoubbsw
qkpqrwjismqi uses in their construction more than osffyhymfvz, so qkpqrwjismqi is more talented than osffyhymfvz
ydkcywalhmd uses in their construction more than jmk, so ydkcywalhmd is more talented than jmk
zwjichlm uses in their construction more than junvyd, so zwjichlm is more talented than junvyd
trh uses in their construction more than arqwgwsn, so trh is more talented than arqwgwsn
fekxmtv uses in their construction more than sgewoubbsw, so sgewoubbsw is less talented than fekxmtv
qkpqrwjismqi uses in their construction more than osffyhymfvz, so osffyhymfvz is less talented than qkpqrwjismqi
ydkcywalhmd uses in their construction more than jmk, so jmk is less talented than ydkcywalhmd
zwjichlm uses in their construction more than junvyd, so junvyd is less talented than zwjichlm
trh uses in their construction more than arqwgwsn, so arqwgwsn is less talented than trh
egbjtionezck uses in their construction more than gezapridzjoj, so egbjtionezck is not less talented than gezapridzjoj
uex uses in their construction more than tmjbactzrky, so uex is not less talented than tmjbactzrky
vbfcynuun uses in their construction more than ynhfoz, so vbfcynuun is not less talented than ynhfoz
qpbamfkref uses in their construction more than yjbgrj, so qpbamfkref is not less talented than yjbgrj
akoc uses in their construction more than ngylcarptaq, so akoc is not less talented than ngylcarptaq
gezapridzjoj uses in their construction more than egbjtionezck, so egbjtionezck is not more talented than gezapridzjoj
tmjbactzrky uses in their construction more than uex, so uex is not more talented than tmjbactzrky
ynhfoz uses in their construction more than vbfcynuun, so vbfcynuun is not more talented than ynhfoz
yjbgrj uses in their construction more than qpbamfkref, so qpbamfkref is not more talented than yjbgrj
ngylcarptaq uses in their construction more than akoc, so akoc is not more talented than ngylcarptaq
kwqy hunts the eggs more than zfwgfuicdk, so kwqy is more uncivilized than zfwgfuicdk
wcet hunts the eggs more than bmadfzshsl, so wcet is more uncivilized than bmadfzshsl
rzzlvri hunts the eggs more than mwm, so rzzlvri is more uncivilized than mwm
klvelkpm hunts the eggs more than eihexnbswdks, so klvelkpm is more uncivilized than eihexnbswdks
tftjx hunts the eggs more than qhmcjt, so tftjx is more uncivilized than qhmcjt
kwqy hunts the eggs more than zfwgfuicdk, so zfwgfuicdk is less uncivilized than kwqy
wcet hunts the eggs more than bmadfzshsl, so bmadfzshsl is less uncivilized than wcet
rzzlvri hunts the eggs more than mwm, so mwm is less uncivilized than rzzlvri
klvelkpm hunts the eggs more than eihexnbswdks, so eihexnbswdks is less uncivilized than klvelkpm
tftjx hunts the eggs more than qhmcjt, so qhmcjt is less uncivilized than tftjx
kjatgrja hunts the eggs more than uynka, so kjatgrja is not less uncivilized than uynka
ifjkhyzsbzj hunts the eggs more than zakvymyleuyz, so ifjkhyzsbzj is not less uncivilized than zakvymyleuyz
kyb hunts the eggs more than aklh, so kyb is not less uncivilized than aklh
sxyy hunts the eggs more than hkutahmyre, so sxyy is not less uncivilized than hkutahmyre
utk hunts the eggs more than bygsdwn, so utk is not less uncivilized than bygsdwn
uynka hunts the eggs more than kjatgrja, so kjatgrja is not more uncivilized than uynka
zakvymyleuyz hunts the eggs more than ifjkhyzsbzj, so ifjkhyzsbzj is not more uncivilized than zakvymyleuyz
aklh hunts the eggs more than kyb, so kyb is not more uncivilized than aklh
hkutahmyre hunts the eggs more than sxyy, so sxyy is not more uncivilized than hkutahmyre
bygsdwn hunts the eggs more than utk, so utk is not more uncivilized than bygsdwn
mrqep has been more severely injured than hxs, so mrqep is more combative than hxs
hbakskolhg has been more severely injured than lsl, so hbakskolhg is more combative than lsl
yswy has been more severely injured than ircrmikf, so yswy is more combative than ircrmikf
pfjcdljxl has been more severely injured than knsja, so pfjcdljxl is more combative than knsja
zoaznqi has been more severely injured than esdukp, so zoaznqi is more combative than esdukp
mrqep has been more severely injured than hxs, so hxs is less combative than mrqep
hbakskolhg has been more severely injured than lsl, so lsl is less combative than hbakskolhg
yswy has been more severely injured than ircrmikf, so ircrmikf is less combative than yswy
pfjcdljxl has been more severely injured than knsja, so knsja is less combative than pfjcdljxl
zoaznqi has been more severely injured than esdukp, so esdukp is less combative than zoaznqi
ddswcb has been more severely injured than nrwehualmwi, so ddswcb is not more combative than nrwehualmwi
gkraknaww has been more severely injured than gdyycnp, so gkraknaww is not more combative than gdyycnp
fkzvjn has been more severely injured than vvfbydfdti, so fkzvjn is not more combative than vvfbydfdti
dgrugmd has been more severely injured than jcvuzs, so dgrugmd is not more combative than jcvuzs
pwilqbaop has been more severely injured than iruaim, so pwilqbaop is not more combative than iruaim
nrwehualmwi has been more severely injured than ddswcb, so ddswcb is not more combative than nrwehualmwi
gdyycnp has been more severely injured than gkraknaww, so gkraknaww is not more combative than gdyycnp
vvfbydfdti has been more severely injured than fkzvjn, so fkzvjn is not more combative than vvfbydfdti
jcvuzs has been more severely injured than dgrugmd, so dgrugmd is not more combative than jcvuzs
iruaim has been more severely injured than pwilqbaop, so pwilqbaop is not more combative than iruaim
lkoxqbypgpzi names names more than wxinr, so lkoxqbypgpzi is more mean than wxinr
lvyaqkmdqtk names names more than fkdkpmatswm, so lvyaqkmdqtk is more mean than fkdkpmatswm
arrek names names more than zjvgxzxmbq, so arrek is more mean than zjvgxzxmbq
sbagpsacs names names more than vvtpcuttrv, so sbagpsacs is more mean than vvtpcuttrv
tcxwzef names names more than pcv, so tcxwzef is more mean than pcv
lkoxqbypgpzi names names more than wxinr, so wxinr is less mean than lkoxqbypgpzi
lvyaqkmdqtk names names more than fkdkpmatswm, so fkdkpmatswm is less mean than lvyaqkmdqtk
arrek names names more than zjvgxzxmbq, so zjvgxzxmbq is less mean than arrek
sbagpsacs names names more than vvtpcuttrv, so vvtpcuttrv is less mean than sbagpsacs
tcxwzef names names more than pcv, so pcv is less mean than tcxwzef
ztxurw names names more than yepjkfell, so ztxurw is not less mean than yepjkfell
eqpqs names names more than wtinhdpyuscx, so eqpqs is not less mean than wtinhdpyuscx
rrxnerahtgy names names more than ixhzmwq, so rrxnerahtgy is not less mean than ixhzmwq
gxyh names names more than apmolqvfaof, so gxyh is not less mean than apmolqvfaof
hmupeyg names names more than jelvttaj, so hmupeyg is not less mean than jelvttaj
yepjkfell names names more than ztxurw, so ztxurw is not more mean than yepjkfell
wtinhdpyuscx names names more than eqpqs, so eqpqs is not more mean than wtinhdpyuscx
ixhzmwq names names more than rrxnerahtgy, so rrxnerahtgy is not more mean than ixhzmwq
apmolqvfaof names names more than gxyh, so gxyh is not more mean than apmolqvfaof
jelvttaj names names more than hmupeyg, so hmupeyg is not more mean than jelvttaj
ysbuoxtq loses their job more than puszwzeizc, so ysbuoxtq is more sad than puszwzeizc
cmdxv loses their job more than xwrmw, so cmdxv is more sad than xwrmw
xfpdw loses their job more than oowwrxyl, so xfpdw is more sad than oowwrxyl
nakpklkiz loses their job more than mmculadkei, so nakpklkiz is more sad than mmculadkei
aocgqn loses their job more than jakahzznxd, so aocgqn is more sad than jakahzznxd
ysbuoxtq loses their job more than puszwzeizc, so puszwzeizc is less sad than ysbuoxtq
cmdxv loses their job more than xwrmw, so xwrmw is less sad than cmdxv
xfpdw loses their job more than oowwrxyl, so oowwrxyl is less sad than xfpdw
nakpklkiz loses their job more than mmculadkei, so mmculadkei is less sad than nakpklkiz
aocgqn loses their job more than jakahzznxd, so jakahzznxd is less sad than aocgqn
jpdjwdltu loses their job more than uqjsqxr, so jpdjwdltu is not less sad than uqjsqxr
jtudf loses their job more than efq, so jtudf is not less sad than efq
qlwxlmuqrj loses their job more than zxfetfpipji, so qlwxlmuqrj is not less sad than zxfetfpipji
qgmbnxue loses their job more than modfzagisgci, so qgmbnxue is not less sad than modfzagisgci
zihekfkmrnh loses their job more than jahipbq, so zihekfkmrnh is not less sad than jahipbq
uqjsqxr loses their job more than jpdjwdltu, so jpdjwdltu is not more sad than uqjsqxr
efq loses their job more than jtudf, so jtudf is not more sad than efq
zxfetfpipji loses their job more than qlwxlmuqrj, so qlwxlmuqrj is not more sad than zxfetfpipji
modfzagisgci loses their job more than qgmbnxue, so qgmbnxue is not more sad than modfzagisgci
jahipbq loses their job more than zihekfkmrnh, so zihekfkmrnh is not more sad than jahipbq
bddnpkz sends a message more than fahriptntop, so bddnpkz is more collaborative than fahriptntop
sjlv sends a message more than osq, so sjlv is more collaborative than osq
qhtcwt sends a message more than pqibujyauwhe, so qhtcwt is more collaborative than pqibujyauwhe
exgzssb sends a message more than fqsydoakf, so exgzssb is more collaborative than fqsydoakf
ldhp sends a message more than baduvuwp, so ldhp is more collaborative than baduvuwp
bddnpkz sends a message more than fahriptntop, so fahriptntop is less collaborative than bddnpkz
sjlv sends a message more than osq, so osq is less collaborative than sjlv
qhtcwt sends a message more than pqibujyauwhe, so pqibujyauwhe is less collaborative than qhtcwt
exgzssb sends a message more than fqsydoakf, so fqsydoakf is less collaborative than exgzssb
ldhp sends a message more than baduvuwp, so baduvuwp is less collaborative than ldhp
fdx sends a message more than stlnxmz, so fdx is not less collaborative than stlnxmz
mvnkdkkqihsg sends a message more than nqgv, so mvnkdkkqihsg is not less collaborative than nqgv
qyslhrklv sends a message more than vllmlchkd, so qyslhrklv is not less collaborative than vllmlchkd
wzu sends a message more than cpnljkyvtk, so wzu is not less collaborative than cpnljkyvtk
hbnkivmfxmme sends a message more than dgmfrubh, so hbnkivmfxmme is not less collaborative than dgmfrubh
stlnxmz sends a message more than fdx, so fdx is not more collaborative than stlnxmz
nqgv sends a message more than mvnkdkkqihsg, so mvnkdkkqihsg is not more collaborative than nqgv
vllmlchkd sends a message more than qyslhrklv, so qyslhrklv is not more collaborative than vllmlchkd
cpnljkyvtk sends a message more than wzu, so wzu is not more collaborative than cpnljkyvtk
dgmfrubh sends a message more than hbnkivmfxmme, so hbnkivmfxmme is not more collaborative than dgmfrubh
fnpv has to go to school more than znlajoxkqwbe, so fnpv is more good than znlajoxkqwbe
pnqclhrazyy has to go to school more than ocf, so pnqclhrazyy is more good than ocf
kltuj has to go to school more than gsdorkk, so kltuj is more good than gsdorkk
biiz has to go to school more than crsco, so biiz is more good than crsco
bdcafrsr has to go to school more than qcjayhsiqm, so bdcafrsr is more good than qcjayhsiqm
fnpv has to go to school more than znlajoxkqwbe, so znlajoxkqwbe is less good than fnpv
pnqclhrazyy has to go to school more than ocf, so ocf is less good than pnqclhrazyy
kltuj has to go to school more than gsdorkk, so gsdorkk is less good than kltuj
biiz has to go to school more than crsco, so crsco is less good than biiz
bdcafrsr has to go to school more than qcjayhsiqm, so qcjayhsiqm is less good than bdcafrsr
hsazbvqfpsdi has to go to school more than fepawabwgg, so hsazbvqfpsdi is not less good than fepawabwgg
sjbemq has to go to school more than dsnpgniwm, so sjbemq is not less good than dsnpgniwm
vsijsro has to go to school more than ysamvpp, so vsijsro is not less good than ysamvpp
bnzgzdzi has to go to school more than fudwqiqz, so bnzgzdzi is not less good than fudwqiqz
tbln has to go to school more than kedvwqqpjonc, so tbln is not less good than kedvwqqpjonc
fepawabwgg has to go to school more than hsazbvqfpsdi, so hsazbvqfpsdi is not more good than fepawabwgg
dsnpgniwm has to go to school more than sjbemq, so sjbemq is not more good than dsnpgniwm
ysamvpp has to go to school more than vsijsro, so vsijsro is not more good than ysamvpp
fudwqiqz has to go to school more than bnzgzdzi, so bnzgzdzi is not more good than fudwqiqz
kedvwqqpjonc has to go to school more than tbln, so tbln is not more good than kedvwqqpjonc
dnpu grabs another person's head more than pxzmgy, so dnpu is less friendly than pxzmgy
awwccobkdp grabs another person's head more than phvucun, so awwccobkdp is less friendly than phvucun
loyryxsu grabs another person's head more than idpaj, so loyryxsu is less friendly than idpaj
wjzcoj grabs another person's head more than osfhxjfqljnx, so wjzcoj is less friendly than osfhxjfqljnx
dobiceuevufm grabs another person's head more than gsdusmh, so dobiceuevufm is less friendly than gsdusmh
dnpu grabs another person's head more than pxzmgy, so pxzmgy is more friendly than dnpu
awwccobkdp grabs another person's head more than phvucun, so phvucun is more friendly than awwccobkdp
loyryxsu grabs another person's head more than idpaj, so idpaj is more friendly than loyryxsu
wjzcoj grabs another person's head more than osfhxjfqljnx, so osfhxjfqljnx is more friendly than wjzcoj
dobiceuevufm grabs another person's head more than gsdusmh, so gsdusmh is more friendly than dobiceuevufm
njsdwvi grabs another person's head more than xrcnkrgdaal, so njsdwvi is not less friendly than xrcnkrgdaal
atobtzgcgukf grabs another person's head more than ghw, so atobtzgcgukf is not less friendly than ghw
kalju grabs another person's head more than toeugkeu, so kalju is not less friendly than toeugkeu
vfesxtflzebh grabs another person's head more than fvvo, so vfesxtflzebh is not less friendly than fvvo
cnsjorvrxsu grabs another person's head more than auherowqghsq, so cnsjorvrxsu is not less friendly than auherowqghsq
xrcnkrgdaal grabs another person's head more than njsdwvi, so njsdwvi is not more friendly than xrcnkrgdaal
ghw grabs another person's head more than atobtzgcgukf, so atobtzgcgukf is not more friendly than ghw
toeugkeu grabs another person's head more than kalju, so kalju is not more friendly than toeugkeu
fvvo grabs another person's head more than vfesxtflzebh, so vfesxtflzebh is not more friendly than fvvo
auherowqghsq grabs another person's head more than cnsjorvrxsu, so cnsjorvrxsu is not more friendly than auherowqghsq
hjejsatb likes to hunt more than pjimp, so hjejsatb is more skilled than pjimp
guoyhmuc likes to hunt more than mvwrjgh, so guoyhmuc is more skilled than mvwrjgh
cesrqb likes to hunt more than nwcq, so cesrqb is more skilled than nwcq
xkhjzwnetbh likes to hunt more than uwwz, so xkhjzwnetbh is more skilled than uwwz
ksdvl likes to hunt more than pxl, so ksdvl is more skilled than pxl
hjejsatb likes to hunt more than pjimp, so pjimp is less skilled than hjejsatb
guoyhmuc likes to hunt more than mvwrjgh, so mvwrjgh is less skilled than guoyhmuc
cesrqb likes to hunt more than nwcq, so nwcq is less skilled than cesrqb
xkhjzwnetbh likes to hunt more than uwwz, so uwwz is less skilled than xkhjzwnetbh
ksdvl likes to hunt more than pxl, so pxl is less skilled than ksdvl
rsslnjjsox likes to hunt more than znrrelqhaw, so rsslnjjsox is not less skilled than znrrelqhaw
ayehinzokfs likes to hunt more than kmwkn, so ayehinzokfs is not less skilled than kmwkn
tccdbrbdryf likes to hunt more than yoldmv, so tccdbrbdryf is not less skilled than yoldmv
ujfwusmmgp likes to hunt more than watejsx, so ujfwusmmgp is not less skilled than watejsx
mbhmz likes to hunt more than flqfyddonuzp, so mbhmz is not less skilled than flqfyddonuzp
znrrelqhaw likes to hunt more than rsslnjjsox, so rsslnjjsox is not more skilled than znrrelqhaw
kmwkn likes to hunt more than ayehinzokfs, so ayehinzokfs is not more skilled than kmwkn
yoldmv likes to hunt more than tccdbrbdryf, so tccdbrbdryf is not more skilled than yoldmv
watejsx likes to hunt more than ujfwusmmgp, so ujfwusmmgp is not more skilled than watejsx
flqfyddonuzp likes to hunt more than mbhmz, so mbhmz is not more skilled than flqfyddonuzp
lirgiadmio gives another person's one more than osyuocjvm, so lirgiadmio is more giving than osyuocjvm
krspjg gives another person's one more than uitgzvemei, so krspjg is more giving than uitgzvemei
gaxayon gives another person's one more than kqbed, so gaxayon is more giving than kqbed
wotmlw gives another person's one more than wuxl, so wotmlw is more giving than wuxl
uzdzb gives another person's one more than qlmzz, so uzdzb is more giving than qlmzz
lirgiadmio gives another person's one more than osyuocjvm, so osyuocjvm is less giving than lirgiadmio
krspjg gives another person's one more than uitgzvemei, so uitgzvemei is less giving than krspjg
gaxayon gives another person's one more than kqbed, so kqbed is less giving than gaxayon
wotmlw gives another person's one more than wuxl, so wuxl is less giving than wotmlw
uzdzb gives another person's one more than qlmzz, so qlmzz is less giving than uzdzb
oayyagr gives another person's one more than toiemzhf, so oayyagr is not less giving than toiemzhf
xpom gives another person's one more than ror, so xpom is not less giving than ror
tknegswduxcw gives another person's one more than yrcl, so tknegswduxcw is not less giving than yrcl
cteb gives another person's one more than xnqqrmuqafdi, so cteb is not less giving than xnqqrmuqafdi
brrepj gives another person's one more than dqduxcft, so brrepj is not less giving than dqduxcft
toiemzhf gives another person's one more than oayyagr, so oayyagr is not more giving than toiemzhf
ror gives another person's one more than xpom, so xpom is not more giving than ror
yrcl gives another person's one more than tknegswduxcw, so tknegswduxcw is not more giving than yrcl
xnqqrmuqafdi gives another person's one more than cteb, so cteb is not more giving than xnqqrmuqafdi
dqduxcft gives another person's one more than brrepj, so brrepj is not more giving than dqduxcft
auky makes things work more than ufhqyjjqbe, so auky is less clever than ufhqyjjqbe
eoixjuja makes things work more than wcktn, so eoixjuja is less clever than wcktn
nvpeiyxf makes things work more than suoldslvwcn, so nvpeiyxf is less clever than suoldslvwcn
yhgt makes things work more than yyz, so yhgt is less clever than yyz
lcdab makes things work more than peozkvntf, so lcdab is less clever than peozkvntf
auky makes things work more than ufhqyjjqbe, so ufhqyjjqbe is less clever than auky
eoixjuja makes things work more than wcktn, so wcktn is less clever than eoixjuja
nvpeiyxf makes things work more than suoldslvwcn, so suoldslvwcn is less clever than nvpeiyxf
yhgt makes things work more than yyz, so yyz is less clever than yhgt
lcdab makes things work more than peozkvntf, so peozkvntf is less clever than lcdab
darfhjxbfe makes things work more than ffgddpyf, so darfhjxbfe is not less clever than ffgddpyf
wtkofq makes things work more than kacjhlbahzk, so wtkofq is not less clever than kacjhlbahzk
cokeokheewz makes things work more than bfeea, so cokeokheewz is not less clever than bfeea
iggnhkqrr makes things work more than zesqe, so iggnhkqrr is not less clever than zesqe
bpfjqtpfdbl makes things work more than xbxjbkns, so bpfjqtpfdbl is not less clever than xbxjbkns
ffgddpyf makes things work more than darfhjxbfe, so darfhjxbfe is not more clever than ffgddpyf
kacjhlbahzk makes things work more than wtkofq, so wtkofq is not more clever than kacjhlbahzk
bfeea makes things work more than cokeokheewz, so cokeokheewz is not more clever than bfeea
zesqe makes things work more than iggnhkqrr, so iggnhkqrr is not more clever than zesqe
xbxjbkns makes things work more than bpfjqtpfdbl, so bpfjqtpfdbl is not more clever than xbxjbkns
yzguuhulxhz sets another person apart more than nzvwux, so yzguuhulxhz is more organized than nzvwux
fladbjjynp sets another person apart more than qgsrf, so fladbjjynp is more organized than qgsrf
phdf sets another person apart more than yom, so phdf is more organized than yom
xptzlqgbdmdj sets another person apart more than kefwyrp, so xptzlqgbdmdj is more organized than kefwyrp
hjvhez sets another person apart more than sbgicvwbff, so hjvhez is more organized than sbgicvwbff
yzguuhulxhz sets another person apart more than nzvwux, so nzvwux is less organized than yzguuhulxhz
fladbjjynp sets another person apart more than qgsrf, so qgsrf is less organized than fladbjjynp
phdf sets another person apart more than yom, so yom is less organized than phdf
xptzlqgbdmdj sets another person apart more than kefwyrp, so kefwyrp is less organized than xptzlqgbdmdj
hjvhez sets another person apart more than sbgicvwbff, so sbgicvwbff is less organized than hjvhez
oqibumj sets another person apart more than saanqliidee, so oqibumj is not less organized than saanqliidee
rgxwrwwrum sets another person apart more than ywaw, so rgxwrwwrum is not less organized than ywaw
egk sets another person apart more than deretds, so egk is not less organized than deretds
jwg sets another person apart more than zudarrcgyo, so jwg is not less organized than zudarrcgyo
ypbqcyozvham sets another person apart more than xclo, so ypbqcyozvham is not less organized than xclo
saanqliidee sets another person apart more than oqibumj, so oqibumj is not more organized than saanqliidee
ywaw sets another person apart more than rgxwrwwrum, so rgxwrwwrum is not more organized than ywaw
deretds sets another person apart more than egk, so egk is not more organized than deretds
zudarrcgyo sets another person apart more than jwg, so jwg is not more organized than zudarrcgyo
xclo sets another person apart more than ypbqcyozvham, so ypbqcyozvham is not more organized than xclo
prwllyfgzjq kills another person animal more than qqeqsszc, so prwllyfgzjq is more brutal than qqeqsszc
vdwkbktnfcj kills another person animal more than yriiuwjqbslq, so vdwkbktnfcj is more brutal than yriiuwjqbslq
wqfeevk kills another person animal more than qakfeewun, so wqfeevk is more brutal than qakfeewun
aakqfdpggtdq kills another person animal more than ugsmifhokp, so aakqfdpggtdq is more brutal than ugsmifhokp
jysf kills another person animal more than ybchsi, so jysf is more brutal than ybchsi
prwllyfgzjq kills another person animal more than qqeqsszc, so qqeqsszc is less brutal than prwllyfgzjq
vdwkbktnfcj kills another person animal more than yriiuwjqbslq, so yriiuwjqbslq is less brutal than vdwkbktnfcj
wqfeevk kills another person animal more than qakfeewun, so qakfeewun is less brutal than wqfeevk
aakqfdpggtdq kills another person animal more than ugsmifhokp, so ugsmifhokp is less brutal than aakqfdpggtdq
jysf kills another person animal more than ybchsi, so ybchsi is less brutal than jysf
hmtyiukifk kills another person animal more than tgm, so hmtyiukifk is not less brutal than tgm
ecycyikpyyzs kills another person animal more than sgp, so ecycyikpyyzs is not less brutal than sgp
ktpeiuab kills another person animal more than lqgpqr, so ktpeiuab is not less brutal than lqgpqr
sxi kills another person animal more than lpelud, so sxi is not less brutal than lpelud
tgwhujemj kills another person animal more than tmqsiytq, so tgwhujemj is not less brutal than tmqsiytq
tgm kills another person animal more than hmtyiukifk, so hmtyiukifk is not more brutal than tgm
sgp kills another person animal more than ecycyikpyyzs, so ecycyikpyyzs is not more brutal than sgp
lqgpqr kills another person animal more than ktpeiuab, so ktpeiuab is not more brutal than lqgpqr
lpelud kills another person animal more than sxi, so sxi is not more brutal than lpelud
tmqsiytq kills another person animal more than tgwhujemj, so tgwhujemj is not more brutal than tmqsiytq
qbakrqqeb draws attention away more than jbhfvaqqvp, so qbakrqqeb is more outgoing than jbhfvaqqvp
iklkgcjntb draws attention away more than tjnjdexygp, so iklkgcjntb is more outgoing than tjnjdexygp
vjyymwbfqyw draws attention away more than wxje, so vjyymwbfqyw is more outgoing than wxje
qlxupkgf draws attention away more than hkinrovnj, so qlxupkgf is more outgoing than hkinrovnj
cunxlwurnf draws attention away more than pzzpdfko, so cunxlwurnf is more outgoing than pzzpdfko
qbakrqqeb draws attention away more than jbhfvaqqvp, so jbhfvaqqvp is less outgoing than qbakrqqeb
iklkgcjntb draws attention away more than tjnjdexygp, so tjnjdexygp is less outgoing than iklkgcjntb
vjyymwbfqyw draws attention away more than wxje, so wxje is less outgoing than vjyymwbfqyw
qlxupkgf draws attention away more than hkinrovnj, so hkinrovnj is less outgoing than qlxupkgf
cunxlwurnf draws attention away more than pzzpdfko, so pzzpdfko is less outgoing than cunxlwurnf
htyxlzyqqusx draws attention away more than uazhdsmhjg, so htyxlzyqqusx is not less outgoing than uazhdsmhjg
fcic draws attention away more than cvlvxwyoe, so fcic is not less outgoing than cvlvxwyoe
wwepzscb draws attention away more than aqmo, so wwepzscb is not less outgoing than aqmo
wtyyz draws attention away more than vclcqboskg, so wtyyz is not less outgoing than vclcqboskg
xsdfhdlll draws attention away more than edztlxcrp, so xsdfhdlll is not less outgoing than edztlxcrp
uazhdsmhjg draws attention away more than htyxlzyqqusx, so htyxlzyqqusx is not more outgoing than uazhdsmhjg
cvlvxwyoe draws attention away more than fcic, so fcic is not more outgoing than cvlvxwyoe
aqmo draws attention away more than wwepzscb, so wwepzscb is not more outgoing than aqmo
vclcqboskg draws attention away more than wtyyz, so wtyyz is not more outgoing than vclcqboskg
edztlxcrp draws attention away more than xsdfhdlll, so xsdfhdlll is not more outgoing than edztlxcrp
jvebnpqax boils water more than houf, so jvebnpqax is less careless than houf
wqszugqn boils water more than qnmwolfkjh, so wqszugqn is less careless than qnmwolfkjh
rcqwkuhjnml boils water more than tvl, so rcqwkuhjnml is less careless than tvl
buciimhnml boils water more than udkhyjromfpa, so buciimhnml is less careless than udkhyjromfpa
nomhzjwngqg boils water more than dfhuv, so nomhzjwngqg is less careless than dfhuv
jvebnpqax boils water more than houf, so houf is less careless than jvebnpqax
wqszugqn boils water more than qnmwolfkjh, so qnmwolfkjh is less careless than wqszugqn
rcqwkuhjnml boils water more than tvl, so tvl is less careless than rcqwkuhjnml
buciimhnml boils water more than udkhyjromfpa, so udkhyjromfpa is less careless than buciimhnml
nomhzjwngqg boils water more than dfhuv, so dfhuv is less careless than nomhzjwngqg
qxpc boils water more than ikti, so qxpc is not less careless than ikti
lqaox boils water more than xoglezmtuoj, so lqaox is not less careless than xoglezmtuoj
gpstr boils water more than rtgzbqp, so gpstr is not less careless than rtgzbqp
alypjnp boils water more than whrpborpkk, so alypjnp is not less careless than whrpborpkk
hbrqzblaero boils water more than ahel, so hbrqzblaero is not less careless than ahel
ikti boils water more than qxpc, so qxpc is not more careless than ikti
xoglezmtuoj boils water more than lqaox, so lqaox is not more careless than xoglezmtuoj
rtgzbqp boils water more than gpstr, so gpstr is not more careless than rtgzbqp
whrpborpkk boils water more than alypjnp, so alypjnp is not more careless than whrpborpkk
ahel boils water more than hbrqzblaero, so hbrqzblaero is not more careless than ahel
wpjtjsstq sends another person to a school more than qhaek, so wpjtjsstq is more strict than qhaek
swt sends another person to a school more than unpwhlrsdvk, so swt is more strict than unpwhlrsdvk
iebhjqu sends another person to a school more than ckkomema, so iebhjqu is more strict than ckkomema
aclvwl sends another person to a school more than hvg, so aclvwl is more strict than hvg
fbcv sends another person to a school more than uqcisclrd, so fbcv is more strict than uqcisclrd
wpjtjsstq sends another person to a school more than qhaek, so qhaek is less strict than wpjtjsstq
swt sends another person to a school more than unpwhlrsdvk, so unpwhlrsdvk is less strict than swt
iebhjqu sends another person to a school more than ckkomema, so ckkomema is less strict than iebhjqu
aclvwl sends another person to a school more than hvg, so hvg is less strict than aclvwl
fbcv sends another person to a school more than uqcisclrd, so uqcisclrd is less strict than fbcv
puchmtxrx sends another person to a school more than njhtvgzoqdb, so puchmtxrx is not less strict than njhtvgzoqdb
qlvrqygouo sends another person to a school more than itrghtagza, so qlvrqygouo is not less strict than itrghtagza
dap sends another person to a school more than xxuifbwenn, so dap is not less strict than xxuifbwenn
tejfraag sends another person to a school more than ddm, so tejfraag is not less strict than ddm
imbllenpky sends another person to a school more than ctxyuew, so imbllenpky is not less strict than ctxyuew
njhtvgzoqdb sends another person to a school more than puchmtxrx, so puchmtxrx is not more strict than njhtvgzoqdb
itrghtagza sends another person to a school more than qlvrqygouo, so qlvrqygouo is not more strict than itrghtagza
xxuifbwenn sends another person to a school more than dap, so dap is not more strict than xxuifbwenn
ddm sends another person to a school more than tejfraag, so tejfraag is not more strict than ddm
ctxyuew sends another person to a school more than imbllenpky, so imbllenpky is not more strict than ctxyuew
jptqu forms another person estimate more than obkd, so jptqu is more likely to be calculating than obkd
miemtrdzrb forms another person estimate more than hpbon, so miemtrdzrb is more likely to be calculating than hpbon
emxl forms another person estimate more than lcnva, so emxl is more likely to be calculating than lcnva
vsilc forms another person estimate more than wtj, so vsilc is more likely to be calculating than wtj
odswytvaisdz forms another person estimate more than fjseevg, so odswytvaisdz is more likely to be calculating than fjseevg
jptqu forms another person estimate more than obkd, so obkd is less capable of calculating than jptqu
miemtrdzrb forms another person estimate more than hpbon, so hpbon is less capable of calculating than miemtrdzrb
emxl forms another person estimate more than lcnva, so lcnva is less capable of calculating than emxl
vsilc forms another person estimate more than wtj, so wtj is less capable of calculating than vsilc
odswytvaisdz forms another person estimate more than fjseevg, so fjseevg is less capable of calculating than odswytvaisdz
yyz forms another person estimate more than kytpblwo, so yyz is not less capable of calculating than kytpblwo
ffix forms another person estimate more than cvurewqmltcb, so ffix is not less capable of calculating than cvurewqmltcb
wyrzzu forms another person estimate more than yfuadxbtfmg, so wyrzzu is not less capable of calculating than yfuadxbtfmg
yzygqw forms another person estimate more than vlcplxiyky, so yzygqw is not less capable of calculating than vlcplxiyky
edwv forms another person estimate more than qmxcfaccm, so edwv is not less capable of calculating than qmxcfaccm
kytpblwo forms another person estimate more than yyz, so yyz is not more capable of calculating than kytpblwo
cvurewqmltcb forms another person estimate more than ffix, so ffix is not more capable of calculating than cvurewqmltcb
yfuadxbtfmg forms another person estimate more than wyrzzu, so wyrzzu is not more capable of calculating than yfuadxbtfmg
vlcplxiyky forms another person estimate more than yzygqw, so yzygqw is not more capable of calculating than vlcplxiyky
qmxcfaccm forms another person estimate more than edwv, so edwv is not more capable of calculating than qmxcfaccm
rdzlc gives their wife more than beywjfwnsi, so rdzlc is more considerate than beywjfwnsi
jjqizngidp gives their wife more than wvpfgk, so jjqizngidp is more considerate than wvpfgk
tonpyx gives their wife more than mzroejpfsq, so tonpyx is more considerate than mzroejpfsq
rnof gives their wife more than egxegfrbamsf, so rnof is more considerate than egxegfrbamsf
cmeqo gives their wife more than nbbputtbnxyd, so cmeqo is more considerate than nbbputtbnxyd
rdzlc gives their wife more than beywjfwnsi, so beywjfwnsi is less considerate than rdzlc
jjqizngidp gives their wife more than wvpfgk, so wvpfgk is less considerate than jjqizngidp
tonpyx gives their wife more than mzroejpfsq, so mzroejpfsq is less considerate than tonpyx
rnof gives their wife more than egxegfrbamsf, so egxegfrbamsf is less considerate than rnof
cmeqo gives their wife more than nbbputtbnxyd, so nbbputtbnxyd is less considerate than cmeqo
ygy gives their wife more than keheolaq, so ygy is not less considerate than keheolaq
kldsdwluvo gives their wife more than uzi, so kldsdwluvo is not less considerate than uzi
zeoqjktmhrli gives their wife more than uzozaypkfuep, so zeoqjktmhrli is not less considerate than uzozaypkfuep
wefakvzyyz gives their wife more than ilwdo, so wefakvzyyz is not less considerate than ilwdo
ixiuotqf gives their wife more than kooidadxnzqy, so ixiuotqf is not less considerate than kooidadxnzqy
keheolaq gives their wife more than ygy, so ygy is not more considerate than keheolaq
uzi gives their wife more than kldsdwluvo, so kldsdwluvo is not more considerate than uzi
uzozaypkfuep gives their wife more than zeoqjktmhrli, so zeoqjktmhrli is not more considerate than uzozaypkfuep
ilwdo gives their wife more than wefakvzyyz, so wefakvzyyz is not more considerate than ilwdo
kooidadxnzqy gives their wife more than ixiuotqf, so ixiuotqf is not more considerate than kooidadxnzqy
ksserz searches all day more than jtxntfp, so ksserz is more active than jtxntfp
oqkmolbhdim searches all day more than ogjnaccs, so oqkmolbhdim is more active than ogjnaccs
qyh searches all day more than mbhdg, so qyh is more active than mbhdg
donwvbpanta searches all day more than etvg, so donwvbpanta is more active than etvg
evnhmylbzgv searches all day more than xra, so evnhmylbzgv is more active than xra
ksserz searches all day more than jtxntfp, so jtxntfp is less active than ksserz
oqkmolbhdim searches all day more than ogjnaccs, so ogjnaccs is less active than oqkmolbhdim
qyh searches all day more than mbhdg, so mbhdg is less active than qyh
donwvbpanta searches all day more than etvg, so etvg is less active than donwvbpanta
evnhmylbzgv searches all day more than xra, so xra is less active than evnhmylbzgv
zcxc searches all day more than evntvkakk, so zcxc is not less active than evntvkakk
pfdfwyzrqc searches all day more than bhvrkyjjs, so pfdfwyzrqc is not less active than bhvrkyjjs
alwzhvdzadi searches all day more than neqpxhpfl, so alwzhvdzadi is not less active than neqpxhpfl
wgpklf searches all day more than aheodnlbzgw, so wgpklf is not less active than aheodnlbzgw
mrspkoynmd searches all day more than rrzvglu, so mrspkoynmd is not less active than rrzvglu
evntvkakk searches all day more than zcxc, so zcxc is not more active than evntvkakk
bhvrkyjjs searches all day more than pfdfwyzrqc, so pfdfwyzrqc is not more active than bhvrkyjjs
neqpxhpfl searches all day more than alwzhvdzadi, so alwzhvdzadi is not more active than neqpxhpfl
aheodnlbzgw searches all day more than wgpklf, so wgpklf is not more active than aheodnlbzgw
rrzvglu searches all day more than mrspkoynmd, so mrspkoynmd is not more active than rrzvglu
khlfbmnynhkt earns their keep more than ytbyrwm, so khlfbmnynhkt is more independent than ytbyrwm
zmfnh earns their keep more than lmswgea, so zmfnh is more independent than lmswgea
ujplgm earns their keep more than zmltaleilj, so ujplgm is more independent than zmltaleilj
ibmulvbv earns their keep more than gflhgo, so ibmulvbv is more independent than gflhgo
hoadfsnmsqal earns their keep more than jcoymwcmtbx, so hoadfsnmsqal is more independent than jcoymwcmtbx
khlfbmnynhkt earns their keep more than ytbyrwm, so ytbyrwm is more independent than khlfbmnynhkt
zmfnh earns their keep more than lmswgea, so lmswgea is more independent than zmfnh
ujplgm earns their keep more than zmltaleilj, so zmltaleilj is more independent than ujplgm
ibmulvbv earns their keep more than gflhgo, so gflhgo is more independent than ibmulvbv
hoadfsnmsqal earns their keep more than jcoymwcmtbx, so jcoymwcmtbx is more independent than hoadfsnmsqal
jrdwj earns their keep more than isu, so jrdwj is not less independent than isu
vsirp earns their keep more than ctxymop, so vsirp is not less independent than ctxymop
ddqzninmst earns their keep more than dnkstvbooa, so ddqzninmst is not less independent than dnkstvbooa
igicmrysg earns their keep more than wkbxvrt, so igicmrysg is not less independent than wkbxvrt
xopgz earns their keep more than nsd, so xopgz is not less independent than nsd
isu earns their keep more than jrdwj, so jrdwj is not more independent than isu
ctxymop earns their keep more than vsirp, so vsirp is not more independent than ctxymop
dnkstvbooa earns their keep more than ddqzninmst, so ddqzninmst is not more independent than dnkstvbooa
wkbxvrt earns their keep more than igicmrysg, so igicmrysg is not more independent than wkbxvrt
nsd earns their keep more than xopgz, so xopgz is not more independent than nsd
bal increases their profits more than dcvqcoda, so bal is more clever than dcvqcoda
nyxxairx increases their profits more than zndt, so nyxxairx is more clever than zndt
imppyibl increases their profits more than vgvubw, so imppyibl is more clever than vgvubw
zxmhmnki increases their profits more than mti, so zxmhmnki is more clever than mti
bvputjdd increases their profits more than sewbnwd, so bvputjdd is more clever than sewbnwd
bal increases their profits more than dcvqcoda, so dcvqcoda is less clever than bal
nyxxairx increases their profits more than zndt, so zndt is less clever than nyxxairx
imppyibl increases their profits more than vgvubw, so vgvubw is less clever than imppyibl
zxmhmnki increases their profits more than mti, so mti is less clever than zxmhmnki
bvputjdd increases their profits more than sewbnwd, so sewbnwd is less clever than bvputjdd
njcaazotnp increases their profits more than vnqpumqz, so njcaazotnp is not less clever than vnqpumqz
nttunmbnpkqe increases their profits more than trrhnyyude, so nttunmbnpkqe is not less clever than trrhnyyude
toyy increases their profits more than xragragxxb, so toyy is not less clever than xragragxxb
pguaqez increases their profits more than vjlouxieihjv, so pguaqez is not less clever than vjlouxieihjv
iifyqhkyvjx increases their profits more than gdgdwqotgzk, so iifyqhkyvjx is not less clever than gdgdwqotgzk
vnqpumqz increases their profits more than njcaazotnp, so njcaazotnp is not more clever than vnqpumqz
trrhnyyude increases their profits more than nttunmbnpkqe, so nttunmbnpkqe is not more clever than trrhnyyude
xragragxxb increases their profits more than toyy, so toyy is not more clever than xragragxxb
vjlouxieihjv increases their profits more than pguaqez, so pguaqez is not more clever than vjlouxieihjv
gdgdwqotgzk increases their profits more than iifyqhkyvjx, so iifyqhkyvjx is not more clever than gdgdwqotgzk
nuiw plays fast and loose more than qwdjvzqxfp, so nuiw is more unsucess than qwdjvzqxfp
jvsml plays fast and loose more than hapjrwfjbust, so jvsml is more unsucess than hapjrwfjbust
xzpqaqgkfzzh plays fast and loose more than aauoj, so xzpqaqgkfzzh is more unsucess than aauoj
ougdzad plays fast and loose more than xpqpna, so ougdzad is more unsucess than xpqpna
vgklm plays fast and loose more than zgu, so vgklm is more unsucess than zgu
nuiw plays fast and loose more than qwdjvzqxfp, so qwdjvzqxfp is less unsucess than nuiw
jvsml plays fast and loose more than hapjrwfjbust, so hapjrwfjbust is less unsucess than jvsml
xzpqaqgkfzzh plays fast and loose more than aauoj, so aauoj is less unsucess than xzpqaqgkfzzh
ougdzad plays fast and loose more than xpqpna, so xpqpna is less unsucess than ougdzad
vgklm plays fast and loose more than zgu, so zgu is less unsucess than vgklm
fdr plays fast and loose more than gkeevkw, so fdr is not less unsucess than gkeevkw
ioez plays fast and loose more than exzazctvqe, so ioez is not less unsucess than exzazctvqe
jtdgszbxfol plays fast and loose more than tglgkrtv, so jtdgszbxfol is not less unsucess than tglgkrtv
tpdsisgtufc plays fast and loose more than ntsg, so tpdsisgtufc is not less unsucess than ntsg
ltrmbonm plays fast and loose more than vfapbq, so ltrmbonm is not less unsucess than vfapbq
gkeevkw plays fast and loose more than fdr, so fdr is not more unsucess than gkeevkw
exzazctvqe plays fast and loose more than ioez, so ioez is not more unsucess than exzazctvqe
tglgkrtv plays fast and loose more than jtdgszbxfol, so jtdgszbxfol is not more unsucess than tglgkrtv
ntsg plays fast and loose more than tpdsisgtufc, so tpdsisgtufc is not more unsucess than ntsg
vfapbq plays fast and loose more than ltrmbonm, so ltrmbonm is not more unsucess than vfapbq
onhhrqxoyykm protects their privacy more than dnos, so onhhrqxoyykm is more responsible than dnos
ujz protects their privacy more than yflytqvpk, so ujz is more responsible than yflytqvpk
qzbuoxd protects their privacy more than yabstfmbodns, so qzbuoxd is more responsible than yabstfmbodns
vgxlrhexb protects their privacy more than loxoo, so vgxlrhexb is more responsible than loxoo
zjdtfppkbm protects their privacy more than ufrjggtqy, so zjdtfppkbm is more responsible than ufrjggtqy
onhhrqxoyykm protects their privacy more than dnos, so dnos is less responsible than onhhrqxoyykm
ujz protects their privacy more than yflytqvpk, so yflytqvpk is less responsible than ujz
qzbuoxd protects their privacy more than yabstfmbodns, so yabstfmbodns is less responsible than qzbuoxd
vgxlrhexb protects their privacy more than loxoo, so loxoo is less responsible than vgxlrhexb
zjdtfppkbm protects their privacy more than ufrjggtqy, so ufrjggtqy is less responsible than zjdtfppkbm
fvliiqmymgso protects their privacy more than pfstao, so fvliiqmymgso is not less responsible than pfstao
nnniyqdawec protects their privacy more than ekodstqlstn, so nnniyqdawec is not less responsible than ekodstqlstn
nlscx protects their privacy more than zhvlm, so nlscx is not less responsible than zhvlm
fagz protects their privacy more than zuoh, so fagz is not less responsible than zuoh
jnyryza protects their privacy more than npvgepkjgw, so jnyryza is not less responsible than npvgepkjgw
pfstao protects their privacy more than fvliiqmymgso, so fvliiqmymgso is not more responsible than pfstao
ekodstqlstn protects their privacy more than nnniyqdawec, so nnniyqdawec is not more responsible than ekodstqlstn
zhvlm protects their privacy more than nlscx, so nlscx is not more responsible than zhvlm
zuoh protects their privacy more than fagz, so fagz is not more responsible than zuoh
npvgepkjgw protects their privacy more than jnyryza, so jnyryza is not more responsible than npvgepkjgw
fjyxlly comes home to another person more than taxgyhkqavb, so fjyxlly is more responsible than taxgyhkqavb
ulvphh comes home to another person more than biawrdvow, so ulvphh is more responsible than biawrdvow
hltaawguwvj comes home to another person more than wfb, so hltaawguwvj is more responsible than wfb
vqmmosuag comes home to another person more than gkhkxuwanl, so vqmmosuag is more responsible than gkhkxuwanl
lxckjvcvx comes home to another person more than yagis, so lxckjvcvx is more responsible than yagis
fjyxlly comes home to another person more than taxgyhkqavb, so taxgyhkqavb is less responsible than fjyxlly
ulvphh comes home to another person more than biawrdvow, so biawrdvow is less responsible than ulvphh
hltaawguwvj comes home to another person more than wfb, so wfb is less responsible than hltaawguwvj
vqmmosuag comes home to another person more than gkhkxuwanl, so gkhkxuwanl is less responsible than vqmmosuag
lxckjvcvx comes home to another person more than yagis, so yagis is less responsible than lxckjvcvx
dufcyyshf comes home to another person more than nkvegtk, so dufcyyshf is not less responsible than nkvegtk
rtaqo comes home to another person more than kbgwfxhsm, so rtaqo is not less responsible than kbgwfxhsm
kgxjbbsmm comes home to another person more than rsms, so kgxjbbsmm is not less responsible than rsms
nuy comes home to another person more than epax, so nuy is not less responsible than epax
cpfs comes home to another person more than bapnzzl, so cpfs is not less responsible than bapnzzl
nkvegtk comes home to another person more than dufcyyshf, so dufcyyshf is not more responsible than nkvegtk
kbgwfxhsm comes home to another person more than rtaqo, so rtaqo is not more responsible than kbgwfxhsm
rsms comes home to another person more than kgxjbbsmm, so kgxjbbsmm is not more responsible than rsms
epax comes home to another person more than nuy, so nuy is not more responsible than epax
bapnzzl comes home to another person more than cpfs, so cpfs is not more responsible than bapnzzl
ghq gets a cup of coffee more than ahxezmwsj, so ghq is more fatigued than ahxezmwsj
ujuadcy gets a cup of coffee more than muoini, so ujuadcy is more fatigued than muoini
ztt gets a cup of coffee more than egv, so ztt is more fatigued than egv
olth gets a cup of coffee more than cgpgflh, so olth is more fatigued than cgpgflh
ytjzdxzbzclc gets a cup of coffee more than oaaivmbjairb, so ytjzdxzbzclc is more fatigued than oaaivmbjairb
ghq gets a cup of coffee more than ahxezmwsj, so ahxezmwsj is less fatigued than ghq
ujuadcy gets a cup of coffee more than muoini, so muoini is less fatigued than ujuadcy
ztt gets a cup of coffee more than egv, so egv is less fatigued than ztt
olth gets a cup of coffee more than cgpgflh, so cgpgflh is less fatigued than olth
ytjzdxzbzclc gets a cup of coffee more than oaaivmbjairb, so oaaivmbjairb is less fatigued than ytjzdxzbzclc
gqugcuf gets a cup of coffee more than qlmmpktrkbyf, so gqugcuf is not less fatigued than qlmmpktrkbyf
hrj gets a cup of coffee more than pupbfdv, so hrj is not less fatigued than pupbfdv
lhtxa gets a cup of coffee more than yjdpguekfqet, so lhtxa is not less fatigued than yjdpguekfqet
uqrggqkljgmc gets a cup of coffee more than ttotiaauto, so uqrggqkljgmc is not less fatigued than ttotiaauto
gmmbzt gets a cup of coffee more than idemfdfzcn, so gmmbzt is not less fatigued than idemfdfzcn
qlmmpktrkbyf gets a cup of coffee more than gqugcuf, so gqugcuf is not more fatigued than qlmmpktrkbyf
pupbfdv gets a cup of coffee more than hrj, so hrj is not more fatigued than pupbfdv
yjdpguekfqet gets a cup of coffee more than lhtxa, so lhtxa is not more fatigued than yjdpguekfqet
ttotiaauto gets a cup of coffee more than uqrggqkljgmc, so uqrggqkljgmc is not more fatigued than ttotiaauto
idemfdfzcn gets a cup of coffee more than gmmbzt, so gmmbzt is not more fatigued than idemfdfzcn
mvycc starts looking for a new job more than xmncx, so mvycc is more proactive than xmncx
bwsnsnt starts looking for a new job more than dvmrezzg, so bwsnsnt is more proactive than dvmrezzg
gqnxq starts looking for a new job more than ftqseqswj, so gqnxq is more proactive than ftqseqswj
qob starts looking for a new job more than qmww, so qob is more proactive than qmww
qeetaiujb starts looking for a new job more than qrwlievhvvgl, so qeetaiujb is more proactive than qrwlievhvvgl
mvycc starts looking for a new job more than xmncx, so xmncx is less proactive than mvycc
bwsnsnt starts looking for a new job more than dvmrezzg, so dvmrezzg is less proactive than bwsnsnt
gqnxq starts looking for a new job more than ftqseqswj, so ftqseqswj is less proactive than gqnxq
qob starts looking for a new job more than qmww, so qmww is less proactive than qob
qeetaiujb starts looking for a new job more than qrwlievhvvgl, so qrwlievhvvgl is less proactive than qeetaiujb
mvp starts looking for a new job more than yuznaywb, so mvp is not less proactive than yuznaywb
cnigqllhqj starts looking for a new job more than sttqm, so cnigqllhqj is not less proactive than sttqm
jaxzsl starts looking for a new job more than hxjdedmj, so jaxzsl is not less proactive than hxjdedmj
ecyhz starts looking for a new job more than jybdq, so ecyhz is not less proactive than jybdq
sgtpzhkumia starts looking for a new job more than kjznxcdvel, so sgtpzhkumia is not less proactive than kjznxcdvel
yuznaywb starts looking for a new job more than mvp, so mvp is not more proactive than yuznaywb
sttqm starts looking for a new job more than cnigqllhqj, so cnigqllhqj is not more proactive than sttqm
hxjdedmj starts looking for a new job more than jaxzsl, so jaxzsl is not more proactive than hxjdedmj
jybdq starts looking for a new job more than ecyhz, so ecyhz is not more proactive than jybdq
kjznxcdvel starts looking for a new job more than sgtpzhkumia, so sgtpzhkumia is not more proactive than kjznxcdvel
lunxfvekjzov hits below their weight more than wylphaafqdm, so lunxfvekjzov is more quick than wylphaafqdm
zwbvpfojxxzg hits below their weight more than btdwarlcet, so zwbvpfojxxzg is more quick than btdwarlcet
vqrweykrpiay hits below their weight more than wnbcfmxo, so vqrweykrpiay is more quick than wnbcfmxo
nwsrsjfs hits below their weight more than kxaumagojtp, so nwsrsjfs is more quick than kxaumagojtp
isnkgfpb hits below their weight more than vkkhyly, so isnkgfpb is more quick than vkkhyly
lunxfvekjzov hits below their weight more than wylphaafqdm, so wylphaafqdm is less quick than lunxfvekjzov
zwbvpfojxxzg hits below their weight more than btdwarlcet, so btdwarlcet is less quick than zwbvpfojxxzg
vqrweykrpiay hits below their weight more than wnbcfmxo, so wnbcfmxo is less quick than vqrweykrpiay
nwsrsjfs hits below their weight more than kxaumagojtp, so kxaumagojtp is less quick than nwsrsjfs
isnkgfpb hits below their weight more than vkkhyly, so vkkhyly is less quick than isnkgfpb
cdq hits below their weight more than zycrizlm, so cdq is not less quick than zycrizlm
vszlbwor hits below their weight more than clmqbetojke, so vszlbwor is not less quick than clmqbetojke
yvadr hits below their weight more than rayckekewxa, so yvadr is not less quick than rayckekewxa
bhvf hits below their weight more than xjjxtdh, so bhvf is not less quick than xjjxtdh
jpbw hits below their weight more than wkeb, so jpbw is not less quick than wkeb
zycrizlm hits below their weight more than cdq, so cdq is not more quick than zycrizlm
clmqbetojke hits below their weight more than vszlbwor, so vszlbwor is not more quick than clmqbetojke
rayckekewxa hits below their weight more than yvadr, so yvadr is not more quick than rayckekewxa
xjjxtdh hits below their weight more than bhvf, so bhvf is not more quick than xjjxtdh
wkeb hits below their weight more than jpbw, so jpbw is not more quick than wkeb
zljiuaskcun makes a break for it more than hoixkwyol, so zljiuaskcun is more risky than hoixkwyol
hwlbdlp makes a break for it more than xzanxtxg, so hwlbdlp is more risky than xzanxtxg
jxrsd makes a break for it more than kkobfkypat, so jxrsd is more risky than kkobfkypat
trlo makes a break for it more than lkkm, so trlo is more risky than lkkm
ndfqjfquzuao makes a break for it more than zcgkzz, so ndfqjfquzuao is more risky than zcgkzz
zljiuaskcun makes a break for it more than hoixkwyol, so hoixkwyol is less risky than zljiuaskcun
hwlbdlp makes a break for it more than xzanxtxg, so xzanxtxg is less risky than hwlbdlp
jxrsd makes a break for it more than kkobfkypat, so kkobfkypat is less risky than jxrsd
trlo makes a break for it more than lkkm, so lkkm is less risky than trlo
ndfqjfquzuao makes a break for it more than zcgkzz, so zcgkzz is less risky than ndfqjfquzuao
qropz makes a break for it more than cmpqai, so qropz is not less risky than cmpqai
mpgjc makes a break for it more than xusyvuqib, so mpgjc is not less risky than xusyvuqib
vwextrxw makes a break for it more than ckcxafxivjr, so vwextrxw is not less risky than ckcxafxivjr
smmxdfhrodt makes a break for it more than pwkx, so smmxdfhrodt is not less risky than pwkx
kktvcrjuqzc makes a break for it more than pmqkvirl, so kktvcrjuqzc is not less risky than pmqkvirl
cmpqai makes a break for it more than qropz, so qropz is not more risky than cmpqai
xusyvuqib makes a break for it more than mpgjc, so mpgjc is not more risky than xusyvuqib
ckcxafxivjr makes a break for it more than vwextrxw, so vwextrxw is not more risky than ckcxafxivjr
pwkx makes a break for it more than smmxdfhrodt, so smmxdfhrodt is not more risky than pwkx
pmqkvirl makes a break for it more than kktvcrjuqzc, so kktvcrjuqzc is not more risky than pmqkvirl
jjswje is at the grocery store with their mom more than rvlyaxg, so jjswje is more needed than rvlyaxg
sfatlymd is at the grocery store with their mom more than dlav, so sfatlymd is more needed than dlav
splxqvnvccw is at the grocery store with their mom more than wlammgpe, so splxqvnvccw is more needed than wlammgpe
bwawc is at the grocery store with their mom more than umhjsri, so bwawc is more needed than umhjsri
yacp is at the grocery store with their mom more than vpujljsmv, so yacp is more needed than vpujljsmv
jjswje is at the grocery store with their mom more than rvlyaxg, so rvlyaxg is less needed than jjswje
sfatlymd is at the grocery store with their mom more than dlav, so dlav is less needed than sfatlymd
splxqvnvccw is at the grocery store with their mom more than wlammgpe, so wlammgpe is less needed than splxqvnvccw
bwawc is at the grocery store with their mom more than umhjsri, so umhjsri is less needed than bwawc
yacp is at the grocery store with their mom more than vpujljsmv, so vpujljsmv is less needed than yacp
uzrxnchrb is at the grocery store with their mom more than qzszidi, so uzrxnchrb is not less needed than qzszidi
fymdcfskq is at the grocery store with their mom more than rpqdrsvxrep, so fymdcfskq is not less needed than rpqdrsvxrep
ruxhfidkhjx is at the grocery store with their mom more than vonu, so ruxhfidkhjx is not less needed than vonu
mtdswvce is at the grocery store with their mom more than vbagckfuoojn, so mtdswvce is not less needed than vbagckfuoojn
tlwtrcdbo is at the grocery store with their mom more than qptaefunkim, so tlwtrcdbo is not less needed than qptaefunkim
qzszidi is at the grocery store with their mom while uzrxnchrb is not, so uzrxnchrb is not more needed than qzszidi
rpqdrsvxrep is at the grocery store with their mom while fymdcfskq is not, so fymdcfskq is not more needed than rpqdrsvxrep
vonu is at the grocery store with their mom while ruxhfidkhjx is not, so ruxhfidkhjx is not more needed than vonu
vbagckfuoojn is at the grocery store with their mom while mtdswvce is not, so mtdswvce is not more needed than vbagckfuoojn
qptaefunkim is at the grocery store with their mom while tlwtrcdbo is not, so tlwtrcdbo is not more needed than qptaefunkim
ckztz takes another person for granted more than mgqzws, so ckztz is less satisfied than mgqzws
wuhwzp takes another person for granted more than qod, so wuhwzp is less satisfied than qod
jef takes another person for granted more than ivieaxrkqcev, so jef is less satisfied than ivieaxrkqcev
ctviafud takes another person for granted more than egbe, so ctviafud is less satisfied than egbe
urxqry takes another person for granted more than vrie, so urxqry is less satisfied than vrie
ckztz takes another person for granted more than mgqzws, so mgqzws is more satisfied than ckztz
wuhwzp takes another person for granted more than qod, so qod is more satisfied than wuhwzp
jef takes another person for granted more than ivieaxrkqcev, so ivieaxrkqcev is more satisfied than jef
ctviafud takes another person for granted more than egbe, so egbe is more satisfied than ctviafud
urxqry takes another person for granted more than vrie, so vrie is more satisfied than urxqry
syjtyssfkpj takes another person for granted more than opqteejato, so syjtyssfkpj is not less satisfied than opqteejato
ama takes another person for granted more than uebikqsatf, so ama is not less satisfied than uebikqsatf
dsleniwupi takes another person for granted more than kmyeubctaqj, so dsleniwupi is not less satisfied than kmyeubctaqj
cktfjmzi takes another person for granted more than ltexyuhdhgb, so cktfjmzi is not less satisfied than ltexyuhdhgb
tifvonhaviqa takes another person for granted more than rdy, so tifvonhaviqa is not less satisfied than rdy
opqteejato takes another person for granted more than syjtyssfkpj, so syjtyssfkpj is not more satisfied than opqteejato
uebikqsatf takes another person for granted more than ama, so ama is not more satisfied than uebikqsatf
kmyeubctaqj takes another person for granted more than dsleniwupi, so dsleniwupi is not more satisfied than kmyeubctaqj
ltexyuhdhgb takes another person for granted more than cktfjmzi, so cktfjmzi is not more satisfied than ltexyuhdhgb
rdy takes another person for granted more than tifvonhaviqa, so tifvonhaviqa is not more satisfied than rdy
rwemguhyt reaches another person level more than vgbuqgao, so rwemguhyt is more prepared than vgbuqgao
suah reaches another person level more than krbboqugo, so suah is more prepared than krbboqugo
mflofirkvkqm reaches another person level more than hqgprex, so mflofirkvkqm is more prepared than hqgprex
qwqdseqifq reaches another person level more than picgbu, so qwqdseqifq is more prepared than picgbu
bqqeqekx reaches another person level more than pgtbkrvapx, so bqqeqekx is more prepared than pgtbkrvapx
rwemguhyt reaches another person level more than vgbuqgao, so vgbuqgao is less prepared than rwemguhyt
suah reaches another person level more than krbboqugo, so krbboqugo is less prepared than suah
mflofirkvkqm reaches another person level more than hqgprex, so hqgprex is less prepared than mflofirkvkqm
qwqdseqifq reaches another person level more than picgbu, so picgbu is less prepared than qwqdseqifq
bqqeqekx reaches another person level more than pgtbkrvapx, so pgtbkrvapx is less prepared than bqqeqekx
muqxkb reaches another person level more than joi, so muqxkb is not less prepared than joi
ntlavanvt reaches another person level more than dur, so ntlavanvt is not less prepared than dur
vpdzfjb reaches another person level more than bpcsay, so vpdzfjb is not less prepared than bpcsay
tpexibudj reaches another person level more than rknfa, so tpexibudj is not less prepared than rknfa
aluurq reaches another person level more than pffpyd, so aluurq is not less prepared than pffpyd
joi reaches another person level more than muqxkb, so muqxkb is not more prepared than joi
dur reaches another person level more than ntlavanvt, so ntlavanvt is not more prepared than dur
bpcsay reaches another person level more than vpdzfjb, so vpdzfjb is not more prepared than bpcsay
rknfa reaches another person level more than tpexibudj, so tpexibudj is not more prepared than rknfa
pffpyd reaches another person level more than aluurq, so aluurq is not more prepared than pffpyd
kpzpnhuyyqak fills another person's tank more than rvvwkphjzido, so kpzpnhuyyqak is more dutiful than rvvwkphjzido
uxgvmvakhvg fills another person's tank more than rsboef, so uxgvmvakhvg is more dutiful than rsboef
euxksk fills another person's tank more than bzqzhev, so euxksk is more dutiful than bzqzhev
ovl fills another person's tank more than xrnydc, so ovl is more dutiful than xrnydc
rwakw fills another person's tank more than uvog, so rwakw is more dutiful than uvog
kpzpnhuyyqak fills another person's tank more than rvvwkphjzido, so rvvwkphjzido is less dutiful than kpzpnhuyyqak
uxgvmvakhvg fills another person's tank more than rsboef, so rsboef is less dutiful than uxgvmvakhvg
euxksk fills another person's tank more than bzqzhev, so bzqzhev is less dutiful than euxksk
ovl fills another person's tank more than xrnydc, so xrnydc is less dutiful than ovl
rwakw fills another person's tank more than uvog, so uvog is less dutiful than rwakw
smsfpuxmdexh fills another person's tank more than yblln, so smsfpuxmdexh is not less dutiful than yblln
ilintfmr fills another person's tank more than awlu, so ilintfmr is not less dutiful than awlu
pguypepwvgju fills another person's tank more than jxutjxjkcoei, so pguypepwvgju is not less dutiful than jxutjxjkcoei
vyjyzmyuxlx fills another person's tank more than prq, so vyjyzmyuxlx is not less dutiful than prq
rxsjuyzkktr fills another person's tank more than icy, so rxsjuyzkktr is not less dutiful than icy
yblln fills another person's tank more than smsfpuxmdexh, so smsfpuxmdexh is not more dutiful than yblln
awlu fills another person's tank more than ilintfmr, so ilintfmr is not more dutiful than awlu
jxutjxjkcoei fills another person's tank more than pguypepwvgju, so pguypepwvgju is not more dutiful than jxutjxjkcoei
prq fills another person's tank more than vyjyzmyuxlx, so vyjyzmyuxlx is not more dutiful than prq
icy fills another person's tank more than rxsjuyzkktr, so rxsjuyzkktr is not more dutiful than icy
lejdbmbcqp starts flirting with another person more than yiafxrnvw, so lejdbmbcqp is more engaged than yiafxrnvw
jpledqs starts flirting with another person more than tetogkhzloda, so jpledqs is more engaged than tetogkhzloda
ofwadincbixj starts flirting with another person more than zinbo, so ofwadincbixj is more engaged than zinbo
lvwsekh starts flirting with another person more than mpiecdmwpgc, so lvwsekh is more engaged than mpiecdmwpgc
nhx starts flirting with another person more than lpy, so nhx is more engaged than lpy
lejdbmbcqp starts flirting with another person more than yiafxrnvw, so yiafxrnvw is less engaged than lejdbmbcqp
jpledqs starts flirting with another person more than tetogkhzloda, so tetogkhzloda is less engaged than jpledqs
ofwadincbixj starts flirting with another person more than zinbo, so zinbo is less engaged than ofwadincbixj
lvwsekh starts flirting with another person more than mpiecdmwpgc, so mpiecdmwpgc is less engaged than lvwsekh
nhx starts flirting with another person more than lpy, so lpy is less engaged than nhx
lvpudca starts flirting with another person more than pfnln, so lvpudca is not less engaged than pfnln
fjbdzo starts flirting with another person more than ijwywpacsjot, so fjbdzo is not less engaged than ijwywpacsjot
kybhgqwgjrfg starts flirting with another person more than ezv, so kybhgqwgjrfg is not less engaged than ezv
uwtdwov starts flirting with another person more than mmlgvqpnkqog, so uwtdwov is not less engaged than mmlgvqpnkqog
srzlvbgru starts flirting with another person more than xzpidchab, so srzlvbgru is not less engaged than xzpidchab
pfnln starts flirting with another person more than lvpudca, so lvpudca is not more engaged than pfnln
ijwywpacsjot starts flirting with another person more than fjbdzo, so fjbdzo is not more engaged than ijwywpacsjot
ezv starts flirting with another person more than kybhgqwgjrfg, so kybhgqwgjrfg is not more engaged than ezv
mmlgvqpnkqog starts flirting with another person more than uwtdwov, so uwtdwov is not more engaged than mmlgvqpnkqog
xzpidchab starts flirting with another person more than srzlvbgru, so srzlvbgru is not more engaged than xzpidchab
byjvgvisc brings another person into line more than wpoensw, so byjvgvisc is more strong than wpoensw
fqxgtqfkpz brings another person into line more than bolcjgtchtr, so fqxgtqfkpz is more strong than bolcjgtchtr
jrhmaccojds brings another person into line more than jskuez, so jrhmaccojds is more strong than jskuez
jogtqamnv brings another person into line more than vezdzgb, so jogtqamnv is more strong than vezdzgb
hrampnpphbk brings another person into line more than fupiwaheuaif, so hrampnpphbk is more strong than fupiwaheuaif
byjvgvisc brings another person into line more than wpoensw, so wpoensw is less strong than byjvgvisc
fqxgtqfkpz brings another person into line more than bolcjgtchtr, so bolcjgtchtr is less strong than fqxgtqfkpz
jrhmaccojds brings another person into line more than jskuez, so jskuez is less strong than jrhmaccojds
jogtqamnv brings another person into line more than vezdzgb, so vezdzgb is less strong than jogtqamnv
hrampnpphbk brings another person into line more than fupiwaheuaif, so fupiwaheuaif is less strong than hrampnpphbk
apacwq brings another person into line more than edjic, so apacwq is not less strong than edjic
fyart brings another person into line more than pgdddtkmu, so fyart is not less strong than pgdddtkmu
aimhzifnp brings another person into line more than qtumibcimei, so aimhzifnp is not less strong than qtumibcimei
vegoura brings another person into line more than jyltg, so vegoura is not less strong than jyltg
wixqjizinpp brings another person into line more than lwqh, so wixqjizinpp is not less strong than lwqh
edjic brings another person into line more than apacwq, so apacwq is not more strong than edjic
pgdddtkmu brings another person into line more than fyart, so fyart is not more strong than pgdddtkmu
qtumibcimei brings another person into line more than aimhzifnp, so aimhzifnp is not more strong than qtumibcimei
jyltg brings another person into line more than vegoura, so vegoura is not more strong than jyltg
lwqh brings another person into line more than wixqjizinpp, so wixqjizinpp is not more strong than lwqh
onzgasuls reaps the harvest more than kqamfl, so onzgasuls is more skillful than kqamfl
kabzsmapdzq reaps the harvest more than engptaqxeqkk, so kabzsmapdzq is more skillful than engptaqxeqkk
fnsuc reaps the harvest more than gyglmnyqa, so fnsuc is more skillful than gyglmnyqa
fdig reaps the harvest more than hqm, so fdig is more skillful than hqm
mgcvru reaps the harvest more than vfbmrwt, so mgcvru is more skillful than vfbmrwt
onzgasuls reaps the harvest more than kqamfl, so kqamfl is less skillful than onzgasuls
kabzsmapdzq reaps the harvest more than engptaqxeqkk, so engptaqxeqkk is less skillful than kabzsmapdzq
fnsuc reaps the harvest more than gyglmnyqa, so gyglmnyqa is less skillful than fnsuc
fdig reaps the harvest more than hqm, so hqm is less skillful than fdig
mgcvru reaps the harvest more than vfbmrwt, so vfbmrwt is less skillful than mgcvru
amcaaf reaps the harvest more than bjj, so amcaaf is not less skillful than bjj
toqnlkzilbzk reaps the harvest more than xtqpievkybc, so toqnlkzilbzk is not less skillful than xtqpievkybc
nekfspry reaps the harvest more than vtby, so nekfspry is not less skillful than vtby
ethpxfhnl reaps the harvest more than daetax, so ethpxfhnl is not less skillful than daetax
gsjji reaps the harvest more than rygpxkvwupsr, so gsjji is not less skillful than rygpxkvwupsr
bjj reaps the harvest more than amcaaf, so amcaaf is not more skillful than bjj
xtqpievkybc reaps the harvest more than toqnlkzilbzk, so toqnlkzilbzk is not more skillful than xtqpievkybc
vtby reaps the harvest more than nekfspry, so nekfspry is not more skillful than vtby
daetax reaps the harvest more than ethpxfhnl, so ethpxfhnl is not more skillful than daetax
rygpxkvwupsr reaps the harvest more than gsjji, so gsjji is not more skillful than rygpxkvwupsr
tpwjuphh invites another person to visit more than mcebsjssnues, so tpwjuphh is more kind than mcebsjssnues
nury invites another person to visit more than ommgd, so nury is more kind than ommgd
bcwd invites another person to visit more than pvsd, so bcwd is more kind than pvsd
zalqfmotyxhj invites another person to visit more than lykbcfuvxltq, so zalqfmotyxhj is more kind than lykbcfuvxltq
stolsy invites another person to visit more than hupl, so stolsy is more kind than hupl
tpwjuphh invites another person to visit more than mcebsjssnues, so mcebsjssnues is less kind than tpwjuphh
nury invites another person to visit more than ommgd, so ommgd is less kind than nury
bcwd invites another person to visit more than pvsd, so pvsd is less kind than bcwd
zalqfmotyxhj invites another person to visit more than lykbcfuvxltq, so lykbcfuvxltq is less kind than zalqfmotyxhj
stolsy invites another person to visit more than hupl, so hupl is less kind than stolsy
tydu invites another person to visit more than zateq, so tydu is not less kind than zateq
zcqliyn invites another person to visit more than dwtturbmod, so zcqliyn is not less kind than dwtturbmod
hkrprokhm invites another person to visit more than aepxcibxkt, so hkrprokhm is not less kind than aepxcibxkt
ayneyzfhzpco invites another person to visit more than wbytrwpvn, so ayneyzfhzpco is not less kind than wbytrwpvn
qclmighxjvok invites another person to visit more than sblkzqtle, so qclmighxjvok is not less kind than sblkzqtle
zateq invites another person to visit more than tydu, so tydu is not more kind than zateq
dwtturbmod invites another person to visit more than zcqliyn, so zcqliyn is not more kind than dwtturbmod
aepxcibxkt invites another person to visit more than hkrprokhm, so hkrprokhm is not more kind than aepxcibxkt
wbytrwpvn invites another person to visit more than ayneyzfhzpco, so ayneyzfhzpco is not more kind than wbytrwpvn
sblkzqtle invites another person to visit more than qclmighxjvok, so qclmighxjvok is not more kind than sblkzqtle
gjohfreivxh is able to drive more than gydfsbbe, so gjohfreivxh is more skilled than gydfsbbe
prlzzihsy is able to drive more than dtiqshsskz, so prlzzihsy is more skilled than dtiqshsskz
gippuuwwzogk is able to drive more than ipud, so gippuuwwzogk is more skilled than ipud
awlrewi is able to drive more than qagplm, so awlrewi is more skilled than qagplm
ywogg is able to drive more than hpzmyggyvmh, so ywogg is more skilled than hpzmyggyvmh
gjohfreivxh is able to drive more than gydfsbbe, so gydfsbbe is less skilled than gjohfreivxh
prlzzihsy is able to drive more than dtiqshsskz, so dtiqshsskz is less skilled than prlzzihsy
gippuuwwzogk is able to drive more than ipud, so ipud is less skilled than gippuuwwzogk
awlrewi is able to drive more than qagplm, so qagplm is less skilled than awlrewi
ywogg is able to drive more than hpzmyggyvmh, so hpzmyggyvmh is less skilled than ywogg
hopzdtzmp is able to drive more than uvntmpkj, so hopzdtzmp is not less skilled than uvntmpkj
qua is able to drive more than zrkonoxla, so qua is not less skilled than zrkonoxla
offqymcb is able to drive more than jgvaetlrmbi, so offqymcb is not less skilled than jgvaetlrmbi
sxsqphol is able to drive more than zank, so sxsqphol is not less skilled than zank
xlutgbpra is able to drive more than xoj, so xlutgbpra is not less skilled than xoj
uvntmpkj is able to drive more than hopzdtzmp, so hopzdtzmp is not more skilled than uvntmpkj
zrkonoxla is able to drive more than qua, so qua is not more skilled than zrkonoxla
jgvaetlrmbi is able to drive more than offqymcb, so offqymcb is not more skilled than jgvaetlrmbi
zank is able to drive more than sxsqphol, so sxsqphol is not more skilled than zank
xoj is able to drive more than xlutgbpra, so xlutgbpra is not more skilled than xoj
omjb performs their tasks more than rbudadxo, so omjb is more hardworking than rbudadxo
rqfbhgw performs their tasks more than qim, so rqfbhgw is more hardworking than qim
wfeippxnzrdt performs their tasks more than xcryctozk, so wfeippxnzrdt is more hardworking than xcryctozk
vsvxonhgey performs their tasks more than kdtxf, so vsvxonhgey is more hardworking than kdtxf
oushdg performs their tasks more than bprdbuoiny, so oushdg is more hardworking than bprdbuoiny
omjb performs their tasks more than rbudadxo, so rbudadxo is less hardworking than omjb
rqfbhgw performs their tasks more than qim, so qim is less hardworking than rqfbhgw
wfeippxnzrdt performs their tasks more than xcryctozk, so xcryctozk is less hardworking than wfeippxnzrdt
vsvxonhgey performs their tasks more than kdtxf, so kdtxf is less hardworking than vsvxonhgey
oushdg performs their tasks more than bprdbuoiny, so bprdbuoiny is less hardworking than oushdg
agcvazsdpp performs their tasks more than futqsznca, so agcvazsdpp is not less hardworking than futqsznca
bcrvjeokty performs their tasks more than xqjkcvyvs, so bcrvjeokty is not less hardworking than xqjkcvyvs
frdkmqq performs their tasks more than zyowesezpsw, so frdkmqq is not less hardworking than zyowesezpsw
xurlhaegf performs their tasks more than wcqxzn, so xurlhaegf is not less hardworking than wcqxzn
icmclqehppqp performs their tasks more than ceudtpju, so icmclqehppqp is not less hardworking than ceudtpju
futqsznca performs their tasks more than agcvazsdpp, so agcvazsdpp is not more hardworking than futqsznca
xqjkcvyvs performs their tasks more than bcrvjeokty, so bcrvjeokty is not more hardworking than xqjkcvyvs
zyowesezpsw performs their tasks more than frdkmqq, so frdkmqq is not more hardworking than zyowesezpsw
wcqxzn performs their tasks more than xurlhaegf, so xurlhaegf is not more hardworking than wcqxzn
ceudtpju performs their tasks more than icmclqehppqp, so icmclqehppqp is not more hardworking than ceudtpju
zjlbuy takes another person's seats more than sahkwo, so zjlbuy is more rude than sahkwo
knef takes another person's seats more than otbxzernqwx, so knef is more rude than otbxzernqwx
imclt takes another person's seats more than cylgdkhp, so imclt is more rude than cylgdkhp
iqkwouhvrtpm takes another person's seats more than kcixuhbocoeq, so iqkwouhvrtpm is more rude than kcixuhbocoeq
hvpg takes another person's seats more than vhgpqzlzivz, so hvpg is more rude than vhgpqzlzivz
zjlbuy takes another person's seats more than sahkwo, so sahkwo is less rude than zjlbuy
knef takes another person's seats more than otbxzernqwx, so otbxzernqwx is less rude than knef
imclt takes another person's seats more than cylgdkhp, so cylgdkhp is less rude than imclt
iqkwouhvrtpm takes another person's seats more than kcixuhbocoeq, so kcixuhbocoeq is less rude than iqkwouhvrtpm
hvpg takes another person's seats more than vhgpqzlzivz, so vhgpqzlzivz is less rude than hvpg
wqystkyoynz takes another person's seats more than iybtjmgwh, so wqystkyoynz is not less rude than iybtjmgwh
oqoaooo takes another person's seats more than fiqgyr, so oqoaooo is not less rude than fiqgyr
rdxuuzz takes another person's seats more than luxii, so rdxuuzz is not less rude than luxii
wpb takes another person's seats more than zoozcgjla, so wpb is not less rude than zoozcgjla
ezpqhxxq takes another person's seats more than ewfz, so ezpqhxxq is not less rude than ewfz
iybtjmgwh takes another person's seats more than wqystkyoynz, so wqystkyoynz is not more rude than iybtjmgwh
fiqgyr takes another person's seats more than oqoaooo, so oqoaooo is not more rude than fiqgyr
luxii takes another person's seats more than rdxuuzz, so rdxuuzz is not more rude than luxii
zoozcgjla takes another person's seats more than wpb, so wpb is not more rude than zoozcgjla
ewfz takes another person's seats more than ezpqhxxq, so ezpqhxxq is not more rude than ewfz
pdb pays no attention to another person more than dichcbu, so pdb is less unconcerned than dichcbu
kqnu pays no attention to another person more than nalsqrlxut, so kqnu is less unconcerned than nalsqrlxut
imnuffrg pays no attention to another person more than lhghix, so imnuffrg is less unconcerned than lhghix
ekexumnmspu pays no attention to another person more than sthxuy, so ekexumnmspu is less unconcerned than sthxuy
hrhgqzlnz pays no attention to another person more than gtrslysjfk, so hrhgqzlnz is less unconcerned than gtrslysjfk
pdb pays no attention to another person more than dichcbu, so dichcbu is less unconcerned than pdb
kqnu pays no attention to another person more than nalsqrlxut, so nalsqrlxut is less unconcerned than kqnu
imnuffrg pays no attention to another person more than lhghix, so lhghix is less unconcerned than imnuffrg
ekexumnmspu pays no attention to another person more than sthxuy, so sthxuy is less unconcerned than ekexumnmspu
hrhgqzlnz pays no attention to another person more than gtrslysjfk, so gtrslysjfk is less unconcerned than hrhgqzlnz
yslethwyerxy pays no attention to another person more than pevfu, so yslethwyerxy is not less unconcerned than pevfu
myxoqcn pays no attention to another person more than fjadsphvhu, so myxoqcn is not less unconcerned than fjadsphvhu
blxxtsznw pays no attention to another person more than uoucqaplnmur, so blxxtsznw is not less unconcerned than uoucqaplnmur
vng pays no attention to another person more than axhqojsenr, so vng is not less unconcerned than axhqojsenr
krpvoxwytxrq pays no attention to another person more than hmrzgi, so krpvoxwytxrq is not less unconcerned than hmrzgi
pevfu pays no attention to another person more than yslethwyerxy, so yslethwyerxy is not more unconcerned than pevfu
fjadsphvhu pays no attention to another person more than myxoqcn, so myxoqcn is not more unconcerned than fjadsphvhu
uoucqaplnmur pays no attention to another person more than blxxtsznw, so blxxtsznw is not more unconcerned than uoucqaplnmur
axhqojsenr pays no attention to another person more than vng, so vng is not more unconcerned than axhqojsenr
hmrzgi pays no attention to another person more than krpvoxwytxrq, so krpvoxwytxrq is not more unconcerned than hmrzgi
ratpubj moves back more than lhpewawagmil, so ratpubj is less calm than lhpewawagmil
nzjxptjfdjwh moves back more than zkglkvkjoyw, so nzjxptjfdjwh is less calm than zkglkvkjoyw
tasjqlhhi moves back more than onr, so tasjqlhhi is less calm than onr
msrhzcdpr moves back more than isgq, so msrhzcdpr is less calm than isgq
doxf moves back more than isdlk, so doxf is less calm than isdlk
ratpubj moves back more than lhpewawagmil, so lhpewawagmil is less calm than ratpubj
nzjxptjfdjwh moves back more than zkglkvkjoyw, so zkglkvkjoyw is less calm than nzjxptjfdjwh
tasjqlhhi moves back more than onr, so onr is less calm than tasjqlhhi
msrhzcdpr moves back more than isgq, so isgq is less calm than msrhzcdpr
doxf moves back more than isdlk, so isdlk is less calm than doxf
dnshpl moves back more than bacw, so dnshpl is not less calm than bacw
xzlyjlgzk moves back more than fghwvueb, so xzlyjlgzk is not less calm than fghwvueb
unlyacrhg moves back more than owrognptytq, so unlyacrhg is not less calm than owrognptytq
vcberfdqtfw moves back more than hoowmkt, so vcberfdqtfw is not less calm than hoowmkt
wtuhugqppqbx moves back more than iqezh, so wtuhugqppqbx is not less calm than iqezh
bacw moves back more than dnshpl, so dnshpl is not more calm than bacw
fghwvueb moves back more than xzlyjlgzk, so xzlyjlgzk is not more calm than fghwvueb
owrognptytq moves back more than unlyacrhg, so unlyacrhg is not more calm than owrognptytq
hoowmkt moves back more than vcberfdqtfw, so vcberfdqtfw is not more calm than hoowmkt
iqezh moves back more than wtuhugqppqbx, so wtuhugqppqbx is not more calm than iqezh
eunnirvv checks the fridge more than jgmtv, so eunnirvv is less curious than jgmtv
wxq checks the fridge more than mpargnvx, so wxq is less curious than mpargnvx
wmucahsrg checks the fridge more than auupl, so wmucahsrg is less curious than auupl
lepiadlummw checks the fridge more than rfedakuvoqvl, so lepiadlummw is less curious than rfedakuvoqvl
grekdazeprw checks the fridge more than wysuui, so grekdazeprw is less curious than wysuui
eunnirvv checks the fridge more than jgmtv, so jgmtv is more curious than eunnirvv
wxq checks the fridge more than mpargnvx, so mpargnvx is more curious than wxq
wmucahsrg checks the fridge more than auupl, so auupl is more curious than wmucahsrg
lepiadlummw checks the fridge more than rfedakuvoqvl, so rfedakuvoqvl is more curious than lepiadlummw
grekdazeprw checks the fridge more than wysuui, so wysuui is more curious than grekdazeprw
pphnadxdplwl checks the fridge more than cxuhloysfn, so pphnadxdplwl is not less curious than cxuhloysfn
duqqiltk checks the fridge more than qrdefsy, so duqqiltk is not less curious than qrdefsy
zvub checks the fridge more than lhqxvicvbf, so zvub is not less curious than lhqxvicvbf
jkuyphrkme checks the fridge more than luswlb, so jkuyphrkme is not less curious than luswlb
nxddmi checks the fridge more than edscowl, so nxddmi is not less curious than edscowl
cxuhloysfn checks the fridge more than pphnadxdplwl, so pphnadxdplwl is not more curious than cxuhloysfn
qrdefsy checks the fridge more than duqqiltk, so duqqiltk is not more curious than qrdefsy
lhqxvicvbf checks the fridge more than zvub, so zvub is not more curious than lhqxvicvbf
luswlb checks the fridge more than jkuyphrkme, so jkuyphrkme is not more curious than luswlb
edscowl checks the fridge more than nxddmi, so nxddmi is not more curious than edscowl
vgpo sits down on another person's bed more than zeqp, so vgpo is more sleepy than zeqp
eaor sits down on another person's bed more than ohvfjxy, so eaor is more sleepy than ohvfjxy
rjjulsdjxv sits down on another person's bed more than fjvgzzookklr, so rjjulsdjxv is more sleepy than fjvgzzookklr
eengq sits down on another person's bed more than ybdmmznfs, so eengq is more sleepy than ybdmmznfs
zufprkvlvia sits down on another person's bed more than ourozaqhg, so zufprkvlvia is more sleepy than ourozaqhg
vgpo sits down on another person's bed more than zeqp, so zeqp is less sleepy than vgpo
eaor sits down on another person's bed more than ohvfjxy, so ohvfjxy is less sleepy than eaor
rjjulsdjxv sits down on another person's bed more than fjvgzzookklr, so fjvgzzookklr is less sleepy than rjjulsdjxv
eengq sits down on another person's bed more than ybdmmznfs, so ybdmmznfs is less sleepy than eengq
zufprkvlvia sits down on another person's bed more than ourozaqhg, so ourozaqhg is less sleepy than zufprkvlvia
umvb sits down on another person's bed more than orffvtxelj, so umvb is not less sleepy than orffvtxelj
famwh sits down on another person's bed more than hlmsemxkojg, so famwh is not less sleepy than hlmsemxkojg
sgw sits down on another person's bed more than uacrbowq, so sgw is not less sleepy than uacrbowq
fmgjg sits down on another person's bed more than ynwt, so fmgjg is not less sleepy than ynwt
cpqsxc sits down on another person's bed more than alihhiqsxkz, so cpqsxc is not less sleepy than alihhiqsxkz
orffvtxelj sits down on another person's bed more than umvb, so umvb is not less sleepy than orffvtxelj
hlmsemxkojg sits down on another person's bed more than famwh, so famwh is not less sleepy than hlmsemxkojg
uacrbowq sits down on another person's bed more than sgw, so sgw is not less sleepy than uacrbowq
ynwt sits down on another person's bed more than fmgjg, so fmgjg is not less sleepy than ynwt
alihhiqsxkz sits down on another person's bed more than cpqsxc, so cpqsxc is not less sleepy than alihhiqsxkz
jfraoix picks a fight with another person more than qhky, so jfraoix is more foolish than qhky
mtx picks a fight with another person more than pkiaehrv, so mtx is more foolish than pkiaehrv
ouzzzv picks a fight with another person more than ansxjgsgabt, so ouzzzv is more foolish than ansxjgsgabt
rrqpetlw picks a fight with another person more than gdbujrtdlxoh, so rrqpetlw is more foolish than gdbujrtdlxoh
tugkxuyfmm picks a fight with another person more than ykn, so tugkxuyfmm is more foolish than ykn
jfraoix picks a fight with another person more than qhky, so qhky is less foolish than jfraoix
mtx picks a fight with another person more than pkiaehrv, so pkiaehrv is less foolish than mtx
ouzzzv picks a fight with another person more than ansxjgsgabt, so ansxjgsgabt is less foolish than ouzzzv
rrqpetlw picks a fight with another person more than gdbujrtdlxoh, so gdbujrtdlxoh is less foolish than rrqpetlw
tugkxuyfmm picks a fight with another person more than ykn, so ykn is less foolish than tugkxuyfmm
ectsjikcjrs picks a fight with another person more than eaenabf, so ectsjikcjrs is not less foolish than eaenabf
loslpm picks a fight with another person more than shncwnruags, so loslpm is not less foolish than shncwnruags
osolrdof picks a fight with another person more than crbqu, so osolrdof is not less foolish than crbqu
hmjh picks a fight with another person more than cqmhvej, so hmjh is not less foolish than cqmhvej
oelbgzohoirx picks a fight with another person more than qhcejyydb, so oelbgzohoirx is not less foolish than qhcejyydb
eaenabf picks a fight with another person more than ectsjikcjrs, so ectsjikcjrs is not more foolish than eaenabf
shncwnruags picks a fight with another person more than loslpm, so loslpm is not more foolish than shncwnruags
crbqu picks a fight with another person more than osolrdof, so osolrdof is not more foolish than crbqu
cqmhvej picks a fight with another person more than hmjh, so hmjh is not more foolish than cqmhvej
qhcejyydb picks a fight with another person more than oelbgzohoirx, so oelbgzohoirx is not more foolish than qhcejyydb
hqs visits their relatives more than vioilandn, so hqs is more thoughtful than vioilandn
pkkrhdhsok visits their relatives more than zsgyeywyqc, so pkkrhdhsok is more thoughtful than zsgyeywyqc
vivjtwhv visits their relatives more than epqfpj, so vivjtwhv is more thoughtful than epqfpj
ygrmnnptxud visits their relatives more than ihdumapeev, so ygrmnnptxud is more thoughtful than ihdumapeev
eqzn visits their relatives more than sibnuaryna, so eqzn is more thoughtful than sibnuaryna
hqs visits their relatives more than vioilandn, so vioilandn is less thoughtful than hqs
pkkrhdhsok visits their relatives more than zsgyeywyqc, so zsgyeywyqc is less thoughtful than pkkrhdhsok
vivjtwhv visits their relatives more than epqfpj, so epqfpj is less thoughtful than vivjtwhv
ygrmnnptxud visits their relatives more than ihdumapeev, so ihdumapeev is less thoughtful than ygrmnnptxud
eqzn visits their relatives more than sibnuaryna, so sibnuaryna is less thoughtful than eqzn
ituhxickzyt visits their relatives more than tqwutelif, so ituhxickzyt is not less thoughtful than tqwutelif
lvvjimadr visits their relatives more than vncimlrrz, so lvvjimadr is not less thoughtful than vncimlrrz
bijq visits their relatives more than xnwkeuluxo, so bijq is not less thoughtful than xnwkeuluxo
gietqjdydpd visits their relatives more than bahnlnztzx, so gietqjdydpd is not less thoughtful than bahnlnztzx
fvo visits their relatives more than dyvbfinme, so fvo is not less thoughtful than dyvbfinme
tqwutelif visits their relatives more than ituhxickzyt, so ituhxickzyt is not more thoughtful than tqwutelif
vncimlrrz visits their relatives more than lvvjimadr, so lvvjimadr is not more thoughtful than vncimlrrz
xnwkeuluxo visits their relatives more than bijq, so bijq is not more thoughtful than xnwkeuluxo
bahnlnztzx visits their relatives more than gietqjdydpd, so gietqjdydpd is not more thoughtful than bahnlnztzx
dyvbfinme visits their relatives more than fvo, so fvo is not more thoughtful than dyvbfinme
ttmtejtrlfwn washes their truck more than vzonobp, so ttmtejtrlfwn is more tidy than vzonobp
jmeovwjdohdf washes their truck more than getyxbmv, so jmeovwjdohdf is more tidy than getyxbmv
eufwbo washes their truck more than iclzwuja, so eufwbo is more tidy than iclzwuja
jrayf washes their truck more than tlg, so jrayf is more tidy than tlg
qdnbzz washes their truck more than rrmzq, so qdnbzz is more tidy than rrmzq
ttmtejtrlfwn washes their truck more than vzonobp, so vzonobp is less tidy than ttmtejtrlfwn
jmeovwjdohdf washes their truck more than getyxbmv, so getyxbmv is less tidy than jmeovwjdohdf
eufwbo washes their truck more than iclzwuja, so iclzwuja is less tidy than eufwbo
jrayf washes their truck more than tlg, so tlg is less tidy than jrayf
qdnbzz washes their truck more than rrmzq, so rrmzq is less tidy than qdnbzz
qaejweykli washes their truck more than rkdqbca, so qaejweykli is not less tidy than rkdqbca
qiienpw washes their truck more than wvfhlc, so qiienpw is not less tidy than wvfhlc
ysunt washes their truck more than vbxarnqcxms, so ysunt is not less tidy than vbxarnqcxms
pyqiy washes their truck more than iphvfgdrma, so pyqiy is not less tidy than iphvfgdrma
klnijsg washes their truck more than nrhozgtqy, so klnijsg is not less tidy than nrhozgtqy
rkdqbca washes their truck more than qaejweykli, so qaejweykli is not more tidy than rkdqbca
wvfhlc washes their truck more than qiienpw, so qiienpw is not more tidy than wvfhlc
vbxarnqcxms washes their truck more than ysunt, so ysunt is not more tidy than vbxarnqcxms
iphvfgdrma washes their truck more than pyqiy, so pyqiy is not more tidy than iphvfgdrma
nrhozgtqy washes their truck more than klnijsg, so klnijsg is not more tidy than nrhozgtqy
nevuck turns their lights more than ztwdn, so nevuck is more responsible than ztwdn
dwbohuoyc turns their lights more than gsweew, so dwbohuoyc is more responsible than gsweew
oproks turns their lights more than vefokkyekp, so oproks is more responsible than vefokkyekp
uzamzyahck turns their lights more than eafk, so uzamzyahck is more responsible than eafk
hhgl turns their lights more than qkthwvtnopnv, so hhgl is more responsible than qkthwvtnopnv
nevuck turns their lights more than ztwdn, so ztwdn is less responsible than nevuck
dwbohuoyc turns their lights more than gsweew, so gsweew is less responsible than dwbohuoyc
oproks turns their lights more than vefokkyekp, so vefokkyekp is less responsible than oproks
uzamzyahck turns their lights more than eafk, so eafk is less responsible than uzamzyahck
hhgl turns their lights more than qkthwvtnopnv, so qkthwvtnopnv is less responsible than hhgl
shhcllbcfgx turns their lights more than plx, so shhcllbcfgx is not less responsible than plx
jjeegb turns their lights more than hlohwdkfrtu, so jjeegb is not less responsible than hlohwdkfrtu
vvrockwmxzos turns their lights more than vkustggzdz, so vvrockwmxzos is not less responsible than vkustggzdz
pso turns their lights more than vnduykodrwje, so pso is not less responsible than vnduykodrwje
fkx turns their lights more than ncmdl, so fkx is not less responsible than ncmdl
plx turns their lights more than shhcllbcfgx, so shhcllbcfgx is not more responsible than plx
hlohwdkfrtu turns their lights more than jjeegb, so jjeegb is not more responsible than hlohwdkfrtu
vkustggzdz turns their lights more than vvrockwmxzos, so vvrockwmxzos is not more responsible than vkustggzdz
vnduykodrwje turns their lights more than pso, so pso is not more responsible than vnduykodrwje
ncmdl turns their lights more than fkx, so fkx is not more responsible than ncmdl
dbzmposlmi is at the mall with another person's friends more than clfrpvur, so dbzmposlmi is more happy than clfrpvur
ixgmp is at the mall with another person's friends more than buszoqophx, so ixgmp is more happy than buszoqophx
fmeaopibnuys is at the mall with another person's friends more than zxkfuduypd, so fmeaopibnuys is more happy than zxkfuduypd
uhttnxg is at the mall with another person's friends more than tmynlbel, so uhttnxg is more happy than tmynlbel
rai is at the mall with another person's friends more than jcjlcierhn, so rai is more happy than jcjlcierhn
dbzmposlmi is at the mall with another person's friends more than clfrpvur, so clfrpvur is less happy than dbzmposlmi
ixgmp is at the mall with another person's friends more than buszoqophx, so buszoqophx is less happy than ixgmp
fmeaopibnuys is at the mall with another person's friends more than zxkfuduypd, so zxkfuduypd is less happy than fmeaopibnuys
uhttnxg is at the mall with another person's friends more than tmynlbel, so tmynlbel is less happy than uhttnxg
rai is at the mall with another person's friends more than jcjlcierhn, so jcjlcierhn is less happy than rai
uklqxfqtlm is at the mall with another person's friends more than rvfsmypdyvx, so uklqxfqtlm is not less happy than rvfsmypdyvx
sfbqc is at the mall with another person's friends more than mexhrhv, so sfbqc is not less happy than mexhrhv
ctp is at the mall with another person's friends more than jvinijdpb, so ctp is not less happy than jvinijdpb
mciiiung is at the mall with another person's friends more than pwpvmrmhzamg, so mciiiung is not less happy than pwpvmrmhzamg
jqidtpujx is at the mall with another person's friends more than ihy, so jqidtpujx is not less happy than ihy
rvfsmypdyvx is at the mall with another person's friends more than uklqxfqtlm, so uklqxfqtlm is not more happy than rvfsmypdyvx
mexhrhv is at the mall with another person's friends more than sfbqc, so sfbqc is not more happy than mexhrhv
jvinijdpb is at the mall with another person's friends more than ctp, so ctp is not more happy than jvinijdpb
pwpvmrmhzamg is at the mall with another person's friends more than mciiiung, so mciiiung is not more happy than pwpvmrmhzamg
ihy is at the mall with another person's friends more than jqidtpujx, so jqidtpujx is not more happy than ihy
gcpenkgpy keeps quiet while hhe does not, so gcpenkgpy is more scared than hhe
hyi keeps quiet while uqgcvvdenb does not, so hyi is more scared than uqgcvvdenb
kkqakipd keeps quiet while ofrbyrdkmkjv does not, so kkqakipd is more scared than ofrbyrdkmkjv
ewvufysf keeps quiet while puvlax does not, so ewvufysf is more scared than puvlax
toub keeps quiet while qzyefjs does not, so toub is more scared than qzyefjs
gcpenkgpy keeps quiet more than hhe, so hhe is less scared than gcpenkgpy
hyi keeps quiet more than uqgcvvdenb, so uqgcvvdenb is less scared than hyi
kkqakipd keeps quiet more than ofrbyrdkmkjv, so ofrbyrdkmkjv is less scared than kkqakipd
ewvufysf keeps quiet more than puvlax, so puvlax is less scared than ewvufysf
toub keeps quiet more than qzyefjs, so qzyefjs is less scared than toub
xgqtmmhomosw keeps quiet more than eefhxwvpadc, so xgqtmmhomosw is not less scared than eefhxwvpadc
qfvhfs keeps quiet more than dudlrxmzewdd, so qfvhfs is not less scared than dudlrxmzewdd
tfuy keeps quiet more than jnyipraetxy, so tfuy is not less scared than jnyipraetxy
vefj keeps quiet more than rwe, so vefj is not less scared than rwe
wllcvvxtv keeps quiet more than ynsl, so wllcvvxtv is not less scared than ynsl
eefhxwvpadc keeps quiet while xgqtmmhomosw does not, so xgqtmmhomosw is not more scared than eefhxwvpadc
dudlrxmzewdd keeps quiet while qfvhfs does not, so qfvhfs is not more scared than dudlrxmzewdd
jnyipraetxy keeps quiet while tfuy does not, so tfuy is not more scared than jnyipraetxy
rwe keeps quiet while vefj does not, so vefj is not more scared than rwe
ynsl keeps quiet while wllcvvxtv does not, so wllcvvxtv is not more scared than ynsl
qnur receives a job offer more than bijxljt, so qnur is more skilled than bijxljt
hlcqja receives a job offer more than nwju, so hlcqja is more skilled than nwju
anezzuifaudb receives a job offer more than xwvhywdg, so anezzuifaudb is more skilled than xwvhywdg
ozrycjkqdfmi receives a job offer more than ujvdm, so ozrycjkqdfmi is more skilled than ujvdm
ics receives a job offer more than kvuvrrbbfadx, so ics is more skilled than kvuvrrbbfadx
qnur receives a job offer more than bijxljt, so bijxljt is less skilled than qnur
hlcqja receives a job offer more than nwju, so nwju is less skilled than hlcqja
anezzuifaudb receives a job offer more than xwvhywdg, so xwvhywdg is less skilled than anezzuifaudb
ozrycjkqdfmi receives a job offer more than ujvdm, so ujvdm is less skilled than ozrycjkqdfmi
ics receives a job offer more than kvuvrrbbfadx, so kvuvrrbbfadx is less skilled than ics
ohd receives a job offer more than gwmsxafc, so ohd is not less skilled than gwmsxafc
jralkpyhix receives a job offer more than uibbdxz, so jralkpyhix is not less skilled than uibbdxz
gmh receives a job offer more than irlllsffzz, so gmh is not less skilled than irlllsffzz
gik receives a job offer more than psxfgbryj, so gik is not less skilled than psxfgbryj
zwaekemmj receives a job offer more than gpxevpenjr, so zwaekemmj is not less skilled than gpxevpenjr
gwmsxafc receives a job offer more than ohd, so ohd is not more skilled than gwmsxafc
uibbdxz receives a job offer more than jralkpyhix, so jralkpyhix is not more skilled than uibbdxz
irlllsffzz receives a job offer more than gmh, so gmh is not more skilled than irlllsffzz
psxfgbryj receives a job offer more than gik, so gik is not more skilled than psxfgbryj
gpxevpenjr receives a job offer more than zwaekemmj, so zwaekemmj is not more skilled than gpxevpenjr
aysrp has made a mistake more than yyfhunaob, so aysrp is more remorseful than yyfhunaob
nhkufp has made a mistake more than oxuvla, so nhkufp is more remorseful than oxuvla
xvlcsumy has made a mistake more than clcaxz, so xvlcsumy is more remorseful than clcaxz
xdg has made a mistake more than yzyl, so xdg is more remorseful than yzyl
mucslhmidgi has made a mistake more than ocriknhxdp, so mucslhmidgi is more remorseful than ocriknhxdp
aysrp has made a mistake more than yyfhunaob, so yyfhunaob is less remorseful than aysrp
nhkufp has made a mistake more than oxuvla, so oxuvla is less remorseful than nhkufp
xvlcsumy has made a mistake more than clcaxz, so clcaxz is less remorseful than xvlcsumy
xdg has made a mistake more than yzyl, so yzyl is less remorseful than xdg
mucslhmidgi has made a mistake more than ocriknhxdp, so ocriknhxdp is less remorseful than mucslhmidgi
hqyf has made a mistake more than ikwvtjuqy, so hqyf is not less remorseful than ikwvtjuqy
tspepbxhhdc has made a mistake more than tklozxtv, so tspepbxhhdc is not less remorseful than tklozxtv
juut has made a mistake more than xchkgfskpc, so juut is not less remorseful than xchkgfskpc
kggvemgn has made a mistake more than rcegv, so kggvemgn is not less remorseful than rcegv
oshtrdprr has made a mistake more than oykitztnra, so oshtrdprr is not less remorseful than oykitztnra
ikwvtjuqy has made a mistake, so hqyf is not more remorseful than ikwvtjuqy
tklozxtv has made a mistake, so tspepbxhhdc is not more remorseful than tklozxtv
xchkgfskpc has made a mistake, so juut is not more remorseful than xchkgfskpc
rcegv has made a mistake, so kggvemgn is not more remorseful than rcegv
oykitztnra has made a mistake, so oshtrdprr is not more remorseful than oykitztnra
syzybeizuksk is taking care of another person more than ueisbp, so syzybeizuksk is more caring than ueisbp
tlztix is taking care of another person more than oorpuzps, so tlztix is more caring than oorpuzps
jqqjh is taking care of another person more than duyhtxu, so jqqjh is more caring than duyhtxu
wcwbkuxkf is taking care of another person more than flzacigu, so wcwbkuxkf is more caring than flzacigu
cdidzzuzjng is taking care of another person more than dhz, so cdidzzuzjng is more caring than dhz
syzybeizuksk is taking care of another person more than ueisbp, so ueisbp is less caring than syzybeizuksk
tlztix is taking care of another person more than oorpuzps, so oorpuzps is less caring than tlztix
jqqjh is taking care of another person more than duyhtxu, so duyhtxu is less caring than jqqjh
wcwbkuxkf is taking care of another person more than flzacigu, so flzacigu is less caring than wcwbkuxkf
cdidzzuzjng is taking care of another person more than dhz, so dhz is less caring than cdidzzuzjng
swf is taking care of another person more than uepx, so swf is not less caring than uepx
jmvwjmndoyy is taking care of another person more than tpgnq, so jmvwjmndoyy is not less caring than tpgnq
jocgdx is taking care of another person more than teogn, so jocgdx is not less caring than teogn
lrksa is taking care of another person more than flb, so lrksa is not less caring than flb
cjhfnlqtitho is taking care of another person more than wokux, so cjhfnlqtitho is not less caring than wokux
uepx is taking care of another person more than swf, so swf is not more caring than uepx
tpgnq is taking care of another person more than jmvwjmndoyy, so jmvwjmndoyy is not more caring than tpgnq
teogn is taking care of another person more than jocgdx, so jocgdx is not more caring than teogn
flb is taking care of another person more than lrksa, so lrksa is not more caring than flb
wokux is taking care of another person more than cjhfnlqtitho, so cjhfnlqtitho is not more caring than wokux
phyiei smells so good than chdibuo, so phyiei is more tactful than chdibuo
uqp smells so good than tiv, so uqp is more tactful than tiv
egwbm smells so good than cwtgcoeiy, so egwbm is more tactful than cwtgcoeiy
hufdgttewdgf smells so good than optaihrfpne, so hufdgttewdgf is more tactful than optaihrfpne
dzrodnd smells so good than anmdywnk, so dzrodnd is more tactful than anmdywnk
phyiei smells so good than chdibuo, so chdibuo is less tactful than phyiei
uqp smells so good than tiv, so tiv is less tactful than uqp
egwbm smells so good than cwtgcoeiy, so cwtgcoeiy is less tactful than egwbm
hufdgttewdgf smells so good than optaihrfpne, so optaihrfpne is less tactful than hufdgttewdgf
dzrodnd smells so good than anmdywnk, so anmdywnk is less tactful than dzrodnd
uqryp smells so good, so uqryp is not less tactful than zibvphvdlljp
nnzq smells so good, so nnzq is not less tactful than kepnbjncmyu
bsger smells so good, so bsger is not less tactful than chjbgcruux
zba smells so good, so zba is not less tactful than xiku
jukjiviwo smells so good, so jukjiviwo is not less tactful than oibcjlxg
zibvphvdlljp smells so good while uqryp does not, so uqryp is not more tactful than zibvphvdlljp
kepnbjncmyu smells so good while nnzq does not, so nnzq is not more tactful than kepnbjncmyu
chjbgcruux smells so good while bsger does not, so bsger is not more tactful than chjbgcruux
xiku smells so good while zba does not, so zba is not more tactful than xiku
oibcjlxg smells so good while jukjiviwo does not, so jukjiviwo is not more tactful than oibcjlxg
qoqhmvsv notices right away more than szkz, so qoqhmvsv is more aware than szkz
vnmi notices right away more than fqfgebpnb, so vnmi is more aware than fqfgebpnb
adtgdfidviii notices right away more than iefu, so adtgdfidviii is more aware than iefu
oxvfykf notices right away more than fhtoetj, so oxvfykf is more aware than fhtoetj
ywdyxginf notices right away more than zeusonkqnae, so ywdyxginf is more aware than zeusonkqnae
qoqhmvsv notices right away more than szkz, so szkz is less aware than qoqhmvsv
vnmi notices right away more than fqfgebpnb, so fqfgebpnb is less aware than vnmi
adtgdfidviii notices right away more than iefu, so iefu is less aware than adtgdfidviii
oxvfykf notices right away more than fhtoetj, so fhtoetj is less aware than oxvfykf
ywdyxginf notices right away more than zeusonkqnae, so zeusonkqnae is less aware than ywdyxginf
poxuixuhbj notices right away more than rdzctlljldbj, so poxuixuhbj is not less aware than rdzctlljldbj
yido notices right away more than fabfqtxjcy, so yido is not less aware than fabfqtxjcy
gjtqgk notices right away more than znhkeohei, so gjtqgk is not less aware than znhkeohei
kyzuczvz notices right away more than dly, so kyzuczvz is not less aware than dly
prkebz notices right away more than tlrpijumo, so prkebz is not less aware than tlrpijumo
rdzctlljldbj notices right away more than poxuixuhbj, so poxuixuhbj is not more aware than rdzctlljldbj
fabfqtxjcy notices right away more than yido, so yido is not more aware than fabfqtxjcy
znhkeohei notices right away more than gjtqgk, so gjtqgk is not more aware than znhkeohei
dly notices right away more than kyzuczvz, so kyzuczvz is not more aware than dly
tlrpijumo notices right away more than prkebz, so prkebz is not more aware than tlrpijumo
bhocrpce makes their name more than snmoqe, so bhocrpce is more important than snmoqe
ilbe makes their name more than jbadsrv, so ilbe is more important than jbadsrv
toz makes their name more than xkdjmug, so toz is more important than xkdjmug
cigvrdtaum makes their name more than vsews, so cigvrdtaum is more important than vsews
vtnkpcyud makes their name more than qbgytn, so vtnkpcyud is more important than qbgytn
bhocrpce makes their name more than snmoqe, so snmoqe is less important than bhocrpce
ilbe makes their name more than jbadsrv, so jbadsrv is less important than ilbe
toz makes their name more than xkdjmug, so xkdjmug is less important than toz
cigvrdtaum makes their name more than vsews, so vsews is less important than cigvrdtaum
vtnkpcyud makes their name more than qbgytn, so qbgytn is less important than vtnkpcyud
zgnkqwispun makes their name more than hqfqvofza, so zgnkqwispun is not less important than hqfqvofza
ztlastdu makes their name more than nvxzkfwpmcx, so ztlastdu is not less important than nvxzkfwpmcx
bxbqmlnuu makes their name more than cehv, so bxbqmlnuu is not less important than cehv
wgneza makes their name more than kxzr, so wgneza is not less important than kxzr
ltidklbquqk makes their name more than ojglpjsl, so ltidklbquqk is not less important than ojglpjsl
hqfqvofza makes their name more than zgnkqwispun, so zgnkqwispun is not more important than hqfqvofza
nvxzkfwpmcx makes their name more than ztlastdu, so ztlastdu is not more important than nvxzkfwpmcx
cehv makes their name more than bxbqmlnuu, so bxbqmlnuu is not more important than cehv
kxzr makes their name more than wgneza, so wgneza is not more important than kxzr
ojglpjsl makes their name more than ltidklbquqk, so ltidklbquqk is not more important than ojglpjsl
tmtozsut tries everything more than elmulbhbfwj, so tmtozsut is more curious than elmulbhbfwj
pxycixfwaok tries everything more than rjyderximd, so pxycixfwaok is more curious than rjyderximd
idtzsx tries everything more than sgotfoqau, so idtzsx is more curious than sgotfoqau
quuvozkbpg tries everything more than ctlgcwgpcqky, so quuvozkbpg is more curious than ctlgcwgpcqky
wgvcxqmz tries everything more than lnt, so wgvcxqmz is more curious than lnt
tmtozsut tries everything more than elmulbhbfwj, so elmulbhbfwj is less curious than tmtozsut
pxycixfwaok tries everything more than rjyderximd, so rjyderximd is less curious than pxycixfwaok
idtzsx tries everything more than sgotfoqau, so sgotfoqau is less curious than idtzsx
quuvozkbpg tries everything more than ctlgcwgpcqky, so ctlgcwgpcqky is less curious than quuvozkbpg
wgvcxqmz tries everything more than lnt, so lnt is less curious than wgvcxqmz
zhawdmcoliy tries everything more than tqydruxgzuuh, so zhawdmcoliy is not less curious than tqydruxgzuuh
cgihsxr tries everything more than tjcchq, so cgihsxr is not less curious than tjcchq
dulywx tries everything more than vjvainbwibtr, so dulywx is not less curious than vjvainbwibtr
veh tries everything more than rjlcstwyyx, so veh is not less curious than rjlcstwyyx
pmqbzykidr tries everything more than gtdscmjth, so pmqbzykidr is not less curious than gtdscmjth
tqydruxgzuuh tries everything more than zhawdmcoliy, so zhawdmcoliy is not more curious than tqydruxgzuuh
tjcchq tries everything more than cgihsxr, so cgihsxr is not more curious than tjcchq
vjvainbwibtr tries everything more than dulywx, so dulywx is not more curious than vjvainbwibtr
rjlcstwyyx tries everything more than veh, so veh is not more curious than rjlcstwyyx
gtdscmjth tries everything more than pmqbzykidr, so pmqbzykidr is not more curious than gtdscmjth
najdwsk opens their car more than birh, so najdwsk is more normal than birh
luozaaeqqcxy opens their car more than cxgbbjs, so luozaaeqqcxy is more normal than cxgbbjs
mcivenrlgcjr opens their car more than brlegxnn, so mcivenrlgcjr is more normal than brlegxnn
dineptmpbgkc opens their car more than kbvrj, so dineptmpbgkc is more normal than kbvrj
fwpebubdp opens their car more than kaughywy, so fwpebubdp is more normal than kaughywy
najdwsk opens their car more than birh, so birh is less normal than najdwsk
luozaaeqqcxy opens their car more than cxgbbjs, so cxgbbjs is less normal than luozaaeqqcxy
mcivenrlgcjr opens their car more than brlegxnn, so brlegxnn is less normal than mcivenrlgcjr
dineptmpbgkc opens their car more than kbvrj, so kbvrj is less normal than dineptmpbgkc
fwpebubdp opens their car more than kaughywy, so kaughywy is less normal than fwpebubdp
aharyeispp opens their car more than jvp, so aharyeispp is not less normal than jvp
vhrhdzfh opens their car more than nbxqsjawxcw, so vhrhdzfh is not less normal than nbxqsjawxcw
lrcjosnci opens their car more than msz, so lrcjosnci is not less normal than msz
jrpklmbby opens their car more than wgtw, so jrpklmbby is not less normal than wgtw
ssadpzqfaza opens their car more than sgw, so ssadpzqfaza is not less normal than sgw
jvp opens their car more than aharyeispp, so aharyeispp is not more normal than jvp
nbxqsjawxcw opens their car more than vhrhdzfh, so vhrhdzfh is not more normal than nbxqsjawxcw
msz opens their car more than lrcjosnci, so lrcjosnci is not more normal than msz
wgtw opens their car more than jrpklmbby, so jrpklmbby is not more normal than wgtw
sgw opens their car more than ssadpzqfaza, so ssadpzqfaza is not more normal than sgw
kaplun attends their meetings more than prgpb, so kaplun is more faithful than prgpb
qiqj attends their meetings more than jflcvhrbqqo, so qiqj is more faithful than jflcvhrbqqo
qwzaoezxn attends their meetings more than olh, so qwzaoezxn is more faithful than olh
puqrlphgzsri attends their meetings more than lwdfov, so puqrlphgzsri is more faithful than lwdfov
dqrtoi attends their meetings more than iprzlumyd, so dqrtoi is more faithful than iprzlumyd
kaplun attends their meetings more than prgpb, so prgpb is less faithful than kaplun
qiqj attends their meetings more than jflcvhrbqqo, so jflcvhrbqqo is less faithful than qiqj
qwzaoezxn attends their meetings more than olh, so olh is less faithful than qwzaoezxn
puqrlphgzsri attends their meetings more than lwdfov, so lwdfov is less faithful than puqrlphgzsri
dqrtoi attends their meetings more than iprzlumyd, so iprzlumyd is less faithful than dqrtoi
iorm attends their meetings more than gkwpjckvbsw, so iorm is not less faithful than gkwpjckvbsw
japy attends their meetings more than owey, so japy is not less faithful than owey
pnpgfurcd attends their meetings more than kqkt, so pnpgfurcd is not less faithful than kqkt
yvxaqk attends their meetings more than maekgo, so yvxaqk is not less faithful than maekgo
cie attends their meetings more than jfixt, so cie is not less faithful than jfixt
gkwpjckvbsw attends their meetings more than iorm, so iorm is not more faithful than gkwpjckvbsw
owey attends their meetings more than japy, so japy is not more faithful than owey
kqkt attends their meetings more than pnpgfurcd, so pnpgfurcd is not more faithful than kqkt
maekgo attends their meetings more than yvxaqk, so yvxaqk is not more faithful than maekgo
jfixt attends their meetings more than cie, so cie is not more faithful than jfixt
bexf is washed away more than faelifqhjxg, so bexf is more cautious than faelifqhjxg
wcdq is washed away more than bshyvjmzfl, so wcdq is more cautious than bshyvjmzfl
awmpgd is washed away more than jtqpbfzjcltn, so awmpgd is more cautious than jtqpbfzjcltn
puxrzhjbpi is washed away more than ajb, so puxrzhjbpi is more cautious than ajb
acxat is washed away more than mygisoyuojrg, so acxat is more cautious than mygisoyuojrg
bexf is washed away more than faelifqhjxg, so faelifqhjxg is less cautious than bexf
wcdq is washed away more than bshyvjmzfl, so bshyvjmzfl is less cautious than wcdq
awmpgd is washed away more than jtqpbfzjcltn, so jtqpbfzjcltn is less cautious than awmpgd
puxrzhjbpi is washed away more than ajb, so ajb is less cautious than puxrzhjbpi
acxat is washed away more than mygisoyuojrg, so mygisoyuojrg is less cautious than acxat
sprqfteavk is washed away more than tebq, so sprqfteavk is not more cautious than tebq
zni is washed away more than panfog, so zni is not more cautious than panfog
vvytauhdpjw is washed away more than ndji, so vvytauhdpjw is not more cautious than ndji
hxjsd is washed away more than enkxnbm, so hxjsd is not more cautious than enkxnbm
zzguzjpudrdb is washed away more than czyjgkxpks, so zzguzjpudrdb is not more cautious than czyjgkxpks
tebq is washed away more than sprqfteavk, so sprqfteavk is not more cautious than tebq
panfog is washed away more than zni, so zni is not more cautious than panfog
ndji is washed away more than vvytauhdpjw, so vvytauhdpjw is not more cautious than ndji
enkxnbm is washed away more than hxjsd, so hxjsd is not more cautious than enkxnbm
czyjgkxpks is washed away more than zzguzjpudrdb, so zzguzjpudrdb is not more cautious than czyjgkxpks
ehhobclj puts another person's son more than nkkjmmalx, so ehhobclj is more bossy than nkkjmmalx
xwzzhi puts another person's son more than kubqo, so xwzzhi is more bossy than kubqo
dxwu puts another person's son more than qgzuntbwlme, so dxwu is more bossy than qgzuntbwlme
lenxhrmbgcbz puts another person's son more than fhwrqen, so lenxhrmbgcbz is more bossy than fhwrqen
jqsxlpcfnoh puts another person's son more than nxq, so jqsxlpcfnoh is more bossy than nxq
ehhobclj puts another person's son more than nkkjmmalx, so nkkjmmalx is less bossy than ehhobclj
xwzzhi puts another person's son more than kubqo, so kubqo is less bossy than xwzzhi
dxwu puts another person's son more than qgzuntbwlme, so qgzuntbwlme is less bossy than dxwu
lenxhrmbgcbz puts another person's son more than fhwrqen, so fhwrqen is less bossy than lenxhrmbgcbz
jqsxlpcfnoh puts another person's son more than nxq, so nxq is less bossy than jqsxlpcfnoh
vrldgxighe puts another person's son more than eowjhqmhepfn, so vrldgxighe is not less bossy than eowjhqmhepfn
bkbw puts another person's son more than nbta, so bkbw is not less bossy than nbta
yvdcim puts another person's son more than elyxdxultvc, so yvdcim is not less bossy than elyxdxultvc
bwiuyrdp puts another person's son more than awswmeckrxbw, so bwiuyrdp is not less bossy than awswmeckrxbw
sjtmfa puts another person's son more than kxdolafhtpa, so sjtmfa is not less bossy than kxdolafhtpa
eowjhqmhepfn puts another person's son more than vrldgxighe, so vrldgxighe is not more bossy than eowjhqmhepfn
nbta puts another person's son more than bkbw, so bkbw is not more bossy than nbta
elyxdxultvc puts another person's son more than yvdcim, so yvdcim is not more bossy than elyxdxultvc
awswmeckrxbw puts another person's son more than bwiuyrdp, so bwiuyrdp is not more bossy than awswmeckrxbw
kxdolafhtpa puts another person's son more than sjtmfa, so sjtmfa is not more bossy than kxdolafhtpa
taa gets their father more than gts, so taa is more supportive than gts
xcedgdiej gets their father more than nyvx, so xcedgdiej is more supportive than nyvx
cleevq gets their father more than bbldy, so cleevq is more supportive than bbldy
gpfk gets their father more than rkizmpimqhh, so gpfk is more supportive than rkizmpimqhh
dgzxnogqtd gets their father more than ypczjxbmvvjz, so dgzxnogqtd is more supportive than ypczjxbmvvjz
taa gets their father more than gts, so gts is less supportive than taa
xcedgdiej gets their father more than nyvx, so nyvx is less supportive than xcedgdiej
cleevq gets their father more than bbldy, so bbldy is less supportive than cleevq
gpfk gets their father more than rkizmpimqhh, so rkizmpimqhh is less supportive than gpfk
dgzxnogqtd gets their father more than ypczjxbmvvjz, so ypczjxbmvvjz is less supportive than dgzxnogqtd
acokpjt gets their father more than ztmlvbhpdsa, so acokpjt is not less supportive than ztmlvbhpdsa
mif gets their father more than ocbythswmb, so mif is not less supportive than ocbythswmb
pyrygmzaaaok gets their father more than pjwbhfcqk, so pyrygmzaaaok is not less supportive than pjwbhfcqk
efew gets their father more than kbwt, so efew is not less supportive than kbwt
mucj gets their father more than hcy, so mucj is not less supportive than hcy
ztmlvbhpdsa gets their father more than acokpjt, so acokpjt is not more supportive than ztmlvbhpdsa
ocbythswmb gets their father more than mif, so mif is not more supportive than ocbythswmb
pjwbhfcqk gets their father more than pyrygmzaaaok, so pyrygmzaaaok is not more supportive than pjwbhfcqk
kbwt gets their father more than efew, so efew is not more supportive than kbwt
hcy gets their father more than mucj, so mucj is not more supportive than hcy
hlqfwoudjgpi expresses their admiration more than vnzdlvsppc, so hlqfwoudjgpi is more loving than vnzdlvsppc
svwhibfzuwy expresses their admiration more than luowxmbkshgr, so svwhibfzuwy is more loving than luowxmbkshgr
vjkykuoxnspf expresses their admiration more than dykzrki, so vjkykuoxnspf is more loving than dykzrki
szkf expresses their admiration more than nnf, so szkf is more loving than nnf
hkhhdsks expresses their admiration more than eckmqjfxfsff, so hkhhdsks is more loving than eckmqjfxfsff
hlqfwoudjgpi expresses their admiration more than vnzdlvsppc, so vnzdlvsppc is less loving than hlqfwoudjgpi
svwhibfzuwy expresses their admiration more than luowxmbkshgr, so luowxmbkshgr is less loving than svwhibfzuwy
vjkykuoxnspf expresses their admiration more than dykzrki, so dykzrki is less loving than vjkykuoxnspf
szkf expresses their admiration more than nnf, so nnf is less loving than szkf
hkhhdsks expresses their admiration more than eckmqjfxfsff, so eckmqjfxfsff is less loving than hkhhdsks
zzzynhzonsqn expresses their admiration more than ncihmtqdrla, so zzzynhzonsqn is not less loving than ncihmtqdrla
xwum expresses their admiration more than lqnhdufhv, so xwum is not less loving than lqnhdufhv
uxhhao expresses their admiration more than uzbpldm, so uxhhao is not less loving than uzbpldm
bcdncg expresses their admiration more than jyzsxibt, so bcdncg is not less loving than jyzsxibt
ycct expresses their admiration more than lwnssaihso, so ycct is not less loving than lwnssaihso
ncihmtqdrla expresses their admiration more than zzzynhzonsqn, so zzzynhzonsqn is not more loving than ncihmtqdrla
lqnhdufhv expresses their admiration more than xwum, so xwum is not more loving than lqnhdufhv
uzbpldm expresses their admiration more than uxhhao, so uxhhao is not more loving than uzbpldm
jyzsxibt expresses their admiration more than bcdncg, so bcdncg is not more loving than jyzsxibt
lwnssaihso expresses their admiration more than ycct, so ycct is not more loving than lwnssaihso
bdawiosi decides to give it a shot more than oug, so bdawiosi is more curious than oug
lzsmzanvfpl decides to give it a shot more than vewjprxdhp, so lzsmzanvfpl is more curious than vewjprxdhp
efytwqg decides to give it a shot more than ltfinukzoboe, so efytwqg is more curious than ltfinukzoboe
fxopcc decides to give it a shot more than wvjzl, so fxopcc is more curious than wvjzl
phpooc decides to give it a shot more than fycpicjcombg, so phpooc is more curious than fycpicjcombg
bdawiosi decides to give it a shot, oug does not, so oug is less curious than bdawiosi
lzsmzanvfpl decides to give it a shot, vewjprxdhp does not, so vewjprxdhp is less curious than lzsmzanvfpl
efytwqg decides to give it a shot, ltfinukzoboe does not, so ltfinukzoboe is less curious than efytwqg
fxopcc decides to give it a shot, wvjzl does not, so wvjzl is less curious than fxopcc
phpooc decides to give it a shot, fycpicjcombg does not, so fycpicjcombg is less curious than phpooc
xtqqicleqhp decides to give it a shot while yaqmusu does not, so xtqqicleqhp is not less curious than yaqmusu
rtcgsmoplj decides to give it a shot while tqc does not, so rtcgsmoplj is not less curious than tqc
ubh decides to give it a shot while dotdz does not, so ubh is not less curious than dotdz
zjdy decides to give it a shot while owfeevskjl does not, so zjdy is not less curious than owfeevskjl
alvcfw decides to give it a shot while cnghvbu does not, so alvcfw is not less curious than cnghvbu
yaqmusu decides to give it a shot more than xtqqicleqhp, so xtqqicleqhp is not more curious than yaqmusu
tqc decides to give it a shot more than rtcgsmoplj, so rtcgsmoplj is not more curious than tqc
dotdz decides to give it a shot more than ubh, so ubh is not more curious than dotdz
owfeevskjl decides to give it a shot more than zjdy, so zjdy is not more curious than owfeevskjl
cnghvbu decides to give it a shot more than alvcfw, so alvcfw is not more curious than cnghvbu
uipawzikokj makes another person changes more than wge, so uipawzikokj is more authoritative than wge
hnslu makes another person changes more than lfgzczm, so hnslu is more authoritative than lfgzczm
nau makes another person changes more than wdbcm, so nau is more authoritative than wdbcm
sfshxztvcu makes another person changes more than aawzsrt, so sfshxztvcu is more authoritative than aawzsrt
tojv makes another person changes more than kdcotlijp, so tojv is more authoritative than kdcotlijp
uipawzikokj makes another person changes more than wge, so wge is less authoritative than uipawzikokj
hnslu makes another person changes more than lfgzczm, so lfgzczm is less authoritative than hnslu
nau makes another person changes more than wdbcm, so wdbcm is less authoritative than nau
sfshxztvcu makes another person changes more than aawzsrt, so aawzsrt is less authoritative than sfshxztvcu
tojv makes another person changes more than kdcotlijp, so kdcotlijp is less authoritative than tojv
zrrkupbrmw makes another person changes more than nszgcmrgwi, so zrrkupbrmw is not less authoritative than nszgcmrgwi
vxiwx makes another person changes more than eygztqtglu, so vxiwx is not less authoritative than eygztqtglu
grzw makes another person changes more than bcach, so grzw is not less authoritative than bcach
fygicohp makes another person changes more than szsugxgxh, so fygicohp is not less authoritative than szsugxgxh
ehhlczlcsbxi makes another person changes more than npfcrinleko, so ehhlczlcsbxi is not less authoritative than npfcrinleko
nszgcmrgwi makes another person changes more than zrrkupbrmw, so zrrkupbrmw is not more authoritative than nszgcmrgwi
eygztqtglu makes another person changes more than vxiwx, so vxiwx is not more authoritative than eygztqtglu
bcach makes another person changes more than grzw, so grzw is not more authoritative than bcach
szsugxgxh makes another person changes more than fygicohp, so fygicohp is not more authoritative than szsugxgxh
npfcrinleko makes another person changes more than ehhlczlcsbxi, so ehhlczlcsbxi is not more authoritative than npfcrinleko
bbhtqxetjshk checks under their bed more than josxdedwie, so bbhtqxetjshk is more thorough than josxdedwie
kzxahehs checks under their bed more than nheiaqwjxkwx, so kzxahehs is more thorough than nheiaqwjxkwx
ouzfqdq checks under their bed more than xnjxnlac, so ouzfqdq is more thorough than xnjxnlac
ajardntmjtt checks under their bed more than pvmfvkhwu, so ajardntmjtt is more thorough than pvmfvkhwu
yza checks under their bed more than ujrvvmswxq, so yza is more thorough than ujrvvmswxq
bbhtqxetjshk checks under their bed more than josxdedwie, so josxdedwie is less thorough than bbhtqxetjshk
kzxahehs checks under their bed more than nheiaqwjxkwx, so nheiaqwjxkwx is less thorough than kzxahehs
ouzfqdq checks under their bed more than xnjxnlac, so xnjxnlac is less thorough than ouzfqdq
ajardntmjtt checks under their bed more than pvmfvkhwu, so pvmfvkhwu is less thorough than ajardntmjtt
yza checks under their bed more than ujrvvmswxq, so ujrvvmswxq is less thorough than yza
qzwvnqvexi checks under their bed more than wdf, so qzwvnqvexi is not less thorough than wdf
nsqslxktalkm checks under their bed more than cnqchzg, so nsqslxktalkm is not less thorough than cnqchzg
rhmsydrytrfq checks under their bed more than vypqigqip, so rhmsydrytrfq is not less thorough than vypqigqip
ntbceuxpzsm checks under their bed more than owxky, so ntbceuxpzsm is not less thorough than owxky
pfwqn checks under their bed more than wvxjrcchbgg, so pfwqn is not less thorough than wvxjrcchbgg
wdf checks under their bed more than qzwvnqvexi, so qzwvnqvexi is not more thorough than wdf
cnqchzg checks under their bed more than nsqslxktalkm, so nsqslxktalkm is not more thorough than cnqchzg
vypqigqip checks under their bed more than rhmsydrytrfq, so rhmsydrytrfq is not more thorough than vypqigqip
owxky checks under their bed more than ntbceuxpzsm, so ntbceuxpzsm is not more thorough than owxky
wvxjrcchbgg checks under their bed more than pfwqn, so pfwqn is not more thorough than wvxjrcchbgg
pftslgwiqr buys their lunch more than wjquimi, so pftslgwiqr is more charitable than wjquimi
uqguzf buys their lunch more than uoq, so uqguzf is more charitable than uoq
rwwuvg buys their lunch more than uckgrzwr, so rwwuvg is more charitable than uckgrzwr
pkcor buys their lunch more than erehl, so pkcor is more charitable than erehl
bipnuqxcepua buys their lunch more than kwcllvpwugau, so bipnuqxcepua is more charitable than kwcllvpwugau
pftslgwiqr buys their lunch more than wjquimi, so wjquimi is less charitable than pftslgwiqr
uqguzf buys their lunch more than uoq, so uoq is less charitable than uqguzf
rwwuvg buys their lunch more than uckgrzwr, so uckgrzwr is less charitable than rwwuvg
pkcor buys their lunch more than erehl, so erehl is less charitable than pkcor
bipnuqxcepua buys their lunch more than kwcllvpwugau, so kwcllvpwugau is less charitable than bipnuqxcepua
htlxb buys their lunch more than opbltkladpw, so htlxb is not less charitable than opbltkladpw
tpu buys their lunch more than crgdehau, so tpu is not less charitable than crgdehau
gpalxjowop buys their lunch more than nowc, so gpalxjowop is not less charitable than nowc
jztfhx buys their lunch more than ztoczyd, so jztfhx is not less charitable than ztoczyd
kcccsf buys their lunch more than wbyxt, so kcccsf is not less charitable than wbyxt
opbltkladpw buys their lunch more than htlxb, so htlxb is not more charitable than opbltkladpw
crgdehau buys their lunch more than tpu, so tpu is not more charitable than crgdehau
nowc buys their lunch more than gpalxjowop, so gpalxjowop is not more charitable than nowc
ztoczyd buys their lunch more than jztfhx, so jztfhx is not more charitable than ztoczyd
wbyxt buys their lunch more than kcccsf, so kcccsf is not more charitable than wbyxt
qmshxfocdd is four years old, krksujogl is four years old, so qmshxfocdd is more excited than krksujogl
dhe is four years old, vjar is four years old, so dhe is more excited than vjar
anudarc is four years old, bsslvqi is four years old, so anudarc is more excited than bsslvqi
nqychltlxrr is four years old, gbayhu is four years old, so nqychltlxrr is more excited than gbayhu
lnnij is four years old, taeavrwmti is four years old, so lnnij is more excited than taeavrwmti
qmshxfocdd is four years old, krksujogl is four years old, so krksujogl is less excited than qmshxfocdd
dhe is four years old, vjar is four years old, so vjar is less excited than dhe
anudarc is four years old, bsslvqi is four years old, so bsslvqi is less excited than anudarc
nqychltlxrr is four years old, gbayhu is four years old, so gbayhu is less excited than nqychltlxrr
lnnij is four years old, taeavrwmti is four years old, so taeavrwmti is less excited than lnnij
jbo is four years old more than rijizrib, so jbo is not less excited than rijizrib
yts is four years old more than ubrxtdtmfc, so yts is not less excited than ubrxtdtmfc
mzuiiulolut is four years old more than exnngpdarbu, so mzuiiulolut is not less excited than exnngpdarbu
kovavz is four years old more than rwajleikspro, so kovavz is not less excited than rwajleikspro
vqeh is four years old more than jyxrccaaxejs, so vqeh is not less excited than jyxrccaaxejs
rijizrib is four years old, jbo is not, so jbo is not less excited than rijizrib
ubrxtdtmfc is four years old, yts is not, so yts is not less excited than ubrxtdtmfc
exnngpdarbu is four years old, mzuiiulolut is not, so mzuiiulolut is not less excited than exnngpdarbu
rwajleikspro is four years old, kovavz is not, so kovavz is not less excited than rwajleikspro
jyxrccaaxejs is four years old, vqeh is not, so vqeh is not less excited than jyxrccaaxejs
igkvdmku settles among another person more than rdffrecccvz, so igkvdmku is more towering than rdffrecccvz
rdlzgzyuuzc settles among another person more than wsps, so rdlzgzyuuzc is more towering than wsps
zacdaypwky settles among another person more than fgggjxannh, so zacdaypwky is more towering than fgggjxannh
odcwqz settles among another person more than hqyzgxgich, so odcwqz is more towering than hqyzgxgich
udlr settles among another person more than yempjwh, so udlr is more towering than yempjwh
igkvdmku settles among another person more than rdffrecccvz, so rdffrecccvz is less towering than igkvdmku
rdlzgzyuuzc settles among another person more than wsps, so wsps is less towering than rdlzgzyuuzc
zacdaypwky settles among another person more than fgggjxannh, so fgggjxannh is less towering than zacdaypwky
odcwqz settles among another person more than hqyzgxgich, so hqyzgxgich is less towering than odcwqz
udlr settles among another person more than yempjwh, so yempjwh is less towering than udlr
merocrxg settles among another person more than yklh, so merocrxg is not less towering than yklh
cfo settles among another person more than fqqmbdmbgvg, so cfo is not less towering than fqqmbdmbgvg
aeiuws settles among another person more than ucpjp, so aeiuws is not less towering than ucpjp
wsrihhhio settles among another person more than kbelgcj, so wsrihhhio is not less towering than kbelgcj
ikmfmewuc settles among another person more than cekwcfwzat, so ikmfmewuc is not less towering than cekwcfwzat
yklh settles among another person more than merocrxg, so merocrxg is not more towering than yklh
fqqmbdmbgvg settles among another person more than cfo, so cfo is not more towering than fqqmbdmbgvg
ucpjp settles among another person more than aeiuws, so aeiuws is not more towering than ucpjp
kbelgcj settles among another person more than wsrihhhio, so wsrihhhio is not more towering than kbelgcj
cekwcfwzat settles among another person more than ikmfmewuc, so ikmfmewuc is not more towering than cekwcfwzat
gptwphgeryr tastes the sauce more than xcenihqed, so gptwphgeryr is more brave than xcenihqed
enwzulstj tastes the sauce more than pxc, so enwzulstj is more brave than pxc
jxtlonqkczt tastes the sauce more than cegqu, so jxtlonqkczt is more brave than cegqu
vfolxi tastes the sauce more than zdygim, so vfolxi is more brave than zdygim
evqmoywwbubx tastes the sauce more than qfefjhhkdv, so evqmoywwbubx is more brave than qfefjhhkdv
gptwphgeryr tastes the sauce more than xcenihqed, so xcenihqed is less brave than gptwphgeryr
enwzulstj tastes the sauce more than pxc, so pxc is less brave than enwzulstj
jxtlonqkczt tastes the sauce more than cegqu, so cegqu is less brave than jxtlonqkczt
vfolxi tastes the sauce more than zdygim, so zdygim is less brave than vfolxi
evqmoywwbubx tastes the sauce more than qfefjhhkdv, so qfefjhhkdv is less brave than evqmoywwbubx
qeqscbo tastes the sauce more than dozhbk, so qeqscbo is not less brave than dozhbk
vencgiduv tastes the sauce more than gkfbfzotme, so vencgiduv is not less brave than gkfbfzotme
fyzohyxghokj tastes the sauce more than wzybvd, so fyzohyxghokj is not less brave than wzybvd
xlgwfhfd tastes the sauce more than opwnadzg, so xlgwfhfd is not less brave than opwnadzg
jkufzplt tastes the sauce more than bricqifpmvod, so jkufzplt is not less brave than bricqifpmvod
dozhbk tastes the sauce more than qeqscbo, so qeqscbo is not more brave than dozhbk
gkfbfzotme tastes the sauce more than vencgiduv, so vencgiduv is not more brave than gkfbfzotme
wzybvd tastes the sauce more than fyzohyxghokj, so fyzohyxghokj is not more brave than wzybvd
opwnadzg tastes the sauce more than xlgwfhfd, so xlgwfhfd is not more brave than opwnadzg
bricqifpmvod tastes the sauce more than jkufzplt, so jkufzplt is not more brave than bricqifpmvod
jctq takes several hours more than fpph, so jctq is more patient than fpph
hfeeyqzwf takes several hours more than pyxhdsqrgqs, so hfeeyqzwf is more patient than pyxhdsqrgqs
yjcyvsohaiv takes several hours more than uuib, so yjcyvsohaiv is more patient than uuib
pcryqv takes several hours more than liztdir, so pcryqv is more patient than liztdir
rlnjxigjb takes several hours more than mdoazg, so rlnjxigjb is more patient than mdoazg
jctq takes several hours more than fpph, so fpph is more patient than jctq
hfeeyqzwf takes several hours more than pyxhdsqrgqs, so pyxhdsqrgqs is more patient than hfeeyqzwf
yjcyvsohaiv takes several hours more than uuib, so uuib is more patient than yjcyvsohaiv
pcryqv takes several hours more than liztdir, so liztdir is more patient than pcryqv
rlnjxigjb takes several hours more than mdoazg, so mdoazg is more patient than rlnjxigjb
ryf takes several hours more than rezwwgudohz, so ryf is not less patient than rezwwgudohz
uwhsrtgmz takes several hours more than enlmzi, so uwhsrtgmz is not less patient than enlmzi
xqyho takes several hours more than vzrfqiz, so xqyho is not less patient than vzrfqiz
miarpufagyu takes several hours more than ysfmme, so miarpufagyu is not less patient than ysfmme
cnovvb takes several hours more than bvob, so cnovvb is not less patient than bvob
rezwwgudohz takes several hours more than ryf, so ryf is not more patient than rezwwgudohz
enlmzi takes several hours more than uwhsrtgmz, so uwhsrtgmz is not more patient than enlmzi
vzrfqiz takes several hours more than xqyho, so xqyho is not more patient than vzrfqiz
ysfmme takes several hours more than miarpufagyu, so miarpufagyu is not more patient than ysfmme
bvob takes several hours more than cnovvb, so cnovvb is not more patient than bvob
vfa lies on the sidewalk more than ixr, so vfa is more insolent than ixr
dkr lies on the sidewalk more than tyzwptmujh, so dkr is more insolent than tyzwptmujh
ofqulupbxu lies on the sidewalk more than cmzqxd, so ofqulupbxu is more insolent than cmzqxd
fgxazfrfnc lies on the sidewalk more than bmkaklkml, so fgxazfrfnc is more insolent than bmkaklkml
cajn lies on the sidewalk more than mrmjfwjpwp, so cajn is more insolent than mrmjfwjpwp
vfa lies on the sidewalk more than ixr, so ixr is less insolent than vfa
dkr lies on the sidewalk more than tyzwptmujh, so tyzwptmujh is less insolent than dkr
ofqulupbxu lies on the sidewalk more than cmzqxd, so cmzqxd is less insolent than ofqulupbxu
fgxazfrfnc lies on the sidewalk more than bmkaklkml, so bmkaklkml is less insolent than fgxazfrfnc
cajn lies on the sidewalk more than mrmjfwjpwp, so mrmjfwjpwp is less insolent than cajn
erpotpbpsf lies on the sidewalk more than otnvj, so erpotpbpsf is not less insolent than otnvj
qsvrrnjjd lies on the sidewalk more than aibbqlhu, so qsvrrnjjd is not less insolent than aibbqlhu
nexmkqgtmh lies on the sidewalk more than bkflfy, so nexmkqgtmh is not less insolent than bkflfy
pvdadztmbj lies on the sidewalk more than xzdqwhpgy, so pvdadztmbj is not less insolent than xzdqwhpgy
tlbpnho lies on the sidewalk more than juh, so tlbpnho is not less insolent than juh
otnvj lies on the sidewalk more than erpotpbpsf, so erpotpbpsf is not more insolent than otnvj
aibbqlhu lies on the sidewalk more than qsvrrnjjd, so qsvrrnjjd is not more insolent than aibbqlhu
bkflfy lies on the sidewalk more than nexmkqgtmh, so nexmkqgtmh is not more insolent than bkflfy
xzdqwhpgy lies on the sidewalk more than pvdadztmbj, so pvdadztmbj is not more insolent than xzdqwhpgy
juh lies on the sidewalk more than tlbpnho, so tlbpnho is not more insolent than juh
qcns keeps it real more than uwznvmw, so qcns is more careful than uwznvmw
auqqg keeps it real more than rciacxmw, so auqqg is more careful than rciacxmw
bnrjmiyejl keeps it real more than zegrlfq, so bnrjmiyejl is more careful than zegrlfq
yuwnbokqsqah keeps it real more than rendc, so yuwnbokqsqah is more careful than rendc
lnhjj keeps it real more than nrlslb, so lnhjj is more careful than nrlslb
qcns keeps it real more than uwznvmw, so uwznvmw is less careful than qcns
auqqg keeps it real more than rciacxmw, so rciacxmw is less careful than auqqg
bnrjmiyejl keeps it real more than zegrlfq, so zegrlfq is less careful than bnrjmiyejl
yuwnbokqsqah keeps it real more than rendc, so rendc is less careful than yuwnbokqsqah
lnhjj keeps it real more than nrlslb, so nrlslb is less careful than lnhjj
xjxkighgnzjp keeps it real more than yxgtfu, so xjxkighgnzjp is not less careful than yxgtfu
ryhwy keeps it real more than khapf, so ryhwy is not less careful than khapf
hbxm keeps it real more than ghay, so hbxm is not less careful than ghay
nclgmju keeps it real more than fpckdrmhuys, so nclgmju is not less careful than fpckdrmhuys
ptnrtv keeps it real more than gjlxtux, so ptnrtv is not less careful than gjlxtux
yxgtfu keeps it real more than xjxkighgnzjp, so xjxkighgnzjp is not more careful than yxgtfu
khapf keeps it real more than ryhwy, so ryhwy is not more careful than khapf
ghay keeps it real more than hbxm, so hbxm is not more careful than ghay
fpckdrmhuys keeps it real more than nclgmju, so nclgmju is not more careful than fpckdrmhuys
gjlxtux keeps it real more than ptnrtv, so ptnrtv is not more careful than gjlxtux
bnxpfrzi uses drugs more than qdcjw, so bnxpfrzi is more dependent than qdcjw
cytvpwxzja uses drugs more than lozazkbkghib, so cytvpwxzja is more dependent than lozazkbkghib
dkaw uses drugs more than wkvocnotq, so dkaw is more dependent than wkvocnotq
zgbrxug uses drugs more than jldukj, so zgbrxug is more dependent than jldukj
yalos uses drugs more than akdlf, so yalos is more dependent than akdlf
bnxpfrzi uses drugs more than qdcjw, so qdcjw is less dependent than bnxpfrzi
cytvpwxzja uses drugs more than lozazkbkghib, so lozazkbkghib is less dependent than cytvpwxzja
dkaw uses drugs more than wkvocnotq, so wkvocnotq is less dependent than dkaw
zgbrxug uses drugs more than jldukj, so jldukj is less dependent than zgbrxug
yalos uses drugs more than akdlf, so akdlf is less dependent than yalos
bwcgnqiwywgl uses drugs more than ump, so bwcgnqiwywgl is not less dependent than ump
pnb uses drugs more than wzhhi, so pnb is not less dependent than wzhhi
ygrhd uses drugs more than hysmlaevn, so ygrhd is not less dependent than hysmlaevn
eidxzz uses drugs more than veizltzyu, so eidxzz is not less dependent than veizltzyu
admhrkxotdck uses drugs more than xdtkpsoxb, so admhrkxotdck is not less dependent than xdtkpsoxb
ump uses drugs more than bwcgnqiwywgl, so bwcgnqiwywgl is not more dependent than ump
wzhhi uses drugs more than pnb, so pnb is not more dependent than wzhhi
hysmlaevn uses drugs more than ygrhd, so ygrhd is not more dependent than hysmlaevn
veizltzyu uses drugs more than eidxzz, so eidxzz is not more dependent than veizltzyu
xdtkpsoxb uses drugs more than admhrkxotdck, so admhrkxotdck is not more dependent than xdtkpsoxb
sqtqglfco doubts their ability more than rjfnavop, so sqtqglfco is more lethargic than rjfnavop
mdjz doubts their ability more than wjeinxnme, so mdjz is more lethargic than wjeinxnme
gvdxgr doubts their ability more than smlefbaulaud, so gvdxgr is more lethargic than smlefbaulaud
gvkv doubts their ability more than ciumpfxnui, so gvkv is more lethargic than ciumpfxnui
lyljjrnfw doubts their ability more than jglch, so lyljjrnfw is more lethargic than jglch
sqtqglfco doubts their ability more than rjfnavop, so rjfnavop is less lethargic than sqtqglfco
mdjz doubts their ability more than wjeinxnme, so wjeinxnme is less lethargic than mdjz
gvdxgr doubts their ability more than smlefbaulaud, so smlefbaulaud is less lethargic than gvdxgr
gvkv doubts their ability more than ciumpfxnui, so ciumpfxnui is less lethargic than gvkv
lyljjrnfw doubts their ability more than jglch, so jglch is less lethargic than lyljjrnfw
zmafvnzxijfj doubts their ability more than dgpzjkf, so zmafvnzxijfj is not less lethargic than dgpzjkf
ryusejevu doubts their ability more than ugfb, so ryusejevu is not less lethargic than ugfb
jfcrlve doubts their ability more than ixeryelrckb, so jfcrlve is not less lethargic than ixeryelrckb
bpl doubts their ability more than ckqqlre, so bpl is not less lethargic than ckqqlre
yvphqvejmlw doubts their ability more than dvxilsjynfd, so yvphqvejmlw is not less lethargic than dvxilsjynfd
dgpzjkf doubts their ability more than zmafvnzxijfj, so zmafvnzxijfj is not more lethargic than dgpzjkf
ugfb doubts their ability more than ryusejevu, so ryusejevu is not more lethargic than ugfb
ixeryelrckb doubts their ability more than jfcrlve, so jfcrlve is not more lethargic than ixeryelrckb
ckqqlre doubts their ability more than bpl, so bpl is not more lethargic than ckqqlre
dvxilsjynfd doubts their ability more than yvphqvejmlw, so yvphqvejmlw is not more lethargic than dvxilsjynfd
liumbhnj chases the dog more than wlwz, so liumbhnj is more rambunctious than wlwz
hmtvajeltqgy chases the dog more than azihqmffiec, so hmtvajeltqgy is more rambunctious than azihqmffiec
zaxheizccul chases the dog more than mpr, so zaxheizccul is more rambunctious than mpr
uvwkqeiqcc chases the dog more than nde, so uvwkqeiqcc is more rambunctious than nde
lctbqilql chases the dog more than bvwomwszkx, so lctbqilql is more rambunctious than bvwomwszkx
liumbhnj chases the dog more than wlwz, so wlwz is less rambunctious than liumbhnj
hmtvajeltqgy chases the dog more than azihqmffiec, so azihqmffiec is less rambunctious than hmtvajeltqgy
zaxheizccul chases the dog more than mpr, so mpr is less rambunctious than zaxheizccul
uvwkqeiqcc chases the dog more than nde, so nde is less rambunctious than uvwkqeiqcc
lctbqilql chases the dog more than bvwomwszkx, so bvwomwszkx is less rambunctious than lctbqilql
lmejiwni chases the dog more than jurndbjsfw, so lmejiwni is not less rambunctious than jurndbjsfw
huitd chases the dog more than tlpjj, so huitd is not less rambunctious than tlpjj
kmm chases the dog more than mgvy, so kmm is not less rambunctious than mgvy
tanoukhqabs chases the dog more than gfyym, so tanoukhqabs is not less rambunctious than gfyym
qqkklb chases the dog more than jcrzkhyg, so qqkklb is not less rambunctious than jcrzkhyg
jurndbjsfw chases the dog more than lmejiwni, so lmejiwni is not more rambunctious than jurndbjsfw
tlpjj chases the dog more than huitd, so huitd is not more rambunctious than tlpjj
mgvy chases the dog more than kmm, so kmm is not more rambunctious than mgvy
gfyym chases the dog more than tanoukhqabs, so tanoukhqabs is not more rambunctious than gfyym
jcrzkhyg chases the dog more than qqkklb, so qqkklb is not more rambunctious than jcrzkhyg
dzinx meets another person in the street more than ogoykfyrwcd, so dzinx is more friendly than ogoykfyrwcd
nwhms meets another person in the street more than fbyxljjin, so nwhms is more friendly than fbyxljjin
jjyow meets another person in the street more than fnuylkekdym, so jjyow is more friendly than fnuylkekdym
ebojxucot meets another person in the street more than belrir, so ebojxucot is more friendly than belrir
howdy meets another person in the street more than zls, so howdy is more friendly than zls
dzinx meets another person in the street more than ogoykfyrwcd, so ogoykfyrwcd is less friendly than dzinx
nwhms meets another person in the street more than fbyxljjin, so fbyxljjin is less friendly than nwhms
jjyow meets another person in the street more than fnuylkekdym, so fnuylkekdym is less friendly than jjyow
ebojxucot meets another person in the street more than belrir, so belrir is less friendly than ebojxucot
howdy meets another person in the street more than zls, so zls is less friendly than howdy
grochkyzbcjf meets another person in the street more than fybzrqz, so grochkyzbcjf is not less friendly than fybzrqz
lrzkqrdc meets another person in the street more than dkhxvgxmai, so lrzkqrdc is not less friendly than dkhxvgxmai
bjkgrwysr meets another person in the street more than ohojyz, so bjkgrwysr is not less friendly than ohojyz
tvizgyoomwy meets another person in the street more than wqsmlhbynyk, so tvizgyoomwy is not less friendly than wqsmlhbynyk
dxij meets another person in the street more than cusnjjfqxj, so dxij is not less friendly than cusnjjfqxj
fybzrqz meets another person in the street more than grochkyzbcjf, so grochkyzbcjf is not more friendly than fybzrqz
dkhxvgxmai meets another person in the street more than lrzkqrdc, so lrzkqrdc is not more friendly than dkhxvgxmai
ohojyz meets another person in the street more than bjkgrwysr, so bjkgrwysr is not more friendly than ohojyz
wqsmlhbynyk meets another person in the street more than tvizgyoomwy, so tvizgyoomwy is not more friendly than wqsmlhbynyk
cusnjjfqxj meets another person in the street more than dxij, so dxij is not more friendly than cusnjjfqxj
innjunc has to write an essay more than cixfns, so innjunc is more motivated than cixfns
vvlczvgwgmg has to write an essay more than xsyctom, so vvlczvgwgmg is more motivated than xsyctom
rtfqpm has to write an essay more than bkgusgdlduq, so rtfqpm is more motivated than bkgusgdlduq
pgcyhiwn has to write an essay more than bmtzlsdv, so pgcyhiwn is more motivated than bmtzlsdv
jrqnnfhvv has to write an essay more than qgpkhfn, so jrqnnfhvv is more motivated than qgpkhfn
innjunc has to write an essay more than cixfns, so cixfns is less motivated than innjunc
vvlczvgwgmg has to write an essay more than xsyctom, so xsyctom is less motivated than vvlczvgwgmg
rtfqpm has to write an essay more than bkgusgdlduq, so bkgusgdlduq is less motivated than rtfqpm
pgcyhiwn has to write an essay more than bmtzlsdv, so bmtzlsdv is less motivated than pgcyhiwn
jrqnnfhvv has to write an essay more than qgpkhfn, so qgpkhfn is less motivated than jrqnnfhvv
nmayjhlmrfyr has to write an essay more than sgyfsg, so nmayjhlmrfyr is not less motivated than sgyfsg
qklzc has to write an essay more than ijxosvgww, so qklzc is not less motivated than ijxosvgww
zpzaj has to write an essay more than nbbep, so zpzaj is not less motivated than nbbep
geuerkng has to write an essay more than kwvxfi, so geuerkng is not less motivated than kwvxfi
yplktzxcpwa has to write an essay more than cxjrptglkv, so yplktzxcpwa is not less motivated than cxjrptglkv
sgyfsg has to write an essay more than nmayjhlmrfyr, so nmayjhlmrfyr is not more motivated than sgyfsg
ijxosvgww has to write an essay more than qklzc, so qklzc is not more motivated than ijxosvgww
nbbep has to write an essay more than zpzaj, so zpzaj is not more motivated than nbbep
kwvxfi has to write an essay more than geuerkng, so geuerkng is not more motivated than kwvxfi
cxjrptglkv has to write an essay more than yplktzxcpwa, so yplktzxcpwa is not more motivated than cxjrptglkv
rqaqw takes care of their needs more than bsb, so rqaqw is more caring than bsb
czjm takes care of their needs more than wenz, so czjm is more caring than wenz
kddmyhzbecgv takes care of their needs more than fvhojm, so kddmyhzbecgv is more caring than fvhojm
ubefi takes care of their needs more than gqozwqcqwl, so ubefi is more caring than gqozwqcqwl
ixoajxp takes care of their needs more than zdho, so ixoajxp is more caring than zdho
rqaqw takes care of their needs more than bsb, so bsb is less caring than rqaqw
czjm takes care of their needs more than wenz, so wenz is less caring than czjm
kddmyhzbecgv takes care of their needs more than fvhojm, so fvhojm is less caring than kddmyhzbecgv
ubefi takes care of their needs more than gqozwqcqwl, so gqozwqcqwl is less caring than ubefi
ixoajxp takes care of their needs more than zdho, so zdho is less caring than ixoajxp
kwcdgrlu takes care of their needs more than msmx, so kwcdgrlu is not less caring than msmx
gdys takes care of their needs more than nmpr, so gdys is not less caring than nmpr
ftqxlmekpto takes care of their needs more than suumqhr, so ftqxlmekpto is not less caring than suumqhr
jpdkog takes care of their needs more than nvuozbetfmz, so jpdkog is not less caring than nvuozbetfmz
udjm takes care of their needs more than vjzqp, so udjm is not less caring than vjzqp
msmx takes care of their needs more than kwcdgrlu, so kwcdgrlu is not more caring than msmx
nmpr takes care of their needs more than gdys, so gdys is not more caring than nmpr
suumqhr takes care of their needs more than ftqxlmekpto, so ftqxlmekpto is not more caring than suumqhr
nvuozbetfmz takes care of their needs more than jpdkog, so jpdkog is not more caring than nvuozbetfmz
vjzqp takes care of their needs more than udjm, so udjm is not more caring than vjzqp
zoqqcewuso takes a cab more than ulhujij, so zoqqcewuso is unable to drive more than ulhujij
nzehxked takes a cab more than ehzcxoceoml, so nzehxked is unable to drive more than ehzcxoceoml
oipilguapj takes a cab more than sihv, so oipilguapj is unable to drive more than sihv
fotnxoeuw takes a cab more than vzyogc, so fotnxoeuw is unable to drive more than vzyogc
bard takes a cab more than bdvbmkplme, so bard is unable to drive more than bdvbmkplme
zoqqcewuso takes a cab more than ulhujij, so ulhujij is less able to drive than zoqqcewuso
nzehxked takes a cab more than ehzcxoceoml, so ehzcxoceoml is less able to drive than nzehxked
oipilguapj takes a cab more than sihv, so sihv is less able to drive than oipilguapj
fotnxoeuw takes a cab more than vzyogc, so vzyogc is less able to drive than fotnxoeuw
bard takes a cab more than bdvbmkplme, so bdvbmkplme is less able to drive than bard
xvstm takes a cab more than frrauhhcnb, so xvstm is not less unable to drive than frrauhhcnb
hhw takes a cab more than nrs, so hhw is not less unable to drive than nrs
fjlittoowejq takes a cab more than zusrnkla, so fjlittoowejq is not less unable to drive than zusrnkla
jpngv takes a cab more than gwwzmdk, so jpngv is not less unable to drive than gwwzmdk
nericixyqtu takes a cab more than kobuz, so nericixyqtu is not less unable to drive than kobuz
frrauhhcnb takes a cab more than xvstm, so xvstm is not more unable to drive than frrauhhcnb
nrs takes a cab more than hhw, so hhw is not more unable to drive than nrs
zusrnkla takes a cab more than fjlittoowejq, so fjlittoowejq is not more unable to drive than zusrnkla
gwwzmdk takes a cab more than jpngv, so jpngv is not more unable to drive than gwwzmdk
kobuz takes a cab more than nericixyqtu, so nericixyqtu is not more unable to drive than kobuz
svgi would n't stop stopping for vbjxl, so svgi is more annoying than vbjxl
yzxd would n't stop stopping for ddxs, so yzxd is more annoying than ddxs
bqovfar would n't stop stopping for mdarju, so bqovfar is more annoying than mdarju
bjnmr would n't stop stopping for rciyvlyfg, so bjnmr is more annoying than rciyvlyfg
isxaqfwc would n't stop stopping for falixdeb, so isxaqfwc is more annoying than falixdeb
svgi would n't stop stopping for vbjxl, so vbjxl is less annoying than svgi
yzxd would n't stop stopping for ddxs, so ddxs is less annoying than yzxd
bqovfar would n't stop stopping for mdarju, so mdarju is less annoying than bqovfar
bjnmr would n't stop stopping for rciyvlyfg, so rciyvlyfg is less annoying than bjnmr
isxaqfwc would n't stop stopping for falixdeb, so falixdeb is less annoying than isxaqfwc
dqu is more annoying than vvbtapttulm, so dqu is not less annoying than vvbtapttulm
pmeeygtdt is more annoying than gvtsmnwffm, so pmeeygtdt is not less annoying than gvtsmnwffm
cksirhsqn is more annoying than pdhwreathdit, so cksirhsqn is not less annoying than pdhwreathdit
iyd is more annoying than bwgnafnshoye, so iyd is not less annoying than bwgnafnshoye
abiyet is more annoying than ubbnogrkx, so abiyet is not less annoying than ubbnogrkx
vvbtapttulm would not be more annoying than dqu, so dqu is not more annoying than vvbtapttulm
gvtsmnwffm would not be more annoying than pmeeygtdt, so pmeeygtdt is not more annoying than gvtsmnwffm
pdhwreathdit would not be more annoying than cksirhsqn, so cksirhsqn is not more annoying than pdhwreathdit
bwgnafnshoye would not be more annoying than iyd, so iyd is not more annoying than bwgnafnshoye
ubbnogrkx would not be more annoying than abiyet, so abiyet is not more annoying than ubbnogrkx
vdgdzoknm clenches another person's fists more than iqlosjgx, so vdgdzoknm is more parental than iqlosjgx
jtrosfxtc clenches another person's fists more than jnnnlldrvgvo, so jtrosfxtc is more parental than jnnnlldrvgvo
wlrfiql clenches another person's fists more than yrzqtcxqn, so wlrfiql is more parental than yrzqtcxqn
kzurylsycat clenches another person's fists more than izvqt, so kzurylsycat is more parental than izvqt
lgdbk clenches another person's fists more than nqkcap, so lgdbk is more parental than nqkcap
vdgdzoknm clenches another person's fists more than iqlosjgx, so iqlosjgx is less parental than vdgdzoknm
jtrosfxtc clenches another person's fists more than jnnnlldrvgvo, so jnnnlldrvgvo is less parental than jtrosfxtc
wlrfiql clenches another person's fists more than yrzqtcxqn, so yrzqtcxqn is less parental than wlrfiql
kzurylsycat clenches another person's fists more than izvqt, so izvqt is less parental than kzurylsycat
lgdbk clenches another person's fists more than nqkcap, so nqkcap is less parental than lgdbk
pwdscvy clenches another person's fists more than irtoas, so pwdscvy is not less parental than irtoas
wev clenches another person's fists more than uowmfyrqvwqh, so wev is not less parental than uowmfyrqvwqh
mdo clenches another person's fists more than uals, so mdo is not less parental than uals
ctaezan clenches another person's fists more than dtnyddh, so ctaezan is not less parental than dtnyddh
cdqqfbmd clenches another person's fists more than gevv, so cdqqfbmd is not less parental than gevv
irtoas clenches another person's fists more than pwdscvy, so pwdscvy is not more parental than irtoas
uowmfyrqvwqh clenches another person's fists more than wev, so wev is not more parental than uowmfyrqvwqh
uals clenches another person's fists more than mdo, so mdo is not more parental than uals
dtnyddh clenches another person's fists more than ctaezan, so ctaezan is not more parental than dtnyddh
gevv clenches another person's fists more than cdqqfbmd, so cdqqfbmd is not more parental than gevv
uvahhwwkwo washes their hands more than xtqlykj, so uvahhwwkwo is more hygenic than xtqlykj
hubhul washes their hands more than ojvglmmg, so hubhul is more hygenic than ojvglmmg
vhsyjcndqi washes their hands more than vacvoljlx, so vhsyjcndqi is more hygenic than vacvoljlx
atzh washes their hands more than suvezmpkkaxu, so atzh is more hygenic than suvezmpkkaxu
omrszupsjqp washes their hands more than xzvonb, so omrszupsjqp is more hygenic than xzvonb
uvahhwwkwo washes their hands more than xtqlykj, so xtqlykj is less hygenic than uvahhwwkwo
hubhul washes their hands more than ojvglmmg, so ojvglmmg is less hygenic than hubhul
vhsyjcndqi washes their hands more than vacvoljlx, so vacvoljlx is less hygenic than vhsyjcndqi
atzh washes their hands more than suvezmpkkaxu, so suvezmpkkaxu is less hygenic than atzh
omrszupsjqp washes their hands more than xzvonb, so xzvonb is less hygenic than omrszupsjqp
kwf washes their hands more than dgyy, so kwf is not less hygenic than dgyy
edlnau washes their hands more than youflno, so edlnau is not less hygenic than youflno
cqez washes their hands more than cvwtlnpodsfb, so cqez is not less hygenic than cvwtlnpodsfb
yrk washes their hands more than yciaknatea, so yrk is not less hygenic than yciaknatea
yjqeqqpl washes their hands more than xqc, so yjqeqqpl is not less hygenic than xqc
dgyy washes their hands more than kwf, so kwf is not more hygenic than dgyy
youflno washes their hands more than edlnau, so edlnau is not more hygenic than youflno
cvwtlnpodsfb washes their hands more than cqez, so cqez is not more hygenic than cvwtlnpodsfb
yciaknatea washes their hands more than yrk, so yrk is not more hygenic than yciaknatea
xqc washes their hands more than yjqeqqpl, so yjqeqqpl is not more hygenic than xqc
adufvf goes to the park to feed the ducks more than jhmerqkfcnxh, so adufvf is more thoughtful than jhmerqkfcnxh
cifrsdmd goes to the park to feed the ducks more than dpbn, so cifrsdmd is more thoughtful than dpbn
fcbkglqjnw goes to the park to feed the ducks more than educam, so fcbkglqjnw is more thoughtful than educam
uhmkyxofsta goes to the park to feed the ducks more than qpmorosxn, so uhmkyxofsta is more thoughtful than qpmorosxn
xsprxver goes to the park to feed the ducks more than wttq, so xsprxver is more thoughtful than wttq
adufvf goes to the park to feed the ducks more than jhmerqkfcnxh, so jhmerqkfcnxh is less thoughtful than adufvf
cifrsdmd goes to the park to feed the ducks more than dpbn, so dpbn is less thoughtful than cifrsdmd
fcbkglqjnw goes to the park to feed the ducks more than educam, so educam is less thoughtful than fcbkglqjnw
uhmkyxofsta goes to the park to feed the ducks more than qpmorosxn, so qpmorosxn is less thoughtful than uhmkyxofsta
xsprxver goes to the park to feed the ducks more than wttq, so wttq is less thoughtful than xsprxver
lyulloa goes to the park to feed the ducks more than njs, so lyulloa is not less thoughtful than njs
kzyoefhv goes to the park to feed the ducks more than yfc, so kzyoefhv is not less thoughtful than yfc
akqopk goes to the park to feed the ducks more than hanaq, so akqopk is not less thoughtful than hanaq
mvpxoybire goes to the park to feed the ducks more than dpp, so mvpxoybire is not less thoughtful than dpp
vwpwwwx goes to the park to feed the ducks more than bnnasxl, so vwpwwwx is not less thoughtful than bnnasxl
njs goes to the park to feed the ducks more than lyulloa, so lyulloa is not more thoughtful than njs
yfc goes to the park to feed the ducks more than kzyoefhv, so kzyoefhv is not more thoughtful than yfc
hanaq goes to the park to feed the ducks more than akqopk, so akqopk is not more thoughtful than hanaq
dpp goes to the park to feed the ducks more than mvpxoybire, so mvpxoybire is not more thoughtful than dpp
bnnasxl goes to the park to feed the ducks more than vwpwwwx, so vwpwwwx is not more thoughtful than bnnasxl
omzuxjwrbei searches online more than vanuky, so omzuxjwrbei is more inquisitive than vanuky
yhkerzsko searches online more than xibbkqnsntf, so yhkerzsko is more inquisitive than xibbkqnsntf
wjxsdncbibj searches online more than svawvuzvqny, so wjxsdncbibj is more inquisitive than svawvuzvqny
bxgf searches online more than owfrzd, so bxgf is more inquisitive than owfrzd
cla searches online more than ifpuubjxfgk, so cla is more inquisitive than ifpuubjxfgk
omzuxjwrbei searches online more than vanuky, so vanuky is less inquisitive than omzuxjwrbei
yhkerzsko searches online more than xibbkqnsntf, so xibbkqnsntf is less inquisitive than yhkerzsko
wjxsdncbibj searches online more than svawvuzvqny, so svawvuzvqny is less inquisitive than wjxsdncbibj
bxgf searches online more than owfrzd, so owfrzd is less inquisitive than bxgf
cla searches online more than ifpuubjxfgk, so ifpuubjxfgk is less inquisitive than cla
khcn searches online more than ggwkdrdkky, so khcn is not less inquisitive than ggwkdrdkky
ymxwvid searches online more than giprxgy, so ymxwvid is not less inquisitive than giprxgy
gwek searches online more than flezpetm, so gwek is not less inquisitive than flezpetm
myvsyiksf searches online more than xcovdeahum, so myvsyiksf is not less inquisitive than xcovdeahum
igif searches online more than idrfoznlt, so igif is not less inquisitive than idrfoznlt
ggwkdrdkky searches online more than khcn, so khcn is not less inquisitive than ggwkdrdkky
giprxgy searches online more than ymxwvid, so ymxwvid is not less inquisitive than giprxgy
flezpetm searches online more than gwek, so gwek is not less inquisitive than flezpetm
xcovdeahum searches online more than myvsyiksf, so myvsyiksf is not less inquisitive than xcovdeahum
idrfoznlt searches online more than igif, so igif is not less inquisitive than idrfoznlt
ucilqchem gets sick more than ziuwl, so ucilqchem is more weaker than ziuwl
knmpbb gets sick more than xickctdjypm, so knmpbb is more weaker than xickctdjypm
yicuwrbzexq gets sick more than kpxzcezntk, so yicuwrbzexq is more weaker than kpxzcezntk
bysuzkyzyhq gets sick more than pgylmxw, so bysuzkyzyhq is more weaker than pgylmxw
qqopgrqpitzg gets sick more than vvhicoa, so qqopgrqpitzg is more weaker than vvhicoa
ucilqchem gets sick more than ziuwl, so ziuwl is less weaker than ucilqchem
knmpbb gets sick more than xickctdjypm, so xickctdjypm is less weaker than knmpbb
yicuwrbzexq gets sick more than kpxzcezntk, so kpxzcezntk is less weaker than yicuwrbzexq
bysuzkyzyhq gets sick more than pgylmxw, so pgylmxw is less weaker than bysuzkyzyhq
qqopgrqpitzg gets sick more than vvhicoa, so vvhicoa is less weaker than qqopgrqpitzg
vpm gets sick more than hgh, so vpm is not less weaker than hgh
bkftshssd gets sick more than enjh, so bkftshssd is not less weaker than enjh
fstbtwttxso gets sick more than tfzvokn, so fstbtwttxso is not less weaker than tfzvokn
elbbavkss gets sick more than dxvq, so elbbavkss is not less weaker than dxvq
pgltwwklq gets sick more than zvbsdpzhdl, so pgltwwklq is not less weaker than zvbsdpzhdl
hgh gets sick more than vpm, so vpm is not more weaker than hgh
enjh gets sick more than bkftshssd, so bkftshssd is not more weaker than enjh
tfzvokn gets sick more than fstbtwttxso, so fstbtwttxso is not more weaker than tfzvokn
dxvq gets sick more than elbbavkss, so elbbavkss is not more weaker than dxvq
zvbsdpzhdl gets sick more than pgltwwklq, so pgltwwklq is not more weaker than zvbsdpzhdl
dhzpfrggeww buys to let more than odlvj, so dhzpfrggeww is more dutiful than odlvj
bzfsnqfdwq buys to let more than ttj, so bzfsnqfdwq is more dutiful than ttj
iyzkpzjhnyt buys to let more than cqgfdiutvfnw, so iyzkpzjhnyt is more dutiful than cqgfdiutvfnw
lfszizrjv buys to let more than lpdeznn, so lfszizrjv is more dutiful than lpdeznn
yuwafnubqbgn buys to let more than gezkcqr, so yuwafnubqbgn is more dutiful than gezkcqr
dhzpfrggeww buys to let more than odlvj, so odlvj is less dutiful than dhzpfrggeww
bzfsnqfdwq buys to let more than ttj, so ttj is less dutiful than bzfsnqfdwq
iyzkpzjhnyt buys to let more than cqgfdiutvfnw, so cqgfdiutvfnw is less dutiful than iyzkpzjhnyt
lfszizrjv buys to let more than lpdeznn, so lpdeznn is less dutiful than lfszizrjv
yuwafnubqbgn buys to let more than gezkcqr, so gezkcqr is less dutiful than yuwafnubqbgn
atwj buys to let more than nkqinbhafvd, so atwj is not less dutiful than nkqinbhafvd
itmwyyactt buys to let more than hqvhfgdqn, so itmwyyactt is not less dutiful than hqvhfgdqn
ysbjxs buys to let more than xcevcmslt, so ysbjxs is not less dutiful than xcevcmslt
lwvm buys to let more than plmtimv, so lwvm is not less dutiful than plmtimv
nqnpwkgzlcm buys to let more than tzhgjfvl, so nqnpwkgzlcm is not less dutiful than tzhgjfvl
nkqinbhafvd buys to let more than atwj, so atwj is not more dutiful than nkqinbhafvd
hqvhfgdqn buys to let more than itmwyyactt, so itmwyyactt is not more dutiful than hqvhfgdqn
xcevcmslt buys to let more than ysbjxs, so ysbjxs is not more dutiful than xcevcmslt
plmtimv buys to let more than lwvm, so lwvm is not more dutiful than plmtimv
tzhgjfvl buys to let more than nqnpwkgzlcm, so nqnpwkgzlcm is not more dutiful than tzhgjfvl
qyasjncoocee's door was immediately opened, so qyasjncoocee was more surprised than ktsvwdqxmw
adqtehydcww's door was immediately opened, so adqtehydcww was more surprised than uspejzawlutr
duxuahpnjj's door was immediately opened, so duxuahpnjj was more surprised than aevpv
lhtdguhqm's door was immediately opened, so lhtdguhqm was more surprised than wbqqj
ydjilggcc's door was immediately opened, so ydjilggcc was more surprised than irvncyjsmir
qyasjncoocee is more likely to be opened than ktsvwdqxmw, so ktsvwdqxmw is less surprised than qyasjncoocee
adqtehydcww is more likely to be opened than uspejzawlutr, so uspejzawlutr is less surprised than adqtehydcww
duxuahpnjj is more likely to be opened than aevpv, so aevpv is less surprised than duxuahpnjj
lhtdguhqm is more likely to be opened than wbqqj, so wbqqj is less surprised than lhtdguhqm
ydjilggcc is more likely to be opened than irvncyjsmir, so irvncyjsmir is less surprised than ydjilggcc
ucrui is more immediately opened than ymej, so ucrui is not less surprised than ymej
kqeqycaf is more immediately opened than shcisuokdk, so kqeqycaf is not less surprised than shcisuokdk
ebxguxdd is more immediately opened than piavfowlf, so ebxguxdd is not less surprised than piavfowlf
jnjhp is more immediately opened than eklsanuxdv, so jnjhp is not less surprised than eklsanuxdv
gyiqlfvsf is more immediately opened than njxq, so gyiqlfvsf is not less surprised than njxq
ymej's door was immediately opened, so ucrui is not more surprised than ymej
shcisuokdk's door was immediately opened, so kqeqycaf is not more surprised than shcisuokdk
piavfowlf's door was immediately opened, so ebxguxdd is not more surprised than piavfowlf
eklsanuxdv's door was immediately opened, so jnjhp is not more surprised than eklsanuxdv
njxq's door was immediately opened, so gyiqlfvsf is not more surprised than njxq
rfjm lets their friends more than wtjlsjam, so rfjm is more kind than wtjlsjam
bxopqalgqydw lets their friends more than krzcezjwp, so bxopqalgqydw is more kind than krzcezjwp
iyjo lets their friends more than xqp, so iyjo is more kind than xqp
tiwsoxonzpni lets their friends more than usjvenfcw, so tiwsoxonzpni is more kind than usjvenfcw
yyhquesfui lets their friends more than gkthh, so yyhquesfui is more kind than gkthh
rfjm lets their friends more than wtjlsjam, so wtjlsjam is less kind than rfjm
bxopqalgqydw lets their friends more than krzcezjwp, so krzcezjwp is less kind than bxopqalgqydw
iyjo lets their friends more than xqp, so xqp is less kind than iyjo
tiwsoxonzpni lets their friends more than usjvenfcw, so usjvenfcw is less kind than tiwsoxonzpni
yyhquesfui lets their friends more than gkthh, so gkthh is less kind than yyhquesfui
fohcenqga lets their friends more than zoqmceiso, so fohcenqga is not less kind than zoqmceiso
sgexos lets their friends more than qmktarl, so sgexos is not less kind than qmktarl
jfrwbohy lets their friends more than oioytx, so jfrwbohy is not less kind than oioytx
zqacl lets their friends more than vtgyeniwlc, so zqacl is not less kind than vtgyeniwlc
mnq lets their friends more than xpwkmtcwvhbe, so mnq is not less kind than xpwkmtcwvhbe
zoqmceiso lets their friends more than fohcenqga, so fohcenqga is not more kind than zoqmceiso
qmktarl lets their friends more than sgexos, so sgexos is not more kind than qmktarl
oioytx lets their friends more than jfrwbohy, so jfrwbohy is not more kind than oioytx
vtgyeniwlc lets their friends more than zqacl, so zqacl is not more kind than vtgyeniwlc
xpwkmtcwvhbe lets their friends more than mnq, so mnq is not more kind than xpwkmtcwvhbe
nzfvkmr becomes stronger than bvbinwnfit, so nzfvkmr is more hardworking than bvbinwnfit
ipwsth becomes stronger than isyaj, so ipwsth is more hardworking than isyaj
rlxatfoqyqg becomes stronger than wgn, so rlxatfoqyqg is more hardworking than wgn
ysivhmsgu becomes stronger than jrtd, so ysivhmsgu is more hardworking than jrtd
tnpfqhjx becomes stronger than xhdzcliijg, so tnpfqhjx is more hardworking than xhdzcliijg
nzfvkmr becomes stronger than bvbinwnfit, so bvbinwnfit is less hardworking than nzfvkmr
ipwsth becomes stronger than isyaj, so isyaj is less hardworking than ipwsth
rlxatfoqyqg becomes stronger than wgn, so wgn is less hardworking than rlxatfoqyqg
ysivhmsgu becomes stronger than jrtd, so jrtd is less hardworking than ysivhmsgu
tnpfqhjx becomes stronger than xhdzcliijg, so xhdzcliijg is less hardworking than tnpfqhjx
fyd becomes stronger than qbldbogbttw, so fyd is not less hardworking than qbldbogbttw
aqrq becomes stronger than shxtlowbin, so aqrq is not less hardworking than shxtlowbin
zhc becomes stronger than enszsm, so zhc is not less hardworking than enszsm
emfpcayfq becomes stronger than vlig, so emfpcayfq is not less hardworking than vlig
tnyrnafhdn becomes stronger than qcvun, so tnyrnafhdn is not less hardworking than qcvun
qbldbogbttw becomes stronger than fyd, so fyd is not more hardworking than qbldbogbttw
shxtlowbin becomes stronger than aqrq, so aqrq is not more hardworking than shxtlowbin
enszsm becomes stronger than zhc, so zhc is not more hardworking than enszsm
vlig becomes stronger than emfpcayfq, so emfpcayfq is not more hardworking than vlig
qcvun becomes stronger than tnyrnafhdn, so tnyrnafhdn is not more hardworking than qcvun
xpvnuplztdff decides to run for president more than oyi, so xpvnuplztdff is more hard working than oyi
bojh decides to run for president more than rfwqdvkkm, so bojh is more hard working than rfwqdvkkm
ghw decides to run for president more than expucaetndwy, so ghw is more hard working than expucaetndwy
kss decides to run for president more than szlu, so kss is more hard working than szlu
bvnnah decides to run for president more than ttilnegubk, so bvnnah is more hard working than ttilnegubk
xpvnuplztdff decides to run for president more than oyi, so oyi is less hard working than xpvnuplztdff
bojh decides to run for president more than rfwqdvkkm, so rfwqdvkkm is less hard working than bojh
ghw decides to run for president more than expucaetndwy, so expucaetndwy is less hard working than ghw
kss decides to run for president more than szlu, so szlu is less hard working than kss
bvnnah decides to run for president more than ttilnegubk, so ttilnegubk is less hard working than bvnnah
wojfulehd decides to run for president more than edamjrja, so wojfulehd is not less hard working than edamjrja
lmqpoiwcf decides to run for president more than zqlzvxefetry, so lmqpoiwcf is not less hard working than zqlzvxefetry
janhaqsof decides to run for president more than lmodswtawq, so janhaqsof is not less hard working than lmodswtawq
yyw decides to run for president more than umohkgwr, so yyw is not less hard working than umohkgwr
hthxtjq decides to run for president more than ycksqrt, so hthxtjq is not less hard working than ycksqrt
edamjrja decides to run for president more than wojfulehd, so wojfulehd is not more hard working than edamjrja
zqlzvxefetry decides to run for president more than lmqpoiwcf, so lmqpoiwcf is not more hard working than zqlzvxefetry
lmodswtawq decides to run for president more than janhaqsof, so janhaqsof is not more hard working than lmodswtawq
umohkgwr decides to run for president more than yyw, so yyw is not more hard working than umohkgwr
ycksqrt decides to run for president more than hthxtjq, so hthxtjq is not more hard working than ycksqrt
qsmtseaqlm moves their furniture more than sngjgtzuihly, so qsmtseaqlm is more hardworking than sngjgtzuihly
fwacltcgett moves their furniture more than ixjxacdx, so fwacltcgett is more hardworking than ixjxacdx
vnqribxty moves their furniture more than xzhpmf, so vnqribxty is more hardworking than xzhpmf
zwxmw moves their furniture more than udfrbl, so zwxmw is more hardworking than udfrbl
juypcawef moves their furniture more than eepf, so juypcawef is more hardworking than eepf
qsmtseaqlm moves their furniture more than sngjgtzuihly, so sngjgtzuihly is less hardworking than qsmtseaqlm
fwacltcgett moves their furniture more than ixjxacdx, so ixjxacdx is less hardworking than fwacltcgett
vnqribxty moves their furniture more than xzhpmf, so xzhpmf is less hardworking than vnqribxty
zwxmw moves their furniture more than udfrbl, so udfrbl is less hardworking than zwxmw
juypcawef moves their furniture more than eepf, so eepf is less hardworking than juypcawef
tkt moves their furniture more than daryjdazem, so tkt is not less hardworking than daryjdazem
vlyztcap moves their furniture more than xcuqegjqwnv, so vlyztcap is not less hardworking than xcuqegjqwnv
mrg moves their furniture more than olrrszpdfskt, so mrg is not less hardworking than olrrszpdfskt
bixefwsjvowr moves their furniture more than gerudogv, so bixefwsjvowr is not less hardworking than gerudogv
yhop moves their furniture more than wquwzvctlr, so yhop is not less hardworking than wquwzvctlr
daryjdazem moves their furniture more than tkt, so tkt is not more hardworking than daryjdazem
xcuqegjqwnv moves their furniture more than vlyztcap, so vlyztcap is not more hardworking than xcuqegjqwnv
olrrszpdfskt moves their furniture more than mrg, so mrg is not more hardworking than olrrszpdfskt
gerudogv moves their furniture more than bixefwsjvowr, so bixefwsjvowr is not more hardworking than gerudogv
wquwzvctlr moves their furniture more than yhop, so yhop is not more hardworking than wquwzvctlr
mqfdoxafwi puts another person to work more than lmeicij, so mqfdoxafwi is more demanding than lmeicij
wrie puts another person to work more than nly, so wrie is more demanding than nly
nugb puts another person to work more than jbwdlwtyvy, so nugb is more demanding than jbwdlwtyvy
kfqcnzns puts another person to work more than ovzirwxnxxdt, so kfqcnzns is more demanding than ovzirwxnxxdt
jtaoumavok puts another person to work more than uzgirpejmm, so jtaoumavok is more demanding than uzgirpejmm
mqfdoxafwi puts another person to work more than lmeicij, so lmeicij is less demanding than mqfdoxafwi
wrie puts another person to work more than nly, so nly is less demanding than wrie
nugb puts another person to work more than jbwdlwtyvy, so jbwdlwtyvy is less demanding than nugb
kfqcnzns puts another person to work more than ovzirwxnxxdt, so ovzirwxnxxdt is less demanding than kfqcnzns
jtaoumavok puts another person to work more than uzgirpejmm, so uzgirpejmm is less demanding than jtaoumavok
toponyat puts another person to work more than ldatb, so toponyat is not less demanding than ldatb
bndcrt puts another person to work more than tyefremgtg, so bndcrt is not less demanding than tyefremgtg
nnndmvvq puts another person to work more than unjkmgcftwr, so nnndmvvq is not less demanding than unjkmgcftwr
tkn puts another person to work more than ttezzhoqrw, so tkn is not less demanding than ttezzhoqrw
grittpyhx puts another person to work more than fmrujufkml, so grittpyhx is not less demanding than fmrujufkml
ldatb puts another person to work more than toponyat, so toponyat is not more demanding than ldatb
tyefremgtg puts another person to work more than bndcrt, so bndcrt is not more demanding than tyefremgtg
unjkmgcftwr puts another person to work more than nnndmvvq, so nnndmvvq is not more demanding than unjkmgcftwr
ttezzhoqrw puts another person to work more than tkn, so tkn is not more demanding than ttezzhoqrw
fmrujufkml puts another person to work more than grittpyhx, so grittpyhx is not more demanding than fmrujufkml
ipt has gotten lost more than woqvzjkgy, so ipt is more disoriented than woqvzjkgy
tlhglbexu has gotten lost more than dadlbxmdmk, so tlhglbexu is more disoriented than dadlbxmdmk
jytyfzpdud has gotten lost more than zvhdoxa, so jytyfzpdud is more disoriented than zvhdoxa
coe has gotten lost more than qmt, so coe is more disoriented than qmt
mor has gotten lost more than ocbfjpillf, so mor is more disoriented than ocbfjpillf
ipt has gotten lost more than woqvzjkgy, so woqvzjkgy is less disoriented than ipt
tlhglbexu has gotten lost more than dadlbxmdmk, so dadlbxmdmk is less disoriented than tlhglbexu
jytyfzpdud has gotten lost more than zvhdoxa, so zvhdoxa is less disoriented than jytyfzpdud
coe has gotten lost more than qmt, so qmt is less disoriented than coe
mor has gotten lost more than ocbfjpillf, so ocbfjpillf is less disoriented than mor
cqixwp has gotten lost more than njyuktqqsav, so cqixwp is not less disoriented than njyuktqqsav
jlpcuya has gotten lost more than kakyuwwok, so jlpcuya is not less disoriented than kakyuwwok
ecsqndkymvdz has gotten lost more than yrpcxf, so ecsqndkymvdz is not less disoriented than yrpcxf
orjl has gotten lost more than iyv, so orjl is not less disoriented than iyv
owxp has gotten lost more than npli, so owxp is not less disoriented than npli
njyuktqqsav has gotten lost more than cqixwp, so cqixwp is not more disoriented than njyuktqqsav
kakyuwwok has gotten lost more than jlpcuya, so jlpcuya is not more disoriented than kakyuwwok
yrpcxf has gotten lost more than ecsqndkymvdz, so ecsqndkymvdz is not more disoriented than yrpcxf
iyv has gotten lost more than orjl, so orjl is not more disoriented than iyv
npli has gotten lost more than owxp, so owxp is not more disoriented than npli
rlsewhipm makes millions more than ahvldte, so rlsewhipm is more wealthy than ahvldte
nbayvvu makes millions more than azyaopzahz, so nbayvvu is more wealthy than azyaopzahz
mrzjmp makes millions more than cqurjhvw, so mrzjmp is more wealthy than cqurjhvw
rffnfxilbq makes millions more than uofhifymo, so rffnfxilbq is more wealthy than uofhifymo
zqcpnztd makes millions more than keuifwuugaux, so zqcpnztd is more wealthy than keuifwuugaux
rlsewhipm makes millions more than ahvldte, so ahvldte is less wealthy than rlsewhipm
nbayvvu makes millions more than azyaopzahz, so azyaopzahz is less wealthy than nbayvvu
mrzjmp makes millions more than cqurjhvw, so cqurjhvw is less wealthy than mrzjmp
rffnfxilbq makes millions more than uofhifymo, so uofhifymo is less wealthy than rffnfxilbq
zqcpnztd makes millions more than keuifwuugaux, so keuifwuugaux is less wealthy than zqcpnztd
gykz makes millions more than tfsem, so gykz is not less wealthy than tfsem
vartwdcz makes millions more than nzvl, so vartwdcz is not less wealthy than nzvl
lmraed makes millions more than dnlhwbvp, so lmraed is not less wealthy than dnlhwbvp
buxjvbawxoe makes millions more than nuqc, so buxjvbawxoe is not less wealthy than nuqc
ljmkng makes millions more than dztjiinwgy, so ljmkng is not less wealthy than dztjiinwgy
tfsem makes millions more than gykz, so gykz is not more wealthy than tfsem
nzvl makes millions more than vartwdcz, so vartwdcz is not more wealthy than nzvl
dnlhwbvp makes millions more than lmraed, so lmraed is not more wealthy than dnlhwbvp
nuqc makes millions more than buxjvbawxoe, so buxjvbawxoe is not more wealthy than nuqc
dztjiinwgy makes millions more than ljmkng, so ljmkng is not more wealthy than dztjiinwgy
ybo stops talking to another person more than yxohpoajm, so ybo is more mute than yxohpoajm
chqjf stops talking to another person more than tcwm, so chqjf is more mute than tcwm
lxpow stops talking to another person more than qwwd, so lxpow is more mute than qwwd
tshrbz stops talking to another person more than neg, so tshrbz is more mute than neg
ysvttpzatvl stops talking to another person more than qcqusqdmhisx, so ysvttpzatvl is more mute than qcqusqdmhisx
ybo stops talking to another person more than yxohpoajm, so yxohpoajm is less mute than ybo
chqjf stops talking to another person more than tcwm, so tcwm is less mute than chqjf
lxpow stops talking to another person more than qwwd, so qwwd is less mute than lxpow
tshrbz stops talking to another person more than neg, so neg is less mute than tshrbz
ysvttpzatvl stops talking to another person more than qcqusqdmhisx, so qcqusqdmhisx is less mute than ysvttpzatvl
tjtcc stops talking to another person more than ihcozbfxinb, so tjtcc is not less mute than ihcozbfxinb
yiomdbjzzvjc stops talking to another person more than sfsahhgoya, so yiomdbjzzvjc is not less mute than sfsahhgoya
zcejfh stops talking to another person more than thf, so zcejfh is not less mute than thf
cpwrkex stops talking to another person more than xcfcictabz, so cpwrkex is not less mute than xcfcictabz
cyohmbvyf stops talking to another person more than otfjclgb, so cyohmbvyf is not less mute than otfjclgb
ihcozbfxinb stops talking to another person more than tjtcc, so tjtcc is not more mute than ihcozbfxinb
sfsahhgoya stops talking to another person more than yiomdbjzzvjc, so yiomdbjzzvjc is not more mute than sfsahhgoya
thf stops talking to another person more than zcejfh, so zcejfh is not more mute than thf
xcfcictabz stops talking to another person more than cpwrkex, so cpwrkex is not more mute than xcfcictabz
otfjclgb stops talking to another person more than cyohmbvyf, so cyohmbvyf is not more mute than otfjclgb
olpgrwfmzn kisses another person on both cheeks more than vuaiyycucym, so olpgrwfmzn is more loving than vuaiyycucym
gnbghqpoa kisses another person on both cheeks more than laqvdrt, so gnbghqpoa is more loving than laqvdrt
nxkbntf kisses another person on both cheeks more than ene, so nxkbntf is more loving than ene
kuyiazfb kisses another person on both cheeks more than cwj, so kuyiazfb is more loving than cwj
yfuzqnao kisses another person on both cheeks more than mbfdxtngyby, so yfuzqnao is more loving than mbfdxtngyby
olpgrwfmzn kisses another person on both cheeks more than vuaiyycucym, so vuaiyycucym is less loving than olpgrwfmzn
gnbghqpoa kisses another person on both cheeks more than laqvdrt, so laqvdrt is less loving than gnbghqpoa
nxkbntf kisses another person on both cheeks more than ene, so ene is less loving than nxkbntf
kuyiazfb kisses another person on both cheeks more than cwj, so cwj is less loving than kuyiazfb
yfuzqnao kisses another person on both cheeks more than mbfdxtngyby, so mbfdxtngyby is less loving than yfuzqnao
qgyoxfzdkh kisses another person on both cheeks more than swruobz, so qgyoxfzdkh is not less loving than swruobz
zvpa kisses another person on both cheeks more than jjh, so zvpa is not less loving than jjh
wpungs kisses another person on both cheeks more than rfzhxsko, so wpungs is not less loving than rfzhxsko
ltar kisses another person on both cheeks more than syluhjkfs, so ltar is not less loving than syluhjkfs
mahfvudv kisses another person on both cheeks more than iplv, so mahfvudv is not less loving than iplv
swruobz kisses another person on both cheeks more than qgyoxfzdkh, so qgyoxfzdkh is not more loving than swruobz
jjh kisses another person on both cheeks more than zvpa, so zvpa is not more loving than jjh
rfzhxsko kisses another person on both cheeks more than wpungs, so wpungs is not more loving than rfzhxsko
syluhjkfs kisses another person on both cheeks more than ltar, so ltar is not more loving than syluhjkfs
iplv kisses another person on both cheeks more than mahfvudv, so mahfvudv is not more loving than iplv
gdpz brings pressure to bear more than erjxc, so gdpz is more hardworking than erjxc
ylo brings pressure to bear more than rrdrjen, so ylo is more hardworking than rrdrjen
phhk brings pressure to bear more than cpaqqohjrmg, so phhk is more hardworking than cpaqqohjrmg
nblrw brings pressure to bear more than eyu, so nblrw is more hardworking than eyu
ofedntbdqcqt brings pressure to bear more than tiveqwt, so ofedntbdqcqt is more hardworking than tiveqwt
gdpz brings pressure to bear more than erjxc, so erjxc is less hardworking than gdpz
ylo brings pressure to bear more than rrdrjen, so rrdrjen is less hardworking than ylo
phhk brings pressure to bear more than cpaqqohjrmg, so cpaqqohjrmg is less hardworking than phhk
nblrw brings pressure to bear more than eyu, so eyu is less hardworking than nblrw
ofedntbdqcqt brings pressure to bear more than tiveqwt, so tiveqwt is less hardworking than ofedntbdqcqt
rzeynfubvq brings pressure to bear more than rshzdnq, so rzeynfubvq is not less hardworking than rshzdnq
hevpgsi brings pressure to bear more than jrbwq, so hevpgsi is not less hardworking than jrbwq
ibzlbv brings pressure to bear more than nvhnomejzk, so ibzlbv is not less hardworking than nvhnomejzk
hebp brings pressure to bear more than cwrinmiazz, so hebp is not less hardworking than cwrinmiazz
fmenw brings pressure to bear more than fijxbx, so fmenw is not less hardworking than fijxbx
rshzdnq brings pressure to bear more than rzeynfubvq, so rzeynfubvq is not more hardworking than rshzdnq
jrbwq brings pressure to bear more than hevpgsi, so hevpgsi is not more hardworking than jrbwq
nvhnomejzk brings pressure to bear more than ibzlbv, so ibzlbv is not more hardworking than nvhnomejzk
cwrinmiazz brings pressure to bear more than hebp, so hebp is not more hardworking than cwrinmiazz
fijxbx brings pressure to bear more than fmenw, so fmenw is not more hardworking than fijxbx
tdzxcwm performs their function more than pirt, so tdzxcwm is more hardworking than pirt
iliojpat performs their function more than dnznypxn, so iliojpat is more hardworking than dnznypxn
npprjamxclx performs their function more than yqk, so npprjamxclx is more hardworking than yqk
esvcnluychr performs their function more than atfysdchsagz, so esvcnluychr is more hardworking than atfysdchsagz
uuevctitehq performs their function more than dyvkzlqwp, so uuevctitehq is more hardworking than dyvkzlqwp
tdzxcwm performs their function more than pirt, so pirt is less hardworking than tdzxcwm
iliojpat performs their function more than dnznypxn, so dnznypxn is less hardworking than iliojpat
npprjamxclx performs their function more than yqk, so yqk is less hardworking than npprjamxclx
esvcnluychr performs their function more than atfysdchsagz, so atfysdchsagz is less hardworking than esvcnluychr
uuevctitehq performs their function more than dyvkzlqwp, so dyvkzlqwp is less hardworking than uuevctitehq
bbqg performs their function more than ftzdjxodsg, so bbqg is not less hardworking than ftzdjxodsg
mxnnxmu performs their function more than zsclvotri, so mxnnxmu is not less hardworking than zsclvotri
tmozlhfwd performs their function more than imqgvoztwrg, so tmozlhfwd is not less hardworking than imqgvoztwrg
fwiedoisygk performs their function more than kmariyp, so fwiedoisygk is not less hardworking than kmariyp
pqfctf performs their function more than ioevussqpm, so pqfctf is not less hardworking than ioevussqpm
ftzdjxodsg performs their function more than bbqg, so bbqg is not more hardworking than ftzdjxodsg
zsclvotri performs their function more than mxnnxmu, so mxnnxmu is not more hardworking than zsclvotri
imqgvoztwrg performs their function more than tmozlhfwd, so tmozlhfwd is not more hardworking than imqgvoztwrg
kmariyp performs their function more than fwiedoisygk, so fwiedoisygk is not more hardworking than kmariyp
ioevussqpm performs their function more than pqfctf, so pqfctf is not more hardworking than ioevussqpm
ojn catches another person napping more than bznulelssgvl, so ojn is more skilled than bznulelssgvl
kxxjsjetq catches another person napping more than rhelflamiags, so kxxjsjetq is more skilled than rhelflamiags
ihubynlla catches another person napping more than goaltnik, so ihubynlla is more skilled than goaltnik
ijvaydjnz catches another person napping more than fmsaqb, so ijvaydjnz is more skilled than fmsaqb
tdhwanelorg catches another person napping more than yesvjpkv, so tdhwanelorg is more skilled than yesvjpkv
ojn catches another person napping more than bznulelssgvl, so bznulelssgvl is less skilled than ojn
kxxjsjetq catches another person napping more than rhelflamiags, so rhelflamiags is less skilled than kxxjsjetq
ihubynlla catches another person napping more than goaltnik, so goaltnik is less skilled than ihubynlla
ijvaydjnz catches another person napping more than fmsaqb, so fmsaqb is less skilled than ijvaydjnz
tdhwanelorg catches another person napping more than yesvjpkv, so yesvjpkv is less skilled than tdhwanelorg
lau catches another person napping more than rmtkwppdhhl, so lau is not less skilled than rmtkwppdhhl
kvght catches another person napping more than pgwdoa, so kvght is not less skilled than pgwdoa
llfz catches another person napping more than uomwhioxl, so llfz is not less skilled than uomwhioxl
xkztcrskblew catches another person napping more than rblbxgfglsvb, so xkztcrskblew is not less skilled than rblbxgfglsvb
uhn catches another person napping more than cibxeanx, so uhn is not less skilled than cibxeanx
rmtkwppdhhl catches another person napping more than lau, so lau is not more skilled than rmtkwppdhhl
pgwdoa catches another person napping more than kvght, so kvght is not more skilled than pgwdoa
uomwhioxl catches another person napping more than llfz, so llfz is not more skilled than uomwhioxl
rblbxgfglsvb catches another person napping more than xkztcrskblew, so xkztcrskblew is not more skilled than rblbxgfglsvb
cibxeanx catches another person napping more than uhn, so uhn is not more skilled than cibxeanx
zcmktgu makes coffee more than awtqt, so zcmktgu is more drowsy than awtqt
xfhc makes coffee more than tnsjfrcjms, so xfhc is more drowsy than tnsjfrcjms
pasyjisocm makes coffee more than dtstlsmof, so pasyjisocm is more drowsy than dtstlsmof
sbtokbht makes coffee more than koskkackfi, so sbtokbht is more drowsy than koskkackfi
yjuitl makes coffee more than iggc, so yjuitl is more drowsy than iggc
zcmktgu makes coffee more than awtqt, so awtqt is more drowsy than zcmktgu
xfhc makes coffee more than tnsjfrcjms, so tnsjfrcjms is more drowsy than xfhc
pasyjisocm makes coffee more than dtstlsmof, so dtstlsmof is more drowsy than pasyjisocm
sbtokbht makes coffee more than koskkackfi, so koskkackfi is more drowsy than sbtokbht
yjuitl makes coffee more than iggc, so iggc is more drowsy than yjuitl
dnxhnoudgxu makes coffee more than tzg, so dnxhnoudgxu is not more drowsy than tzg
qglgekfb makes coffee more than djbbixapaznp, so qglgekfb is not more drowsy than djbbixapaznp
mkhdhzayf makes coffee more than dlyicjgq, so mkhdhzayf is not more drowsy than dlyicjgq
akcf makes coffee more than njrch, so akcf is not more drowsy than njrch
amivqi makes coffee more than vtmkaaaeh, so amivqi is not more drowsy than vtmkaaaeh
tzg makes coffee more than dnxhnoudgxu, so dnxhnoudgxu is not more drowsy than tzg
djbbixapaznp makes coffee more than qglgekfb, so qglgekfb is not more drowsy than djbbixapaznp
dlyicjgq makes coffee more than mkhdhzayf, so mkhdhzayf is not more drowsy than dlyicjgq
njrch makes coffee more than akcf, so akcf is not more drowsy than njrch
vtmkaaaeh makes coffee more than amivqi, so amivqi is not more drowsy than vtmkaaaeh
lufbjnlvq has another person by the short hairs more than mgt, so lufbjnlvq is more mean than mgt
ysyaslpisgny has another person by the short hairs more than jzdr, so ysyaslpisgny is more mean than jzdr
jjikbuyl has another person by the short hairs more than dzbmssqm, so jjikbuyl is more mean than dzbmssqm
chrrpkrlr has another person by the short hairs more than kdr, so chrrpkrlr is more mean than kdr
mmafd has another person by the short hairs more than diapya, so mmafd is more mean than diapya
lufbjnlvq has another person by the short hairs more than mgt, so mgt is less mean than lufbjnlvq
ysyaslpisgny has another person by the short hairs more than jzdr, so jzdr is less mean than ysyaslpisgny
jjikbuyl has another person by the short hairs more than dzbmssqm, so dzbmssqm is less mean than jjikbuyl
chrrpkrlr has another person by the short hairs more than kdr, so kdr is less mean than chrrpkrlr
mmafd has another person by the short hairs more than diapya, so diapya is less mean than mmafd
tzneroey has another person by the short hairs more than ybqabvdrqf, so tzneroey is not less mean than ybqabvdrqf
etmvyensulpr has another person by the short hairs more than tlhkit, so etmvyensulpr is not less mean than tlhkit
shdeexvpv has another person by the short hairs more than otbj, so shdeexvpv is not less mean than otbj
tsrjxiqenh has another person by the short hairs more than frpjcnoxwink, so tsrjxiqenh is not less mean than frpjcnoxwink
ymljaxffuoyz has another person by the short hairs more than hhmqcsby, so ymljaxffuoyz is not less mean than hhmqcsby
ybqabvdrqf has another person by the short hairs more than tzneroey, so tzneroey is not more mean than ybqabvdrqf
tlhkit has another person by the short hairs more than etmvyensulpr, so etmvyensulpr is not more mean than tlhkit
otbj has another person by the short hairs more than shdeexvpv, so shdeexvpv is not more mean than otbj
frpjcnoxwink has another person by the short hairs more than tsrjxiqenh, so tsrjxiqenh is not more mean than frpjcnoxwink
hhmqcsby has another person by the short hairs more than ymljaxffuoyz, so ymljaxffuoyz is not more mean than hhmqcsby
pgvujl is really shy, mqwg is not, so pgvujl is more meak than mqwg
zsfuvapevb is really shy, rbsaxmmb is not, so zsfuvapevb is more meak than rbsaxmmb
cccmupfw is really shy, rabbpaceprk is not, so cccmupfw is more meak than rabbpaceprk
exicz is really shy, hcfgvkufrv is not, so exicz is more meak than hcfgvkufrv
pbtmvl is really shy, xev is not, so pbtmvl is more meak than xev
pgvujl is really shy, mqwg is less shy than pgvujl, so mqwg is less meak than pgvujl
zsfuvapevb is really shy, rbsaxmmb is less shy than zsfuvapevb, so rbsaxmmb is less meak than zsfuvapevb
cccmupfw is really shy, rabbpaceprk is less shy than cccmupfw, so rabbpaceprk is less meak than cccmupfw
exicz is really shy, hcfgvkufrv is less shy than exicz, so hcfgvkufrv is less meak than exicz
pbtmvl is really shy, xev is less shy than pbtmvl, so xev is less meak than pbtmvl
ktofwgi is really shy more than bvuoidvu, so ktofwgi is not less meak than bvuoidvu
riskzqkyhjig is really shy more than rchkrzhnyp, so riskzqkyhjig is not less meak than rchkrzhnyp
gawxccqdlpq is really shy more than zfqkmekhyrjn, so gawxccqdlpq is not less meak than zfqkmekhyrjn
nulsohk is really shy more than rsskycigi, so nulsohk is not less meak than rsskycigi
ddxlthq is really shy more than gaalo, so ddxlthq is not less meak than gaalo
bvuoidvu is really shy, ktofwgi is not more shy than bvuoidvu, so ktofwgi is not more meak than bvuoidvu
rchkrzhnyp is really shy, riskzqkyhjig is not more shy than rchkrzhnyp, so riskzqkyhjig is not more meak than rchkrzhnyp
zfqkmekhyrjn is really shy, gawxccqdlpq is not more shy than zfqkmekhyrjn, so gawxccqdlpq is not more meak than zfqkmekhyrjn
rsskycigi is really shy, nulsohk is not more shy than rsskycigi, so nulsohk is not more meak than rsskycigi
gaalo is really shy, ddxlthq is not more shy than gaalo, so ddxlthq is not more meak than gaalo
gsjhelemrpiu does a terrible job, yerqedtj does a terrible job, so gsjhelemrpiu is more inadequate than yerqedtj
snpen does a terrible job, thjjpkdvo does a terrible job, so snpen is more inadequate than thjjpkdvo
nwh does a terrible job, kkrchrwltoay does a terrible job, so nwh is more inadequate than kkrchrwltoay
zjc does a terrible job, oojli does a terrible job, so zjc is more inadequate than oojli
wggygmyhxt does a terrible job, pmwixas does a terrible job, so wggygmyhxt is more inadequate than pmwixas
gsjhelemrpiu does a terrible job while yerqedtj does a terrible job, so yerqedtj is less inadequate than gsjhelemrpiu
snpen does a terrible job while thjjpkdvo does a terrible job, so thjjpkdvo is less inadequate than snpen
nwh does a terrible job while kkrchrwltoay does a terrible job, so kkrchrwltoay is less inadequate than nwh
zjc does a terrible job while oojli does a terrible job, so oojli is less inadequate than zjc
wggygmyhxt does a terrible job while pmwixas does a terrible job, so pmwixas is less inadequate than wggygmyhxt
ptcpk does a terrible job while foh does not, so ptcpk is not less inadequate than foh
ubwnigxxyubt does a terrible job while lhtv does not, so ubwnigxxyubt is not less inadequate than lhtv
paoxonmalvsm does a terrible job while pnvbyvakbb does not, so paoxonmalvsm is not less inadequate than pnvbyvakbb
ovrxem does a terrible job while jlm does not, so ovrxem is not less inadequate than jlm
akwzwtzfkr does a terrible job while ptpru does not, so akwzwtzfkr is not less inadequate than ptpru
foh does a terrible job while ptcpk does not, so ptcpk is not more inadequate than foh
lhtv does a terrible job while ubwnigxxyubt does not, so ubwnigxxyubt is not more inadequate than lhtv
pnvbyvakbb does a terrible job while paoxonmalvsm does not, so paoxonmalvsm is not more inadequate than pnvbyvakbb
jlm does a terrible job while ovrxem does not, so ovrxem is not more inadequate than jlm
ptpru does a terrible job while akwzwtzfkr does not, so akwzwtzfkr is not more inadequate than ptpru
snikcm celebrates halloween more than bzrcakrhk, so snikcm is more careing than bzrcakrhk
zlfeqhefy celebrates halloween more than myacnhumb, so zlfeqhefy is more careing than myacnhumb
mctnn celebrates halloween more than qbi, so mctnn is more careing than qbi
bvpmrid celebrates halloween more than eicddh, so bvpmrid is more careing than eicddh
hygdbsdj celebrates halloween more than dbbrpr, so hygdbsdj is more careing than dbbrpr
snikcm celebrates halloween more than bzrcakrhk, so bzrcakrhk is less careing than snikcm
zlfeqhefy celebrates halloween more than myacnhumb, so myacnhumb is less careing than zlfeqhefy
mctnn celebrates halloween more than qbi, so qbi is less careing than mctnn
bvpmrid celebrates halloween more than eicddh, so eicddh is less careing than bvpmrid
hygdbsdj celebrates halloween more than dbbrpr, so dbbrpr is less careing than hygdbsdj
ycqnnag celebrates halloween more than rsceowfdutyf, so ycqnnag is not less careing than rsceowfdutyf
sonpvbyrlyxj celebrates halloween more than qmrxlr, so sonpvbyrlyxj is not less careing than qmrxlr
hctcjpj celebrates halloween more than jvme, so hctcjpj is not less careing than jvme
oneanzjyxlq celebrates halloween more than oaoorvddl, so oneanzjyxlq is not less careing than oaoorvddl
spmmlwnwfg celebrates halloween more than pkmbphj, so spmmlwnwfg is not less careing than pkmbphj
rsceowfdutyf celebrates halloween more than ycqnnag, so ycqnnag is not more careing than rsceowfdutyf
qmrxlr celebrates halloween more than sonpvbyrlyxj, so sonpvbyrlyxj is not more careing than qmrxlr
jvme celebrates halloween more than hctcjpj, so hctcjpj is not more careing than jvme
oaoorvddl celebrates halloween more than oneanzjyxlq, so oneanzjyxlq is not more careing than oaoorvddl
pkmbphj celebrates halloween more than spmmlwnwfg, so spmmlwnwfg is not more careing than pkmbphj
jpxfz goes everywhere more than ziip, so jpxfz is more adventurous than ziip
foqk goes everywhere more than ywhtfuzomn, so foqk is more adventurous than ywhtfuzomn
lia goes everywhere more than nifmasxa, so lia is more adventurous than nifmasxa
yuzagm goes everywhere more than unrflg, so yuzagm is more adventurous than unrflg
hipkfagyt goes everywhere more than xeilzevomzc, so hipkfagyt is more adventurous than xeilzevomzc
jpxfz goes everywhere more than ziip, so ziip is less adventurous than jpxfz
foqk goes everywhere more than ywhtfuzomn, so ywhtfuzomn is less adventurous than foqk
lia goes everywhere more than nifmasxa, so nifmasxa is less adventurous than lia
yuzagm goes everywhere more than unrflg, so unrflg is less adventurous than yuzagm
hipkfagyt goes everywhere more than xeilzevomzc, so xeilzevomzc is less adventurous than hipkfagyt
qju goes everywhere more than vkps, so qju is not less adventurous than vkps
yqcxitdo goes everywhere more than xium, so yqcxitdo is not less adventurous than xium
vwtmfojie goes everywhere more than tqspvkhijyt, so vwtmfojie is not less adventurous than tqspvkhijyt
smjlg goes everywhere more than lbvexiinpusv, so smjlg is not less adventurous than lbvexiinpusv
wlhl goes everywhere more than zzkmuifmjqs, so wlhl is not less adventurous than zzkmuifmjqs
vkps goes everywhere more than qju, so qju is not more adventurous than vkps
xium goes everywhere more than yqcxitdo, so yqcxitdo is not more adventurous than xium
tqspvkhijyt goes everywhere more than vwtmfojie, so vwtmfojie is not more adventurous than tqspvkhijyt
lbvexiinpusv goes everywhere more than smjlg, so smjlg is not more adventurous than lbvexiinpusv
zzkmuifmjqs goes everywhere more than wlhl, so wlhl is not more adventurous than zzkmuifmjqs
dcouw steps on a rake more than neucm, so dcouw is more clumsy than neucm
smjhizclgdxf steps on a rake more than btyup, so smjhizclgdxf is more clumsy than btyup
jshmkphfr steps on a rake more than jtzsk, so jshmkphfr is more clumsy than jtzsk
wvezrgcof steps on a rake more than usmir, so wvezrgcof is more clumsy than usmir
jbbekgvyverc steps on a rake more than ixpekep, so jbbekgvyverc is more clumsy than ixpekep
dcouw steps on a rake more than neucm, so neucm is less clumsy than dcouw
smjhizclgdxf steps on a rake more than btyup, so btyup is less clumsy than smjhizclgdxf
jshmkphfr steps on a rake more than jtzsk, so jtzsk is less clumsy than jshmkphfr
wvezrgcof steps on a rake more than usmir, so usmir is less clumsy than wvezrgcof
jbbekgvyverc steps on a rake more than ixpekep, so ixpekep is less clumsy than jbbekgvyverc
cepqy steps on a rake more than foywawl, so cepqy is not less clumsy than foywawl
nlblad steps on a rake more than tvixnqxaoen, so nlblad is not less clumsy than tvixnqxaoen
hrdfdesbfuk steps on a rake more than nhn, so hrdfdesbfuk is not less clumsy than nhn
nwyvjab steps on a rake more than criyltbh, so nwyvjab is not less clumsy than criyltbh
uztjogr steps on a rake more than vdlreasnkoxl, so uztjogr is not less clumsy than vdlreasnkoxl
foywawl steps on a rake more than cepqy, so cepqy is not more clumsy than foywawl
tvixnqxaoen steps on a rake more than nlblad, so nlblad is not more clumsy than tvixnqxaoen
nhn steps on a rake more than hrdfdesbfuk, so hrdfdesbfuk is not more clumsy than nhn
criyltbh steps on a rake more than nwyvjab, so nwyvjab is not more clumsy than criyltbh
vdlreasnkoxl steps on a rake more than uztjogr, so uztjogr is not more clumsy than vdlreasnkoxl
vibfve goes fishing more than hdkhsyz, so vibfve is more adventerous than hdkhsyz
lclfmoxrdkoy goes fishing more than sky, so lclfmoxrdkoy is more adventerous than sky
hizvm goes fishing more than znkqxjgvk, so hizvm is more adventerous than znkqxjgvk
mglkhkte goes fishing more than bmkgrnalip, so mglkhkte is more adventerous than bmkgrnalip
zvsjf goes fishing more than obukt, so zvsjf is more adventerous than obukt
vibfve goes fishing more than hdkhsyz, so hdkhsyz is less adventerous than vibfve
lclfmoxrdkoy goes fishing more than sky, so sky is less adventerous than lclfmoxrdkoy
hizvm goes fishing more than znkqxjgvk, so znkqxjgvk is less adventerous than hizvm
mglkhkte goes fishing more than bmkgrnalip, so bmkgrnalip is less adventerous than mglkhkte
zvsjf goes fishing more than obukt, so obukt is less adventerous than zvsjf
pwlo goes fishing more than wajsfkmnt, so pwlo is not less adventerous than wajsfkmnt
gcpgpjhjeahn goes fishing more than yqqmeyqi, so gcpgpjhjeahn is not less adventerous than yqqmeyqi
ctabky goes fishing more than qimeclogpsg, so ctabky is not less adventerous than qimeclogpsg
atpcf goes fishing more than ddvttynjkw, so atpcf is not less adventerous than ddvttynjkw
tzpgqfe goes fishing more than hbe, so tzpgqfe is not less adventerous than hbe
wajsfkmnt goes fishing more than pwlo, so pwlo is not more adventerous than wajsfkmnt
yqqmeyqi goes fishing more than gcpgpjhjeahn, so gcpgpjhjeahn is not more adventerous than yqqmeyqi
qimeclogpsg goes fishing more than ctabky, so ctabky is not more adventerous than qimeclogpsg
ddvttynjkw goes fishing more than atpcf, so atpcf is not more adventerous than ddvttynjkw
hbe goes fishing more than tzpgqfe, so tzpgqfe is not more adventerous than hbe
gduvur feels very depressed more than mblvvqxshr, so gduvur is more despondent than mblvvqxshr
awkv feels very depressed more than sdvefflaic, so awkv is more despondent than sdvefflaic
kwpyttt feels very depressed more than sohxaamx, so kwpyttt is more despondent than sohxaamx
sif feels very depressed more than trosojdwzzwy, so sif is more despondent than trosojdwzzwy
kcs feels very depressed more than fevnjrizoah, so kcs is more despondent than fevnjrizoah
gduvur feels very depressed more than mblvvqxshr, so mblvvqxshr is less despondent than gduvur
awkv feels very depressed more than sdvefflaic, so sdvefflaic is less despondent than awkv
kwpyttt feels very depressed more than sohxaamx, so sohxaamx is less despondent than kwpyttt
sif feels very depressed more than trosojdwzzwy, so trosojdwzzwy is less despondent than sif
kcs feels very depressed more than fevnjrizoah, so fevnjrizoah is less despondent than kcs
jztrmvniygi feels very depressed more than apbvdsik, so jztrmvniygi is not less despondent than apbvdsik
tmguixwxr feels very depressed more than kxj, so tmguixwxr is not less despondent than kxj
tryv feels very depressed more than epgsbz, so tryv is not less despondent than epgsbz
xfklkvettl feels very depressed more than bbynpjwui, so xfklkvettl is not less despondent than bbynpjwui
wytrwzgo feels very depressed more than dkpubtbukve, so wytrwzgo is not less despondent than dkpubtbukve
apbvdsik feels very depressed more than jztrmvniygi, so jztrmvniygi is not more despondent than apbvdsik
kxj feels very depressed more than tmguixwxr, so tmguixwxr is not more despondent than kxj
epgsbz feels very depressed more than tryv, so tryv is not more despondent than epgsbz
bbynpjwui feels very depressed more than xfklkvettl, so xfklkvettl is not more despondent than bbynpjwui
dkpubtbukve feels very depressed more than wytrwzgo, so wytrwzgo is not more despondent than dkpubtbukve
hkqjir dates another person's girlfriend more than mfnodzxbuywc, so hkqjir is more cruel than mfnodzxbuywc
qzh dates another person's girlfriend more than nip, so qzh is more cruel than nip
dely dates another person's girlfriend more than givxsyrs, so dely is more cruel than givxsyrs
fwyq dates another person's girlfriend more than bgsrzaug, so fwyq is more cruel than bgsrzaug
dagm dates another person's girlfriend more than tassqic, so dagm is more cruel than tassqic
hkqjir dates another person's girlfriend more than mfnodzxbuywc, so mfnodzxbuywc is less cruel than hkqjir
qzh dates another person's girlfriend more than nip, so nip is less cruel than qzh
dely dates another person's girlfriend more than givxsyrs, so givxsyrs is less cruel than dely
fwyq dates another person's girlfriend more than bgsrzaug, so bgsrzaug is less cruel than fwyq
dagm dates another person's girlfriend more than tassqic, so tassqic is less cruel than dagm
prxvowjqm dates another person's girlfriend more than tgq, so prxvowjqm is not less cruel than tgq
wegzhow dates another person's girlfriend more than qmcotodii, so wegzhow is not less cruel than qmcotodii
owwnrgtc dates another person's girlfriend more than udcqtbivzmm, so owwnrgtc is not less cruel than udcqtbivzmm
qhuwyngm dates another person's girlfriend more than rzv, so qhuwyngm is not less cruel than rzv
lmfbahotqcnl dates another person's girlfriend more than xmzfk, so lmfbahotqcnl is not less cruel than xmzfk
tgq dates another person's girlfriend more than prxvowjqm, so prxvowjqm is not more cruel than tgq
qmcotodii dates another person's girlfriend more than wegzhow, so wegzhow is not more cruel than qmcotodii
udcqtbivzmm dates another person's girlfriend more than owwnrgtc, so owwnrgtc is not more cruel than udcqtbivzmm
rzv dates another person's girlfriend more than qhuwyngm, so qhuwyngm is not more cruel than rzv
xmzfk dates another person's girlfriend more than lmfbahotqcnl, so lmfbahotqcnl is not more cruel than xmzfk
kgxotkzm espouses another person's cause more than qaayswvnq, so kgxotkzm is more charitable than qaayswvnq
lbbyarhg espouses another person's cause more than arhjvis, so lbbyarhg is more charitable than arhjvis
flrsrovibaw espouses another person's cause more than ljrgg, so flrsrovibaw is more charitable than ljrgg
jydefo espouses another person's cause more than yncyikwqohbp, so jydefo is more charitable than yncyikwqohbp
tvesiutzyn espouses another person's cause more than sbzp, so tvesiutzyn is more charitable than sbzp
kgxotkzm espouses another person's cause more than qaayswvnq, so qaayswvnq is less charitable than kgxotkzm
lbbyarhg espouses another person's cause more than arhjvis, so arhjvis is less charitable than lbbyarhg
flrsrovibaw espouses another person's cause more than ljrgg, so ljrgg is less charitable than flrsrovibaw
jydefo espouses another person's cause more than yncyikwqohbp, so yncyikwqohbp is less charitable than jydefo
tvesiutzyn espouses another person's cause more than sbzp, so sbzp is less charitable than tvesiutzyn
rjccuyrmdzij espouses another person's cause more than haoxfvqgog, so rjccuyrmdzij is not less charitable than haoxfvqgog
xxadazlw espouses another person's cause more than sqyilexe, so xxadazlw is not less charitable than sqyilexe
truplzxyeq espouses another person's cause more than ykactzpn, so truplzxyeq is not less charitable than ykactzpn
mkbps espouses another person's cause more than ceumjcewxzvg, so mkbps is not less charitable than ceumjcewxzvg
bdezf espouses another person's cause more than vorpszjopauv, so bdezf is not less charitable than vorpszjopauv
haoxfvqgog espouses another person's cause more than rjccuyrmdzij, so rjccuyrmdzij is not more charitable than haoxfvqgog
sqyilexe espouses another person's cause more than xxadazlw, so xxadazlw is not more charitable than sqyilexe
ykactzpn espouses another person's cause more than truplzxyeq, so truplzxyeq is not more charitable than ykactzpn
ceumjcewxzvg espouses another person's cause more than mkbps, so mkbps is not more charitable than ceumjcewxzvg
vorpszjopauv espouses another person's cause more than bdezf, so bdezf is not more charitable than vorpszjopauv
zrgflqhbngkj starts school more than jmhhocunrpv, so zrgflqhbngkj is more anxious than jmhhocunrpv
gdjppyri starts school more than lbdpmlcgzxwi, so gdjppyri is more anxious than lbdpmlcgzxwi
ikaggclxd starts school more than whn, so ikaggclxd is more anxious than whn
rieqsu starts school more than nnqatzfi, so rieqsu is more anxious than nnqatzfi
jfda starts school more than qwmoxj, so jfda is more anxious than qwmoxj
zrgflqhbngkj starts school more than jmhhocunrpv, so jmhhocunrpv is less anxious than zrgflqhbngkj
gdjppyri starts school more than lbdpmlcgzxwi, so lbdpmlcgzxwi is less anxious than gdjppyri
ikaggclxd starts school more than whn, so whn is less anxious than ikaggclxd
rieqsu starts school more than nnqatzfi, so nnqatzfi is less anxious than rieqsu
jfda starts school more than qwmoxj, so qwmoxj is less anxious than jfda
kdcn starts school more than ovopuuposcw, so kdcn is not less anxious than ovopuuposcw
pzrmdyjlgaz starts school more than taf, so pzrmdyjlgaz is not less anxious than taf
jmerhdcvsx starts school more than iljcv, so jmerhdcvsx is not less anxious than iljcv
byddzbedgo starts school more than fdsncsaglaei, so byddzbedgo is not less anxious than fdsncsaglaei
drdkxe starts school more than onrkzqdpwvh, so drdkxe is not less anxious than onrkzqdpwvh
ovopuuposcw starts school more than kdcn, so kdcn is not more anxious than ovopuuposcw
taf starts school more than pzrmdyjlgaz, so pzrmdyjlgaz is not more anxious than taf
iljcv starts school more than jmerhdcvsx, so jmerhdcvsx is not more anxious than iljcv
fdsncsaglaei starts school more than byddzbedgo, so byddzbedgo is not more anxious than fdsncsaglaei
onrkzqdpwvh starts school more than drdkxe, so drdkxe is not more anxious than onrkzqdpwvh
atpa is ready to eat more than cozexmnmhbn, so atpa is more deprived than cozexmnmhbn
eiemksjgfop is ready to eat more than mwbkurqsou, so eiemksjgfop is more deprived than mwbkurqsou
gtdyztpgp is ready to eat more than vwqo, so gtdyztpgp is more deprived than vwqo
xckgvryjeyl is ready to eat more than zkbro, so xckgvryjeyl is more deprived than zkbro
dobhbwelee is ready to eat more than rvwwgcryuxx, so dobhbwelee is more deprived than rvwwgcryuxx
atpa is ready to eat more than cozexmnmhbn, so cozexmnmhbn is less deprived than atpa
eiemksjgfop is ready to eat more than mwbkurqsou, so mwbkurqsou is less deprived than eiemksjgfop
gtdyztpgp is ready to eat more than vwqo, so vwqo is less deprived than gtdyztpgp
xckgvryjeyl is ready to eat more than zkbro, so zkbro is less deprived than xckgvryjeyl
dobhbwelee is ready to eat more than rvwwgcryuxx, so rvwwgcryuxx is less deprived than dobhbwelee
fwptgbkvtz is ready to eat more than kewolicvdqwk, so fwptgbkvtz is not less deprived than kewolicvdqwk
ktysevb is ready to eat more than knx, so ktysevb is not less deprived than knx
kshhejg is ready to eat more than xxd, so kshhejg is not less deprived than xxd
dcpyoc is ready to eat more than mvwxvg, so dcpyoc is not less deprived than mvwxvg
vvigvjqbik is ready to eat more than zjjy, so vvigvjqbik is not less deprived than zjjy
kewolicvdqwk is ready to eat more than fwptgbkvtz, so fwptgbkvtz is not more deprived than kewolicvdqwk
knx is ready to eat more than ktysevb, so ktysevb is not more deprived than knx
xxd is ready to eat more than kshhejg, so kshhejg is not more deprived than xxd
mvwxvg is ready to eat more than dcpyoc, so dcpyoc is not more deprived than mvwxvg
zjjy is ready to eat more than vvigvjqbik, so vvigvjqbik is not more deprived than zjjy
yofop exits stage left more than jdenjaahzae, so yofop is more dramatic than jdenjaahzae
ejupiwqsp exits stage left more than sibhiyx, so ejupiwqsp is more dramatic than sibhiyx
mrqjh exits stage left more than uzixhgdi, so mrqjh is more dramatic than uzixhgdi
jyslvtj exits stage left more than rwrzjautge, so jyslvtj is more dramatic than rwrzjautge
vabevjypox exits stage left more than ikkm, so vabevjypox is more dramatic than ikkm
yofop exits stage left more than jdenjaahzae, so jdenjaahzae is less dramatic than yofop
ejupiwqsp exits stage left more than sibhiyx, so sibhiyx is less dramatic than ejupiwqsp
mrqjh exits stage left more than uzixhgdi, so uzixhgdi is less dramatic than mrqjh
jyslvtj exits stage left more than rwrzjautge, so rwrzjautge is less dramatic than jyslvtj
vabevjypox exits stage left more than ikkm, so ikkm is less dramatic than vabevjypox
fmkznw exits stage left more than blsqwijabhzh, so fmkznw is not less dramatic than blsqwijabhzh
nlmi exits stage left more than xlqelhpkwt, so nlmi is not less dramatic than xlqelhpkwt
kgsvvsqqartn exits stage left more than nrzlwlnnn, so kgsvvsqqartn is not less dramatic than nrzlwlnnn
gxpjbcpnm exits stage left more than cotxp, so gxpjbcpnm is not less dramatic than cotxp
cxxswbeia exits stage left more than hogr, so cxxswbeia is not less dramatic than hogr
blsqwijabhzh exits stage left more than fmkznw, so fmkznw is not more dramatic than blsqwijabhzh
xlqelhpkwt exits stage left more than nlmi, so nlmi is not more dramatic than xlqelhpkwt
nrzlwlnnn exits stage left more than kgsvvsqqartn, so kgsvvsqqartn is not more dramatic than nrzlwlnnn
cotxp exits stage left more than gxpjbcpnm, so gxpjbcpnm is not more dramatic than cotxp
hogr exits stage left more than cxxswbeia, so cxxswbeia is not more dramatic than hogr
egik pays attention to details more than fnvfqc, so egik is more fastidious than fnvfqc
gapwcqoqm pays attention to details more than uuwwb, so gapwcqoqm is more fastidious than uuwwb
fryzfsqisg pays attention to details more than nxcsvpztj, so fryzfsqisg is more fastidious than nxcsvpztj
hrtwp pays attention to details more than qpaaxupyrvlz, so hrtwp is more fastidious than qpaaxupyrvlz
gkaovy pays attention to details more than hieelumhib, so gkaovy is more fastidious than hieelumhib
egik pays attention to details more than fnvfqc, so fnvfqc is less fastidious than egik
gapwcqoqm pays attention to details more than uuwwb, so uuwwb is less fastidious than gapwcqoqm
fryzfsqisg pays attention to details more than nxcsvpztj, so nxcsvpztj is less fastidious than fryzfsqisg
hrtwp pays attention to details more than qpaaxupyrvlz, so qpaaxupyrvlz is less fastidious than hrtwp
gkaovy pays attention to details more than hieelumhib, so hieelumhib is less fastidious than gkaovy
lkv pays attention to details more than devrme, so lkv is not less fastidious than devrme
jdplcoama pays attention to details more than ygvwgb, so jdplcoama is not less fastidious than ygvwgb
fqkus pays attention to details more than wus, so fqkus is not less fastidious than wus
qoenvjqjrv pays attention to details more than lid, so qoenvjqjrv is not less fastidious than lid
kbzvjecfrjy pays attention to details more than zbfagtfpzvvh, so kbzvjecfrjy is not less fastidious than zbfagtfpzvvh
devrme pays attention to details more than lkv, so lkv is not more fastidious than devrme
ygvwgb pays attention to details more than jdplcoama, so jdplcoama is not more fastidious than ygvwgb
wus pays attention to details more than fqkus, so fqkus is not more fastidious than wus
lid pays attention to details more than qoenvjqjrv, so qoenvjqjrv is not more fastidious than lid
zbfagtfpzvvh pays attention to details more than kbzvjecfrjy, so kbzvjecfrjy is not more fastidious than zbfagtfpzvvh
xjajxrugpnuh wants a boyfriend more than btounyugalwp, so xjajxrugpnuh is more lonely than btounyugalwp
tqiefjxofgfv wants a boyfriend more than isylui, so tqiefjxofgfv is more lonely than isylui
mab wants a boyfriend more than ibblyqkzrjw, so mab is more lonely than ibblyqkzrjw
uas wants a boyfriend more than wozifszxdufd, so uas is more lonely than wozifszxdufd
zvszwyvf wants a boyfriend more than aculhp, so zvszwyvf is more lonely than aculhp
xjajxrugpnuh wants a boyfriend more than btounyugalwp, so btounyugalwp is less lonely than xjajxrugpnuh
tqiefjxofgfv wants a boyfriend more than isylui, so isylui is less lonely than tqiefjxofgfv
mab wants a boyfriend more than ibblyqkzrjw, so ibblyqkzrjw is less lonely than mab
uas wants a boyfriend more than wozifszxdufd, so wozifszxdufd is less lonely than uas
zvszwyvf wants a boyfriend more than aculhp, so aculhp is less lonely than zvszwyvf
siw wants a boyfriend more than mbdcagm, so siw is not less lonely than mbdcagm
snb wants a boyfriend more than bdqd, so snb is not less lonely than bdqd
lpymuofqucy wants a boyfriend more than xugyudolxtr, so lpymuofqucy is not less lonely than xugyudolxtr
bjqenzper wants a boyfriend more than shupffalijk, so bjqenzper is not less lonely than shupffalijk
kdfuiw wants a boyfriend more than ghurcsqvhv, so kdfuiw is not less lonely than ghurcsqvhv
mbdcagm wants a boyfriend more than siw, so siw is not more lonely than mbdcagm
bdqd wants a boyfriend more than snb, so snb is not more lonely than bdqd
xugyudolxtr wants a boyfriend more than lpymuofqucy, so lpymuofqucy is not more lonely than xugyudolxtr
shupffalijk wants a boyfriend more than bjqenzper, so bjqenzper is not more lonely than shupffalijk
ghurcsqvhv wants a boyfriend more than kdfuiw, so kdfuiw is not more lonely than ghurcsqvhv
kklnlxfgp completes their year more than qzzh, so kklnlxfgp is less accomplished than qzzh
vdnczopc completes their year more than hpsid, so vdnczopc is less accomplished than hpsid
xvsgmnbcmxgz completes their year more than cmf, so xvsgmnbcmxgz is less accomplished than cmf
jrhiom completes their year more than jgil, so jrhiom is less accomplished than jgil
uuecwdqydf completes their year more than aces, so uuecwdqydf is less accomplished than aces
kklnlxfgp completes their year more than qzzh, so qzzh is less accomplished than kklnlxfgp
vdnczopc completes their year more than hpsid, so hpsid is less accomplished than vdnczopc
xvsgmnbcmxgz completes their year more than cmf, so cmf is less accomplished than xvsgmnbcmxgz
jrhiom completes their year more than jgil, so jgil is less accomplished than jrhiom
uuecwdqydf completes their year more than aces, so aces is less accomplished than uuecwdqydf
fsnepsfjj completes their year more than etwmf, so fsnepsfjj is not less accomplished than etwmf
hlkx completes their year more than ftqig, so hlkx is not less accomplished than ftqig
mlmvvozncl completes their year more than zdh, so mlmvvozncl is not less accomplished than zdh
tpxmyl completes their year more than fowrozojt, so tpxmyl is not less accomplished than fowrozojt
taieulgvz completes their year more than hvxg, so taieulgvz is not less accomplished than hvxg
etwmf completes their year more than fsnepsfjj, so fsnepsfjj is not more accomplished than etwmf
ftqig completes their year more than hlkx, so hlkx is not more accomplished than ftqig
zdh completes their year more than mlmvvozncl, so mlmvvozncl is not more accomplished than zdh
fowrozojt completes their year more than tpxmyl, so tpxmyl is not more accomplished than fowrozojt
hvxg completes their year more than taieulgvz, so taieulgvz is not more accomplished than hvxg
jmdpqotlfqkn takes three hours more than gywvqv, so jmdpqotlfqkn is more patient than gywvqv
xbqf takes three hours more than qaeovzea, so xbqf is more patient than qaeovzea
qcmaa takes three hours more than tkfhgb, so qcmaa is more patient than tkfhgb
zhuximtxkw takes three hours more than nzyikw, so zhuximtxkw is more patient than nzyikw
alnhmhu takes three hours more than ejhl, so alnhmhu is more patient than ejhl
jmdpqotlfqkn takes three hours more than gywvqv, so gywvqv is less patient than jmdpqotlfqkn
xbqf takes three hours more than qaeovzea, so qaeovzea is less patient than xbqf
qcmaa takes three hours more than tkfhgb, so tkfhgb is less patient than qcmaa
zhuximtxkw takes three hours more than nzyikw, so nzyikw is less patient than zhuximtxkw
alnhmhu takes three hours more than ejhl, so ejhl is less patient than alnhmhu
dmco takes three hours more than dcgclhb, so dmco is not less patient than dcgclhb
accuihtdeuje takes three hours more than zxoy, so accuihtdeuje is not less patient than zxoy
rhjoc takes three hours more than xjlkpdwy, so rhjoc is not less patient than xjlkpdwy
heouqjkxf takes three hours more than ybfjxpdxbjq, so heouqjkxf is not less patient than ybfjxpdxbjq
vgc takes three hours more than yvo, so vgc is not less patient than yvo
dcgclhb takes three hours more than dmco, so dmco is not less patient than dcgclhb
zxoy takes three hours more than accuihtdeuje, so accuihtdeuje is not less patient than zxoy
xjlkpdwy takes three hours more than rhjoc, so rhjoc is not less patient than xjlkpdwy
ybfjxpdxbjq takes three hours more than heouqjkxf, so heouqjkxf is not less patient than ybfjxpdxbjq
yvo takes three hours more than vgc, so vgc is not less patient than yvo
dsobeg is n't paying much attention while skomoyiej is, so dsobeg is more disinterested than skomoyiej
trdhjjbl is n't paying much attention while yvvinclyrksq is, so trdhjjbl is more disinterested than yvvinclyrksq
otcbcbfyljxl is n't paying much attention while ofdroebx is, so otcbcbfyljxl is more disinterested than ofdroebx
somdxwlck is n't paying much attention while ogd is, so somdxwlck is more disinterested than ogd
dsrqigrg is n't paying much attention while kzotoksd is, so dsrqigrg is more disinterested than kzotoksd
dsobeg is n't paying much attention to skomoyiej, so skomoyiej is less disinterested than dsobeg
trdhjjbl is n't paying much attention to yvvinclyrksq, so yvvinclyrksq is less disinterested than trdhjjbl
otcbcbfyljxl is n't paying much attention to ofdroebx, so ofdroebx is less disinterested than otcbcbfyljxl
somdxwlck is n't paying much attention to ogd, so ogd is less disinterested than somdxwlck
dsrqigrg is n't paying much attention to kzotoksd, so kzotoksd is less disinterested than dsrqigrg
ghao is n't paying much attention while ynilw is, so ghao is not less disinterested than ynilw
nygdmpdc is n't paying much attention while pmophpmnn is, so nygdmpdc is not less disinterested than pmophpmnn
khbekuopn is n't paying much attention while mohcqxalax is, so khbekuopn is not less disinterested than mohcqxalax
dxzagbumjnaz is n't paying much attention while ujpyluvhxn is, so dxzagbumjnaz is not less disinterested than ujpyluvhxn
jzjkmydfuclj is n't paying much attention while bushkizvj is, so jzjkmydfuclj is not less disinterested than bushkizvj
ynilw is n't paying much attention while ghao is, so ghao is not more disinterested than ynilw
pmophpmnn is n't paying much attention while nygdmpdc is, so nygdmpdc is not more disinterested than pmophpmnn
mohcqxalax is n't paying much attention while khbekuopn is, so khbekuopn is not more disinterested than mohcqxalax
ujpyluvhxn is n't paying much attention while dxzagbumjnaz is, so dxzagbumjnaz is not more disinterested than ujpyluvhxn
bushkizvj is n't paying much attention while jzjkmydfuclj is, so jzjkmydfuclj is not more disinterested than bushkizvj
ahylabqx is on vacation in florida more than xbbiogqfw, so ahylabqx is more adventurous than xbbiogqfw
ljvhueqwj is on vacation in florida more than qaotii, so ljvhueqwj is more adventurous than qaotii
lzeur is on vacation in florida more than apftlsxrpgm, so lzeur is more adventurous than apftlsxrpgm
tqoalbhfxkst is on vacation in florida more than vnxscxoghfvm, so tqoalbhfxkst is more adventurous than vnxscxoghfvm
xagpzez is on vacation in florida more than iyhavo, so xagpzez is more adventurous than iyhavo
ahylabqx is on vacation in florida more than xbbiogqfw, so xbbiogqfw is less adventurous than ahylabqx
ljvhueqwj is on vacation in florida more than qaotii, so qaotii is less adventurous than ljvhueqwj
lzeur is on vacation in florida more than apftlsxrpgm, so apftlsxrpgm is less adventurous than lzeur
tqoalbhfxkst is on vacation in florida more than vnxscxoghfvm, so vnxscxoghfvm is less adventurous than tqoalbhfxkst
xagpzez is on vacation in florida more than iyhavo, so iyhavo is less adventurous than xagpzez
hnkmyalyqwb is on vacation in florida more than bkbrfzii, so hnkmyalyqwb is not less adventurous than bkbrfzii
fgldzcix is on vacation in florida more than tcz, so fgldzcix is not less adventurous than tcz
zbh is on vacation in florida more than eqm, so zbh is not less adventurous than eqm
jfteoprzaxu is on vacation in florida more than qxgfltcpu, so jfteoprzaxu is not less adventurous than qxgfltcpu
olil is on vacation in florida more than taoqcraphf, so olil is not less adventurous than taoqcraphf
bkbrfzii is on vacation in florida more than hnkmyalyqwb, so hnkmyalyqwb is not more adventurous than bkbrfzii
tcz is on vacation in florida more than fgldzcix, so fgldzcix is not more adventurous than tcz
eqm is on vacation in florida more than zbh, so zbh is not more adventurous than eqm
qxgfltcpu is on vacation in florida more than jfteoprzaxu, so jfteoprzaxu is not more adventurous than qxgfltcpu
taoqcraphf is on vacation in florida more than olil, so olil is not more adventurous than taoqcraphf
bvaunpshr tells the teacher more than hysefyqdf, so bvaunpshr is more dork than hysefyqdf
liiytnjjfig tells the teacher more than zgsmiccmjk, so liiytnjjfig is more dork than zgsmiccmjk
vscfg tells the teacher more than xxjf, so vscfg is more dork than xxjf
oatycroae tells the teacher more than wzih, so oatycroae is more dork than wzih
vbqlvvzrgjxv tells the teacher more than repzb, so vbqlvvzrgjxv is more dork than repzb
bvaunpshr tells the teacher more than hysefyqdf, so hysefyqdf is less dork than bvaunpshr
liiytnjjfig tells the teacher more than zgsmiccmjk, so zgsmiccmjk is less dork than liiytnjjfig
vscfg tells the teacher more than xxjf, so xxjf is less dork than vscfg
oatycroae tells the teacher more than wzih, so wzih is less dork than oatycroae
vbqlvvzrgjxv tells the teacher more than repzb, so repzb is less dork than vbqlvvzrgjxv
oefhunggq tells the teacher more than dumzvyorsb, so oefhunggq is not less dork than dumzvyorsb
sln tells the teacher more than wflrkuuzj, so sln is not less dork than wflrkuuzj
nbwzokiwfm tells the teacher more than xvmyctckpg, so nbwzokiwfm is not less dork than xvmyctckpg
egcpdnzt tells the teacher more than lszov, so egcpdnzt is not less dork than lszov
nadunhfkw tells the teacher more than konfufanfnln, so nadunhfkw is not less dork than konfufanfnln
dumzvyorsb tells the teacher more than oefhunggq, so oefhunggq is not more dork than dumzvyorsb
wflrkuuzj tells the teacher more than sln, so sln is not more dork than wflrkuuzj
xvmyctckpg tells the teacher more than nbwzokiwfm, so nbwzokiwfm is not more dork than xvmyctckpg
lszov tells the teacher more than egcpdnzt, so egcpdnzt is not more dork than lszov
konfufanfnln tells the teacher more than nadunhfkw, so nadunhfkw is not more dork than konfufanfnln
hgg makes a doctor 's appointment more than ltmlywxvjjdu, so hgg is more responsible than ltmlywxvjjdu
fxmdnf makes a doctor 's appointment more than rjmoen, so fxmdnf is more responsible than rjmoen
qnqaidn makes a doctor 's appointment more than nqjohmplcsri, so qnqaidn is more responsible than nqjohmplcsri
aqmtfnntqi makes a doctor 's appointment more than bhb, so aqmtfnntqi is more responsible than bhb
pqgurgnx makes a doctor 's appointment more than xbjybie, so pqgurgnx is more responsible than xbjybie
hgg makes a doctor 's appointment more than ltmlywxvjjdu, so ltmlywxvjjdu is less responsible than hgg
fxmdnf makes a doctor 's appointment more than rjmoen, so rjmoen is less responsible than fxmdnf
qnqaidn makes a doctor 's appointment more than nqjohmplcsri, so nqjohmplcsri is less responsible than qnqaidn
aqmtfnntqi makes a doctor 's appointment more than bhb, so bhb is less responsible than aqmtfnntqi
pqgurgnx makes a doctor 's appointment more than xbjybie, so xbjybie is less responsible than pqgurgnx
ftbbu makes a doctor 's appointment more than pduzlt, so ftbbu is not less responsible than pduzlt
wymlnyiqqpcv makes a doctor 's appointment more than snoupht, so wymlnyiqqpcv is not less responsible than snoupht
yatzagn makes a doctor 's appointment more than nfai, so yatzagn is not less responsible than nfai
xwkckoyjrrf makes a doctor 's appointment more than medw, so xwkckoyjrrf is not less responsible than medw
aywwioight makes a doctor 's appointment more than nunm, so aywwioight is not less responsible than nunm
pduzlt makes a doctor 's appointment more than ftbbu, so ftbbu is not more responsible than pduzlt
snoupht makes a doctor 's appointment more than wymlnyiqqpcv, so wymlnyiqqpcv is not more responsible than snoupht
nfai makes a doctor 's appointment more than yatzagn, so yatzagn is not more responsible than nfai
medw makes a doctor 's appointment more than xwkckoyjrrf, so xwkckoyjrrf is not more responsible than medw
nunm makes a doctor 's appointment more than aywwioight, so aywwioight is not more responsible than nunm
kglnxfxrrc writes another person letter more than lfkwxwav, so kglnxfxrrc is more friendly than lfkwxwav
ulykc writes another person letter more than rnk, so ulykc is more friendly than rnk
gyq writes another person letter more than wlpjihwjgzp, so gyq is more friendly than wlpjihwjgzp
btcte writes another person letter more than jtapeuvbtxa, so btcte is more friendly than jtapeuvbtxa
demhiqhtih writes another person letter more than xfgnhdi, so demhiqhtih is more friendly than xfgnhdi
kglnxfxrrc writes another person letter more than lfkwxwav, so lfkwxwav is less friendly than kglnxfxrrc
ulykc writes another person letter more than rnk, so rnk is less friendly than ulykc
gyq writes another person letter more than wlpjihwjgzp, so wlpjihwjgzp is less friendly than gyq
btcte writes another person letter more than jtapeuvbtxa, so jtapeuvbtxa is less friendly than btcte
demhiqhtih writes another person letter more than xfgnhdi, so xfgnhdi is less friendly than demhiqhtih
ifdgltudkddz writes another person letter more than uxgv, so ifdgltudkddz is not less friendly than uxgv
flrzwpfogsry writes another person letter more than fdjossbtvpkw, so flrzwpfogsry is not less friendly than fdjossbtvpkw
eipcjwwy writes another person letter more than zmd, so eipcjwwy is not less friendly than zmd
xqsteacph writes another person letter more than dsuvlo, so xqsteacph is not less friendly than dsuvlo
srgysdbyivvt writes another person letter more than dbzosevpje, so srgysdbyivvt is not less friendly than dbzosevpje
uxgv writes another person letter more than ifdgltudkddz, so ifdgltudkddz is not more friendly than uxgv
fdjossbtvpkw writes another person letter more than flrzwpfogsry, so flrzwpfogsry is not more friendly than fdjossbtvpkw
zmd writes another person letter more than eipcjwwy, so eipcjwwy is not more friendly than zmd
dsuvlo writes another person letter more than xqsteacph, so xqsteacph is not more friendly than dsuvlo
dbzosevpje writes another person letter more than srgysdbyivvt, so srgysdbyivvt is not more friendly than dbzosevpje
xjp wears their helmet more than sncxoxqonkcb, so xjp is more safe than sncxoxqonkcb
reqndiyyq wears their helmet more than mqoei, so reqndiyyq is more safe than mqoei
jvmky wears their helmet more than egmrraopi, so jvmky is more safe than egmrraopi
tdjxxtdqeozd wears their helmet more than octnoa, so tdjxxtdqeozd is more safe than octnoa
uivoflhsuj wears their helmet more than rmhzdcn, so uivoflhsuj is more safe than rmhzdcn
xjp wears their helmet more than sncxoxqonkcb, so sncxoxqonkcb is less safe than xjp
reqndiyyq wears their helmet more than mqoei, so mqoei is less safe than reqndiyyq
jvmky wears their helmet more than egmrraopi, so egmrraopi is less safe than jvmky
tdjxxtdqeozd wears their helmet more than octnoa, so octnoa is less safe than tdjxxtdqeozd
uivoflhsuj wears their helmet more than rmhzdcn, so rmhzdcn is less safe than uivoflhsuj
txj wears their helmet more than vjr, so txj is not less safe than vjr
mrvv wears their helmet more than gjvqdexjyw, so mrvv is not less safe than gjvqdexjyw
iffnozc wears their helmet more than nbqgx, so iffnozc is not less safe than nbqgx
lulvxmxln wears their helmet more than zotcmsfxu, so lulvxmxln is not less safe than zotcmsfxu
vzdmqjymoh wears their helmet more than mljxlmg, so vzdmqjymoh is not less safe than mljxlmg
vjr wears their helmet more than txj, so txj is not more safe than vjr
gjvqdexjyw wears their helmet more than mrvv, so mrvv is not more safe than gjvqdexjyw
nbqgx wears their helmet more than iffnozc, so iffnozc is not more safe than nbqgx
zotcmsfxu wears their helmet more than lulvxmxln, so lulvxmxln is not more safe than zotcmsfxu
mljxlmg wears their helmet more than vzdmqjymoh, so vzdmqjymoh is not more safe than mljxlmg
ila takes the train more than cfizvm, so ila is more lazy than cfizvm
jmsdelid takes the train more than ubqkgs, so jmsdelid is more lazy than ubqkgs
nlfsgsfmnc takes the train more than zfxrrwyin, so nlfsgsfmnc is more lazy than zfxrrwyin
yfag takes the train more than oqlvntjzvm, so yfag is more lazy than oqlvntjzvm
hkkfri takes the train more than owcxjdmsywxu, so hkkfri is more lazy than owcxjdmsywxu
ila takes the train more than cfizvm, so cfizvm is less lazy than ila
jmsdelid takes the train more than ubqkgs, so ubqkgs is less lazy than jmsdelid
nlfsgsfmnc takes the train more than zfxrrwyin, so zfxrrwyin is less lazy than nlfsgsfmnc
yfag takes the train more than oqlvntjzvm, so oqlvntjzvm is less lazy than yfag
hkkfri takes the train more than owcxjdmsywxu, so owcxjdmsywxu is less lazy than hkkfri
zbuyo takes the train more than ndbuvr, so zbuyo is not less lazy than ndbuvr
qsxx takes the train more than umwdcot, so qsxx is not less lazy than umwdcot
mowxkilysgxs takes the train more than dqykeej, so mowxkilysgxs is not less lazy than dqykeej
utdf takes the train more than guwoxyxl, so utdf is not less lazy than guwoxyxl
vgdqa takes the train more than foygxvgjrn, so vgdqa is not less lazy than foygxvgjrn
ndbuvr takes the train more than zbuyo, so zbuyo is not more lazy than ndbuvr
umwdcot takes the train more than qsxx, so qsxx is not more lazy than umwdcot
dqykeej takes the train more than mowxkilysgxs, so mowxkilysgxs is not more lazy than dqykeej
guwoxyxl takes the train more than utdf, so utdf is not more lazy than guwoxyxl
foygxvgjrn takes the train more than vgdqa, so vgdqa is not more lazy than foygxvgjrn
glwymqtqf takes the dog to the vet more than bhmv, so glwymqtqf is more concerned than bhmv
ktmqvnb takes the dog to the vet more than hhpwrk, so ktmqvnb is more concerned than hhpwrk
fnhqx takes the dog to the vet more than oltxqpdqdpuy, so fnhqx is more concerned than oltxqpdqdpuy
jmzdhqvk takes the dog to the vet more than ryotju, so jmzdhqvk is more concerned than ryotju
vpavs takes the dog to the vet more than iwxyhfqmkhyl, so vpavs is more concerned than iwxyhfqmkhyl
glwymqtqf takes the dog to the vet more than bhmv, so bhmv is less concerned than glwymqtqf
ktmqvnb takes the dog to the vet more than hhpwrk, so hhpwrk is less concerned than ktmqvnb
fnhqx takes the dog to the vet more than oltxqpdqdpuy, so oltxqpdqdpuy is less concerned than fnhqx
jmzdhqvk takes the dog to the vet more than ryotju, so ryotju is less concerned than jmzdhqvk
vpavs takes the dog to the vet more than iwxyhfqmkhyl, so iwxyhfqmkhyl is less concerned than vpavs
zvsjrjfstwan takes the dog to the vet more than nqrayxvl, so zvsjrjfstwan is not less concerned than nqrayxvl
rruanumv takes the dog to the vet more than xlhlrz, so rruanumv is not less concerned than xlhlrz
djzbnioyzkoe takes the dog to the vet more than qwwqwvaopt, so djzbnioyzkoe is not less concerned than qwwqwvaopt
vzceupbmy takes the dog to the vet more than mbnqx, so vzceupbmy is not less concerned than mbnqx
dlisqsf takes the dog to the vet more than bsqzybt, so dlisqsf is not less concerned than bsqzybt
nqrayxvl takes the dog to the vet more than zvsjrjfstwan, so zvsjrjfstwan is not more concerned than nqrayxvl
xlhlrz takes the dog to the vet more than rruanumv, so rruanumv is not more concerned than xlhlrz
qwwqwvaopt takes the dog to the vet more than djzbnioyzkoe, so djzbnioyzkoe is not more concerned than qwwqwvaopt
mbnqx takes the dog to the vet more than vzceupbmy, so vzceupbmy is not more concerned than mbnqx
bsqzybt takes the dog to the vet more than dlisqsf, so dlisqsf is not more concerned than bsqzybt
liaemswpqq feels like forever more than wbuwfhb, so liaemswpqq is more determined than wbuwfhb
hdifjo feels like forever more than rnvudzper, so hdifjo is more determined than rnvudzper
olingj feels like forever more than uwosqltfocb, so olingj is more determined than uwosqltfocb
cmhqlvlnslx feels like forever more than yzh, so cmhqlvlnslx is more determined than yzh
npjabnbi feels like forever more than zdnwedkvvxbt, so npjabnbi is more determined than zdnwedkvvxbt
liaemswpqq has been alive for more than wbuwfhb, so wbuwfhb is less determined than liaemswpqq
hdifjo has been alive for more than rnvudzper, so rnvudzper is less determined than hdifjo
olingj has been alive for more than uwosqltfocb, so uwosqltfocb is less determined than olingj
cmhqlvlnslx has been alive for more than yzh, so yzh is less determined than cmhqlvlnslx
npjabnbi has been alive for more than zdnwedkvvxbt, so zdnwedkvvxbt is less determined than npjabnbi
ztl has been alive for more feels like forever than efbhbbxywrip, so ztl is not less determined than efbhbbxywrip
jxmhknslmo has been alive for more feels like forever than qniovxvmyjl, so jxmhknslmo is not less determined than qniovxvmyjl
hervqany has been alive for more feels like forever than axdefsubdz, so hervqany is not less determined than axdefsubdz
yjclkezjas has been alive for more feels like forever than nnu, so yjclkezjas is not less determined than nnu
yigwekt has been alive for more feels like forever than qkkuxr, so yigwekt is not less determined than qkkuxr
efbhbbxywrip feels like forever more than ztl, so ztl is not more determined than efbhbbxywrip
qniovxvmyjl feels like forever more than jxmhknslmo, so jxmhknslmo is not more determined than qniovxvmyjl
axdefsubdz feels like forever more than hervqany, so hervqany is not more determined than axdefsubdz
nnu feels like forever more than yjclkezjas, so yjclkezjas is not more determined than nnu
qkkuxr feels like forever more than yigwekt, so yigwekt is not more determined than qkkuxr
axgicwobgz has a seat more than kbirq, so axgicwobgz is more glad than kbirq
ozsyfq has a seat more than yfv, so ozsyfq is more glad than yfv
ixno has a seat more than nezcmlwospf, so ixno is more glad than nezcmlwospf
apnsb has a seat more than hgj, so apnsb is more glad than hgj
rzozefgxjrhu has a seat more than lazw, so rzozefgxjrhu is more glad than lazw
axgicwobgz has a seat more than kbirq, so kbirq is less glad than axgicwobgz
ozsyfq has a seat more than yfv, so yfv is less glad than ozsyfq
ixno has a seat more than nezcmlwospf, so nezcmlwospf is less glad than ixno
apnsb has a seat more than hgj, so hgj is less glad than apnsb
rzozefgxjrhu has a seat more than lazw, so lazw is less glad than rzozefgxjrhu
gmtyqa has a seat more than dqljtkri, so gmtyqa is not less glad than dqljtkri
twc has a seat more than gwudfykni, so twc is not less glad than gwudfykni
eqd has a seat more than txypfdb, so eqd is not less glad than txypfdb
wblsyt has a seat more than iujvktukkckd, so wblsyt is not less glad than iujvktukkckd
usfyxvnevxhu has a seat more than lwuaqpa, so usfyxvnevxhu is not less glad than lwuaqpa
dqljtkri has a seat more than gmtyqa, so gmtyqa is not more glad than dqljtkri
gwudfykni has a seat more than twc, so twc is not more glad than gwudfykni
txypfdb has a seat more than eqd, so eqd is not more glad than txypfdb
iujvktukkckd has a seat more than wblsyt, so wblsyt is not more glad than iujvktukkckd
lwuaqpa has a seat more than usfyxvnevxhu, so usfyxvnevxhu is not more glad than lwuaqpa
ugtulpwmacov loses money more than kavdthmkj, so ugtulpwmacov is more a gambler than kavdthmkj
phytt loses money more than agplmlu, so phytt is more a gambler than agplmlu
rnkzsvtn loses money more than lwsvcxfokc, so rnkzsvtn is more a gambler than lwsvcxfokc
zeww loses money more than zfedfzkr, so zeww is more a gambler than zfedfzkr
uxbbxzin loses money more than xuuqeudqvk, so uxbbxzin is more a gambler than xuuqeudqvk
ugtulpwmacov loses money more than kavdthmkj, so kavdthmkj is less a gambler than ugtulpwmacov
phytt loses money more than agplmlu, so agplmlu is less a gambler than phytt
rnkzsvtn loses money more than lwsvcxfokc, so lwsvcxfokc is less a gambler than rnkzsvtn
zeww loses money more than zfedfzkr, so zfedfzkr is less a gambler than zeww
uxbbxzin loses money more than xuuqeudqvk, so xuuqeudqvk is less a gambler than uxbbxzin
gaqkjzlzvxrx loses money more than jvwhiywo, so gaqkjzlzvxrx is not less a gambler than jvwhiywo
swsnxuokglz loses money more than doexpyidv, so swsnxuokglz is not less a gambler than doexpyidv
ybmeyxv loses money more than lcwatsogo, so ybmeyxv is not less a gambler than lcwatsogo
keme loses money more than gkkf, so keme is not less a gambler than gkkf
ozcdpxbtnd loses money more than eduxzrashh, so ozcdpxbtnd is not less a gambler than eduxzrashh
jvwhiywo loses money more than gaqkjzlzvxrx, so gaqkjzlzvxrx is not more of a gambler than jvwhiywo
doexpyidv loses money more than swsnxuokglz, so swsnxuokglz is not more of a gambler than doexpyidv
lcwatsogo loses money more than ybmeyxv, so ybmeyxv is not more of a gambler than lcwatsogo
gkkf loses money more than keme, so keme is not more of a gambler than gkkf
eduxzrashh loses money more than ozcdpxbtnd, so ozcdpxbtnd is not more of a gambler than eduxzrashh
nnue talks to another person's boss more than eezekmeaqem, so nnue is more considerate than eezekmeaqem
roi talks to another person's boss more than mvwpkjnz, so roi is more considerate than mvwpkjnz
bdgqwh talks to another person's boss more than cknw, so bdgqwh is more considerate than cknw
yuhjhu talks to another person's boss more than ajbtak, so yuhjhu is more considerate than ajbtak
ltlomp talks to another person's boss more than kxlwbglbqj, so ltlomp is more considerate than kxlwbglbqj
nnue talks to another person's boss more than eezekmeaqem, so eezekmeaqem is less considerate than nnue
roi talks to another person's boss more than mvwpkjnz, so mvwpkjnz is less considerate than roi
bdgqwh talks to another person's boss more than cknw, so cknw is less considerate than bdgqwh
yuhjhu talks to another person's boss more than ajbtak, so ajbtak is less considerate than yuhjhu
ltlomp talks to another person's boss more than kxlwbglbqj, so kxlwbglbqj is less considerate than ltlomp
twgg talks to another person's boss more than jgmht, so twgg is not less considerate than jgmht
eycau talks to another person's boss more than ynmgeyrdidml, so eycau is not less considerate than ynmgeyrdidml
ogibmn talks to another person's boss more than clzyjhsd, so ogibmn is not less considerate than clzyjhsd
dzhdmggljy talks to another person's boss more than lxe, so dzhdmggljy is not less considerate than lxe
otb talks to another person's boss more than hmdagqgp, so otb is not less considerate than hmdagqgp
jgmht talks to another person's boss more than twgg, so twgg is not more considerate than jgmht
ynmgeyrdidml talks to another person's boss more than eycau, so eycau is not more considerate than ynmgeyrdidml
clzyjhsd talks to another person's boss more than ogibmn, so ogibmn is not more considerate than clzyjhsd
lxe talks to another person's boss more than dzhdmggljy, so dzhdmggljy is not more considerate than lxe
hmdagqgp talks to another person's boss more than otb, so otb is not more considerate than hmdagqgp
ysmh eats another person out of house and home more than ujzboxmd, so ysmh is more social than ujzboxmd
pvxjep eats another person out of house and home more than xqpyzh, so pvxjep is more social than xqpyzh
kcatx eats another person out of house and home more than gyamdjl, so kcatx is more social than gyamdjl
eclvupjnixy eats another person out of house and home more than tzouhnnxr, so eclvupjnixy is more social than tzouhnnxr
fqczouvet eats another person out of house and home more than iskd, so fqczouvet is more social than iskd
ysmh eats another person out of house and home more than ujzboxmd, so ujzboxmd is less social than ysmh
pvxjep eats another person out of house and home more than xqpyzh, so xqpyzh is less social than pvxjep
kcatx eats another person out of house and home more than gyamdjl, so gyamdjl is less social than kcatx
eclvupjnixy eats another person out of house and home more than tzouhnnxr, so tzouhnnxr is less social than eclvupjnixy
fqczouvet eats another person out of house and home more than iskd, so iskd is less social than fqczouvet
ilp eats another person out of house and home more than hoaauwteyqb, so ilp is not less social than hoaauwteyqb
qmckzbrzjtro eats another person out of house and home more than uuosa, so qmckzbrzjtro is not less social than uuosa
mamdrzholxg eats another person out of house and home more than zinhcxbkw, so mamdrzholxg is not less social than zinhcxbkw
vezuiybzhnm eats another person out of house and home more than zxtivlk, so vezuiybzhnm is not less social than zxtivlk
wkr eats another person out of house and home more than tkzuswoul, so wkr is not less social than tkzuswoul
hoaauwteyqb eats another person out of house and home more than ilp, so ilp is not more social than hoaauwteyqb
uuosa eats another person out of house and home more than qmckzbrzjtro, so qmckzbrzjtro is not more social than uuosa
zinhcxbkw eats another person out of house and home more than mamdrzholxg, so mamdrzholxg is not more social than zinhcxbkw
zxtivlk eats another person out of house and home more than vezuiybzhnm, so vezuiybzhnm is not more social than zxtivlk
tkzuswoul eats another person out of house and home more than wkr, so wkr is not more social than tkzuswoul
bgivcpqeu swims at the local pool more than sqwiloafksy, so bgivcpqeu is more community spirited than sqwiloafksy
uoztxvqxo swims at the local pool more than akhnrza, so uoztxvqxo is more community spirited than akhnrza
upaahudz swims at the local pool more than ygyr, so upaahudz is more community spirited than ygyr
nzesplgobx swims at the local pool more than ueyai, so nzesplgobx is more community spirited than ueyai
wlunuowzk swims at the local pool more than jphrgg, so wlunuowzk is more community spirited than jphrgg
bgivcpqeu swims at the local pool more than sqwiloafksy, so sqwiloafksy is less community spirited than bgivcpqeu
uoztxvqxo swims at the local pool more than akhnrza, so akhnrza is less community spirited than uoztxvqxo
upaahudz swims at the local pool more than ygyr, so ygyr is less community spirited than upaahudz
nzesplgobx swims at the local pool more than ueyai, so ueyai is less community spirited than nzesplgobx
wlunuowzk swims at the local pool more than jphrgg, so jphrgg is less community spirited than wlunuowzk
irpd swims at the local pool more than ttx, so irpd is not less community spirited than ttx
dgmv swims at the local pool more than bcposfig, so dgmv is not less community spirited than bcposfig
vtaaivxevand swims at the local pool more than fjmcinykol, so vtaaivxevand is not less community spirited than fjmcinykol
esdnahwnpahy swims at the local pool more than inrddxcoutnc, so esdnahwnpahy is not less community spirited than inrddxcoutnc
rmcagswmv swims at the local pool more than mtwkjlrc, so rmcagswmv is not less community spirited than mtwkjlrc
ttx swims at the local pool more than irpd, so irpd is not more community spirited than ttx
bcposfig swims at the local pool more than dgmv, so dgmv is not more community spirited than bcposfig
fjmcinykol swims at the local pool more than vtaaivxevand, so vtaaivxevand is not more community spirited than fjmcinykol
inrddxcoutnc swims at the local pool more than esdnahwnpahy, so esdnahwnpahy is not more community spirited than inrddxcoutnc
mtwkjlrc swims at the local pool more than rmcagswmv, so rmcagswmv is not more community spirited than mtwkjlrc
mlmacdbz is sick and tired more than fca, so mlmacdbz is more cold than fca
shbqroemi is sick and tired more than lkdsptgeqb, so shbqroemi is more cold than lkdsptgeqb
xrxc is sick and tired more than fjmpogoqn, so xrxc is more cold than fjmpogoqn
shcelcys is sick and tired more than vplkkohaqdq, so shcelcys is more cold than vplkkohaqdq
jycpa is sick and tired more than knytaer, so jycpa is more cold than knytaer
mlmacdbz is sick and tired more than fca, so fca is less cold than mlmacdbz
shbqroemi is sick and tired more than lkdsptgeqb, so lkdsptgeqb is less cold than shbqroemi
xrxc is sick and tired more than fjmpogoqn, so fjmpogoqn is less cold than xrxc
shcelcys is sick and tired more than vplkkohaqdq, so vplkkohaqdq is less cold than shcelcys
jycpa is sick and tired more than knytaer, so knytaer is less cold than jycpa
bunfyjfwlblc is sick and tired more than wlyasiwkun, so bunfyjfwlblc is not less cold than wlyasiwkun
ljdpkyqcnb is sick and tired more than nzljtqlq, so ljdpkyqcnb is not less cold than nzljtqlq
oja is sick and tired more than sucxaxkyw, so oja is not less cold than sucxaxkyw
ndikawb is sick and tired more than tfcf, so ndikawb is not less cold than tfcf
grwly is sick and tired more than uspuhcauzali, so grwly is not less cold than uspuhcauzali
wlyasiwkun is sick and tired more than bunfyjfwlblc, so bunfyjfwlblc is not more cold than wlyasiwkun
nzljtqlq is sick and tired more than ljdpkyqcnb, so ljdpkyqcnb is not more cold than nzljtqlq
sucxaxkyw is sick and tired more than oja, so oja is not more cold than sucxaxkyw
tfcf is sick and tired more than ndikawb, so ndikawb is not more cold than tfcf
uspuhcauzali is sick and tired more than grwly, so grwly is not more cold than uspuhcauzali
lqyrvsndfgdi asks to leave while yhxluxe does not, so lqyrvsndfgdi is more upset than yhxluxe
ambcr asks to leave while ozfdl does not, so ambcr is more upset than ozfdl
ogqsxwqmdir asks to leave while qzitbyl does not, so ogqsxwqmdir is more upset than qzitbyl
agghvyibhmdu asks to leave while javcncq does not, so agghvyibhmdu is more upset than javcncq
hsy asks to leave while xvv does not, so hsy is more upset than xvv
lqyrvsndfgdi asks to leave more than yhxluxe, so yhxluxe is less upset than lqyrvsndfgdi
ambcr asks to leave more than ozfdl, so ozfdl is less upset than ambcr
ogqsxwqmdir asks to leave more than qzitbyl, so qzitbyl is less upset than ogqsxwqmdir
agghvyibhmdu asks to leave more than javcncq, so javcncq is less upset than agghvyibhmdu
hsy asks to leave more than xvv, so xvv is less upset than hsy
ljnb asks to leave more than jby, so ljnb is not less upset than jby
obdwqndzn asks to leave more than gfpiqkputtl, so obdwqndzn is not less upset than gfpiqkputtl
tqwfr asks to leave more than lywdkpom, so tqwfr is not less upset than lywdkpom
pwn asks to leave more than nknav, so pwn is not less upset than nknav
wstpr asks to leave more than kmn, so wstpr is not less upset than kmn
jby asks to leave more than ljnb, so ljnb is not more upset than jby
gfpiqkputtl asks to leave more than obdwqndzn, so obdwqndzn is not more upset than gfpiqkputtl
lywdkpom asks to leave more than tqwfr, so tqwfr is not more upset than lywdkpom
nknav asks to leave more than pwn, so pwn is not more upset than nknav
kmn asks to leave more than wstpr, so wstpr is not more upset than kmn
jhsozlfvjnz loves another person's motorcycle more than dqihpehfm, so jhsozlfvjnz is more jealous than dqihpehfm
rfjzimqkcehm loves another person's motorcycle more than woynkr, so rfjzimqkcehm is more jealous than woynkr
hagbo loves another person's motorcycle more than lotnhetjhlx, so hagbo is more jealous than lotnhetjhlx
tdg loves another person's motorcycle more than vsnktykfmqv, so tdg is more jealous than vsnktykfmqv
gopxxaptj loves another person's motorcycle more than auhj, so gopxxaptj is more jealous than auhj
jhsozlfvjnz loves another person's motorcycle more than dqihpehfm, so dqihpehfm is more jealous than jhsozlfvjnz
rfjzimqkcehm loves another person's motorcycle more than woynkr, so woynkr is more jealous than rfjzimqkcehm
hagbo loves another person's motorcycle more than lotnhetjhlx, so lotnhetjhlx is more jealous than hagbo
tdg loves another person's motorcycle more than vsnktykfmqv, so vsnktykfmqv is more jealous than tdg
gopxxaptj loves another person's motorcycle more than auhj, so auhj is more jealous than gopxxaptj
xswjvhajiq loves another person's motorcycle more than cqyw, so xswjvhajiq is not less jealous than cqyw
pduvsjfbp loves another person's motorcycle more than ohnglevktp, so pduvsjfbp is not less jealous than ohnglevktp
iidrjhrsl loves another person's motorcycle more than jlvpqlmwlopr, so iidrjhrsl is not less jealous than jlvpqlmwlopr
mvz loves another person's motorcycle more than wtokgyio, so mvz is not less jealous than wtokgyio
mhjw loves another person's motorcycle more than rdretahrhwkk, so mhjw is not less jealous than rdretahrhwkk
cqyw loves another person's motorcycle more than xswjvhajiq, so xswjvhajiq is not more jealous than cqyw
ohnglevktp loves another person's motorcycle more than pduvsjfbp, so pduvsjfbp is not more jealous than ohnglevktp
jlvpqlmwlopr loves another person's motorcycle more than iidrjhrsl, so iidrjhrsl is not more jealous than jlvpqlmwlopr
wtokgyio loves another person's motorcycle more than mvz, so mvz is not more jealous than wtokgyio
rdretahrhwkk loves another person's motorcycle more than mhjw, so mhjw is not more jealous than rdretahrhwkk
bvhvnom buys a new bike more than npnbqradf, so bvhvnom is more acquisitive than npnbqradf
fgajbd buys a new bike more than dwmlufk, so fgajbd is more acquisitive than dwmlufk
pyeospzhhme buys a new bike more than qohaval, so pyeospzhhme is more acquisitive than qohaval
brweyfcqwped buys a new bike more than xosfagpns, so brweyfcqwped is more acquisitive than xosfagpns
nvvwbyratmf buys a new bike more than irjevp, so nvvwbyratmf is more acquisitive than irjevp
bvhvnom buys a new bike more than npnbqradf, so npnbqradf is less acquisitive than bvhvnom
fgajbd buys a new bike more than dwmlufk, so dwmlufk is less acquisitive than fgajbd
pyeospzhhme buys a new bike more than qohaval, so qohaval is less acquisitive than pyeospzhhme
brweyfcqwped buys a new bike more than xosfagpns, so xosfagpns is less acquisitive than brweyfcqwped
nvvwbyratmf buys a new bike more than irjevp, so irjevp is less acquisitive than nvvwbyratmf
jof buys a new bike more than mobyf, so jof is not less acquisitive than mobyf
cjqpqb buys a new bike more than fwbdikdn, so cjqpqb is not less acquisitive than fwbdikdn
qszqbnd buys a new bike more than yruukup, so qszqbnd is not less acquisitive than yruukup
zqmufs buys a new bike more than zewlg, so zqmufs is not less acquisitive than zewlg
eepcbbv buys a new bike more than vwvvci, so eepcbbv is not less acquisitive than vwvvci
mobyf buys a new bike more than jof, so jof is not more acquisitive than mobyf
fwbdikdn buys a new bike more than cjqpqb, so cjqpqb is not more acquisitive than fwbdikdn
yruukup buys a new bike more than qszqbnd, so qszqbnd is not more acquisitive than yruukup
zewlg buys a new bike more than zqmufs, so zqmufs is not more acquisitive than zewlg
vwvvci buys a new bike more than eepcbbv, so eepcbbv is not more acquisitive than vwvvci
cdkrjnoddp calls the cops more than ebcwcasgcn, so cdkrjnoddp is more frightened than ebcwcasgcn
gaurej calls the cops more than gmzjhp, so gaurej is more frightened than gmzjhp
inxasirieh calls the cops more than soxnz, so inxasirieh is more frightened than soxnz
smtia calls the cops more than ztoqqbzwvjjy, so smtia is more frightened than ztoqqbzwvjjy
mlpugmhmf calls the cops more than cooxurgie, so mlpugmhmf is more frightened than cooxurgie
cdkrjnoddp calls the cops more than ebcwcasgcn, so ebcwcasgcn is less frightened than cdkrjnoddp
gaurej calls the cops more than gmzjhp, so gmzjhp is less frightened than gaurej
inxasirieh calls the cops more than soxnz, so soxnz is less frightened than inxasirieh
smtia calls the cops more than ztoqqbzwvjjy, so ztoqqbzwvjjy is less frightened than smtia
mlpugmhmf calls the cops more than cooxurgie, so cooxurgie is less frightened than mlpugmhmf
pux calls the cops more than kgxeupgvi, so pux is not less frightened than kgxeupgvi
fcih calls the cops more than daxdzczray, so fcih is not less frightened than daxdzczray
fosdzv calls the cops more than bfkgxv, so fosdzv is not less frightened than bfkgxv
wywuruiy calls the cops more than omdvjgtbx, so wywuruiy is not less frightened than omdvjgtbx
ezsybogqwb calls the cops more than las, so ezsybogqwb is not less frightened than las
kgxeupgvi calls the cops more than pux, so pux is not more frightened than kgxeupgvi
daxdzczray calls the cops more than fcih, so fcih is not more frightened than daxdzczray
bfkgxv calls the cops more than fosdzv, so fosdzv is not more frightened than bfkgxv
omdvjgtbx calls the cops more than wywuruiy, so wywuruiy is not more frightened than omdvjgtbx
las calls the cops more than ezsybogqwb, so ezsybogqwb is not more frightened than las
atom performs their functions more than kpvevekmcuf, so atom is more excitable than kpvevekmcuf
kgompqdero performs their functions more than iiqcpajkwl, so kgompqdero is more excitable than iiqcpajkwl
zumm performs their functions more than mxp, so zumm is more excitable than mxp
cfx performs their functions more than fjmnpwnsbavb, so cfx is more excitable than fjmnpwnsbavb
lbmpedqc performs their functions more than htrkjmfxt, so lbmpedqc is more excitable than htrkjmfxt
atom performs their functions more than kpvevekmcuf, so kpvevekmcuf is less excitable than atom
kgompqdero performs their functions more than iiqcpajkwl, so iiqcpajkwl is less excitable than kgompqdero
zumm performs their functions more than mxp, so mxp is less excitable than zumm
cfx performs their functions more than fjmnpwnsbavb, so fjmnpwnsbavb is less excitable than cfx
lbmpedqc performs their functions more than htrkjmfxt, so htrkjmfxt is less excitable than lbmpedqc
fdkvaaypyloi performs their functions more than zyjqmrgzhmle, so fdkvaaypyloi is not less excitable than zyjqmrgzhmle
mbitduydi performs their functions more than ljjjs, so mbitduydi is not less excitable than ljjjs
silmbrqvfn performs their functions more than tmugkd, so silmbrqvfn is not less excitable than tmugkd
iusqgs performs their functions more than xvjkm, so iusqgs is not less excitable than xvjkm
duufdnwvkmy performs their functions more than hwxcvrkhx, so duufdnwvkmy is not less excitable than hwxcvrkhx
zyjqmrgzhmle performs their functions more than fdkvaaypyloi, so fdkvaaypyloi is not more excitable than zyjqmrgzhmle
ljjjs performs their functions more than mbitduydi, so mbitduydi is not more excitable than ljjjs
tmugkd performs their functions more than silmbrqvfn, so silmbrqvfn is not more excitable than tmugkd
xvjkm performs their functions more than iusqgs, so iusqgs is not more excitable than xvjkm
hwxcvrkhx performs their functions more than duufdnwvkmy, so duufdnwvkmy is not more excitable than hwxcvrkhx
bcmmzkytp risks another person's life more than vjgqmpwv, so bcmmzkytp is more dangerous than vjgqmpwv
ujiffjr risks another person's life more than jysncdhzu, so ujiffjr is more dangerous than jysncdhzu
rmf risks another person's life more than aavxqvox, so rmf is more dangerous than aavxqvox
gskknlyktgl risks another person's life more than rrbjfighn, so gskknlyktgl is more dangerous than rrbjfighn
zdgzpevzbaoy risks another person's life more than eafuda, so zdgzpevzbaoy is more dangerous than eafuda
bcmmzkytp risks another person's life more than vjgqmpwv, so vjgqmpwv is less dangerous than bcmmzkytp
ujiffjr risks another person's life more than jysncdhzu, so jysncdhzu is less dangerous than ujiffjr
rmf risks another person's life more than aavxqvox, so aavxqvox is less dangerous than rmf
gskknlyktgl risks another person's life more than rrbjfighn, so rrbjfighn is less dangerous than gskknlyktgl
zdgzpevzbaoy risks another person's life more than eafuda, so eafuda is less dangerous than zdgzpevzbaoy
sltaf risks another person's life more than rqzbuojifeh, so sltaf is not less dangerous than rqzbuojifeh
kwxpbgzq risks another person's life more than lqsgevnqsrm, so kwxpbgzq is not less dangerous than lqsgevnqsrm
sdhhkvvuob risks another person's life more than bicgqfwcbi, so sdhhkvvuob is not less dangerous than bicgqfwcbi
cadbbqsqjfov risks another person's life more than xomeyejvenfi, so cadbbqsqjfov is not less dangerous than xomeyejvenfi
knnlhnmm risks another person's life more than jzibbwsxxbzv, so knnlhnmm is not less dangerous than jzibbwsxxbzv
rqzbuojifeh risks another person's life more than sltaf, so sltaf is not more dangerous than rqzbuojifeh
lqsgevnqsrm risks another person's life more than kwxpbgzq, so kwxpbgzq is not more dangerous than lqsgevnqsrm
bicgqfwcbi risks another person's life more than sdhhkvvuob, so sdhhkvvuob is not more dangerous than bicgqfwcbi
xomeyejvenfi risks another person's life more than cadbbqsqjfov, so cadbbqsqjfov is not more dangerous than xomeyejvenfi
jzibbwsxxbzv risks another person's life more than knnlhnmm, so knnlhnmm is not more dangerous than jzibbwsxxbzv
epkse shoots the messenger more than pde, so epkse is less self defeating than pde
zhbcntnqmir shoots the messenger more than vxh, so zhbcntnqmir is less self defeating than vxh
iaswzsbxgbvg shoots the messenger more than tkt, so iaswzsbxgbvg is less self defeating than tkt
etxoe shoots the messenger more than vhwbohbfp, so etxoe is less self defeating than vhwbohbfp
sqvn shoots the messenger more than ccyh, so sqvn is less self defeating than ccyh
epkse shoots the messenger more than pde, so pde is less self defeating than epkse
zhbcntnqmir shoots the messenger more than vxh, so vxh is less self defeating than zhbcntnqmir
iaswzsbxgbvg shoots the messenger more than tkt, so tkt is less self defeating than iaswzsbxgbvg
etxoe shoots the messenger more than vhwbohbfp, so vhwbohbfp is less self defeating than etxoe
sqvn shoots the messenger more than ccyh, so ccyh is less self defeating than sqvn
urynnqb shoots the messenger more than moj, so urynnqb is not less self defeating than moj
dlgd shoots the messenger more than dauuufe, so dlgd is not less self defeating than dauuufe
cwbkfwook shoots the messenger more than alldrkccie, so cwbkfwook is not less self defeating than alldrkccie
mhvsgm shoots the messenger more than mnolihst, so mhvsgm is not less self defeating than mnolihst
phymyi shoots the messenger more than bovncydzbntt, so phymyi is not less self defeating than bovncydzbntt
moj shoots the messenger more than urynnqb, so urynnqb is not more self defeating than moj
dauuufe shoots the messenger more than dlgd, so dlgd is not more self defeating than dauuufe
alldrkccie shoots the messenger more than cwbkfwook, so cwbkfwook is not more self defeating than alldrkccie
mnolihst shoots the messenger more than mhvsgm, so mhvsgm is not more self defeating than mnolihst
bovncydzbntt shoots the messenger more than phymyi, so phymyi is not more self defeating than bovncydzbntt
xhzuaueulq arrives back home more than clty, so xhzuaueulq is more restless than clty
nahyxg arrives back home more than bucjmqag, so nahyxg is more restless than bucjmqag
bsyzyr arrives back home more than ikiqcaszk, so bsyzyr is more restless than ikiqcaszk
eqjxeqcqa arrives back home more than glcp, so eqjxeqcqa is more restless than glcp
edpcl arrives back home more than ktjpecolx, so edpcl is more restless than ktjpecolx
xhzuaueulq arrives back home more than clty, so clty is less restless than xhzuaueulq
nahyxg arrives back home more than bucjmqag, so bucjmqag is less restless than nahyxg
bsyzyr arrives back home more than ikiqcaszk, so ikiqcaszk is less restless than bsyzyr
eqjxeqcqa arrives back home more than glcp, so glcp is less restless than eqjxeqcqa
edpcl arrives back home more than ktjpecolx, so ktjpecolx is less restless than edpcl
azwkffipu arrives back home more than ligfzq, so azwkffipu is not less restless than ligfzq
nwnfpjd arrives back home more than wtibtorsxd, so nwnfpjd is not less restless than wtibtorsxd
awthf arrives back home more than uoswague, so awthf is not less restless than uoswague
gfkxcvja arrives back home more than ujgcuk, so gfkxcvja is not less restless than ujgcuk
busw arrives back home more than krk, so busw is not less restless than krk
ligfzq arrives back home more than azwkffipu, so azwkffipu is not more restless than ligfzq
wtibtorsxd arrives back home more than nwnfpjd, so nwnfpjd is not more restless than wtibtorsxd
uoswague arrives back home more than awthf, so awthf is not more restless than uoswague
ujgcuk arrives back home more than gfkxcvja, so gfkxcvja is not more restless than ujgcuk
krk arrives back home more than busw, so busw is not more restless than krk
ryu tells another person would go more than iftpplurf, so ryu is more controlling than iftpplurf
xbo tells another person would go more than hqhc, so xbo is more controlling than hqhc
udmcehxhjt tells another person would go more than hkfyechnu, so udmcehxhjt is more controlling than hkfyechnu
wcxobxyczso tells another person would go more than wrt, so wcxobxyczso is more controlling than wrt
ddmmdlsyqtq tells another person would go more than wwf, so ddmmdlsyqtq is more controlling than wwf
ryu tells another person would go more than iftpplurf, so iftpplurf is less controlling than ryu
xbo tells another person would go more than hqhc, so hqhc is less controlling than xbo
udmcehxhjt tells another person would go more than hkfyechnu, so hkfyechnu is less controlling than udmcehxhjt
wcxobxyczso tells another person would go more than wrt, so wrt is less controlling than wcxobxyczso
ddmmdlsyqtq tells another person would go more than wwf, so wwf is less controlling than ddmmdlsyqtq
rbgzdnyimz tells another person would go more than atximt, so rbgzdnyimz is not less controlling than atximt
cjljwiy tells another person would go more than cgzwydtn, so cjljwiy is not less controlling than cgzwydtn
fibxsrtxu tells another person would go more than xja, so fibxsrtxu is not less controlling than xja
hvhi tells another person would go more than zoqaqq, so hvhi is not less controlling than zoqaqq
jjpfk tells another person would go more than haqaoi, so jjpfk is not less controlling than haqaoi
atximt tells another person would go more than rbgzdnyimz, so rbgzdnyimz is not more controlling than atximt
cgzwydtn tells another person would go more than cjljwiy, so cjljwiy is not more controlling than cgzwydtn
xja tells another person would go more than fibxsrtxu, so fibxsrtxu is not more controlling than xja
zoqaqq tells another person would go more than hvhi, so hvhi is not more controlling than zoqaqq
haqaoi tells another person would go more than jjpfk, so jjpfk is not more controlling than haqaoi
atyefqn starts looking for a new job more than xgdasrwgxotc, so atyefqn is more hardworking than xgdasrwgxotc
lvgrmzcjwur starts looking for a new job more than zmhmnnwqqjc, so lvgrmzcjwur is more hardworking than zmhmnnwqqjc
pigwqygqfh starts looking for a new job more than kjqy, so pigwqygqfh is more hardworking than kjqy
ggv starts looking for a new job more than kibmtbfzyj, so ggv is more hardworking than kibmtbfzyj
evcxtsiqag starts looking for a new job more than rfgjuxdp, so evcxtsiqag is more hardworking than rfgjuxdp
atyefqn starts looking for a new job more than xgdasrwgxotc, so xgdasrwgxotc is less hardworking than atyefqn
lvgrmzcjwur starts looking for a new job more than zmhmnnwqqjc, so zmhmnnwqqjc is less hardworking than lvgrmzcjwur
pigwqygqfh starts looking for a new job more than kjqy, so kjqy is less hardworking than pigwqygqfh
ggv starts looking for a new job more than kibmtbfzyj, so kibmtbfzyj is less hardworking than ggv
evcxtsiqag starts looking for a new job more than rfgjuxdp, so rfgjuxdp is less hardworking than evcxtsiqag
kjc starts looking for a new job more than imlkzvh, so kjc is not less hardworking than imlkzvh
eopxmjhxjl starts looking for a new job more than sohpch, so eopxmjhxjl is not less hardworking than sohpch
hpjeau starts looking for a new job more than xzbteh, so hpjeau is not less hardworking than xzbteh
trj starts looking for a new job more than cjyvifrbb, so trj is not less hardworking than cjyvifrbb
jhgpar starts looking for a new job more than yno, so jhgpar is not less hardworking than yno
imlkzvh starts looking for a new job more than kjc, so kjc is not more hardworking than imlkzvh
sohpch starts looking for a new job more than eopxmjhxjl, so eopxmjhxjl is not more hardworking than sohpch
xzbteh starts looking for a new job more than hpjeau, so hpjeau is not more hardworking than xzbteh
cjyvifrbb starts looking for a new job more than trj, so trj is not more hardworking than cjyvifrbb
yno starts looking for a new job more than jhgpar, so jhgpar is not more hardworking than yno
ozp stays put more than bassxmntn, so ozp is more lazy than bassxmntn
tbxjowyblnle stays put more than zjhdtikx, so tbxjowyblnle is more lazy than zjhdtikx
leysbxsm stays put more than hejl, so leysbxsm is more lazy than hejl
ixcshmd stays put more than teeqvnddn, so ixcshmd is more lazy than teeqvnddn
ckowpxuwr stays put more than nrbdtdsvan, so ckowpxuwr is more lazy than nrbdtdsvan
ozp stays put more than bassxmntn, so bassxmntn is less lazy than ozp
tbxjowyblnle stays put more than zjhdtikx, so zjhdtikx is less lazy than tbxjowyblnle
leysbxsm stays put more than hejl, so hejl is less lazy than leysbxsm
ixcshmd stays put more than teeqvnddn, so teeqvnddn is less lazy than ixcshmd
ckowpxuwr stays put more than nrbdtdsvan, so nrbdtdsvan is less lazy than ckowpxuwr
sxjasih stays put more than lirahwifbzr, so sxjasih is not less lazy than lirahwifbzr
miceyic stays put more than pxvz, so miceyic is not less lazy than pxvz
fnbzcvlclclu stays put more than aksokza, so fnbzcvlclclu is not less lazy than aksokza
vzlcjgcckqwf stays put more than wftxaqg, so vzlcjgcckqwf is not less lazy than wftxaqg
tbjlbqj stays put more than wynlzc, so tbjlbqj is not less lazy than wynlzc
lirahwifbzr stays put more than sxjasih, so sxjasih is not more lazy than lirahwifbzr
pxvz stays put more than miceyic, so miceyic is not more lazy than pxvz
aksokza stays put more than fnbzcvlclclu, so fnbzcvlclclu is not more lazy than aksokza
wftxaqg stays put more than vzlcjgcckqwf, so vzlcjgcckqwf is not more lazy than wftxaqg
wynlzc stays put more than tbjlbqj, so tbjlbqj is not more lazy than wynlzc
vbz turns another person's back on another person more than zfbzbnoknqm, so vbz is more betraying than zfbzbnoknqm
arcohdgpqyfc turns another person's back on another person more than gxgyhgu, so arcohdgpqyfc is more betraying than gxgyhgu
qydbaksbza turns another person's back on another person more than tpluldekgyra, so qydbaksbza is more betraying than tpluldekgyra
uyrceyaqvvc turns another person's back on another person more than cqsqg, so uyrceyaqvvc is more betraying than cqsqg
dtgiutf turns another person's back on another person more than yshisqvtztwe, so dtgiutf is more betraying than yshisqvtztwe
vbz turns another person's back on another person more than zfbzbnoknqm, so zfbzbnoknqm is less betraying than vbz
arcohdgpqyfc turns another person's back on another person more than gxgyhgu, so gxgyhgu is less betraying than arcohdgpqyfc
qydbaksbza turns another person's back on another person more than tpluldekgyra, so tpluldekgyra is less betraying than qydbaksbza
uyrceyaqvvc turns another person's back on another person more than cqsqg, so cqsqg is less betraying than uyrceyaqvvc
dtgiutf turns another person's back on another person more than yshisqvtztwe, so yshisqvtztwe is less betraying than dtgiutf
gmyoqzrg turns another person's back on another person more than tmoksvmk, so gmyoqzrg is not less betraying than tmoksvmk
iuaeelrc turns another person's back on another person more than vfejug, so iuaeelrc is not less betraying than vfejug
eusautkufetp turns another person's back on another person more than wfsswfmopv, so eusautkufetp is not less betraying than wfsswfmopv
ipmk turns another person's back on another person more than tmp, so ipmk is not less betraying than tmp
npopdsvu turns another person's back on another person more than exfyhxjn, so npopdsvu is not less betraying than exfyhxjn
tmoksvmk turns another person's back on another person more than gmyoqzrg, so gmyoqzrg is not more betraying than tmoksvmk
vfejug turns another person's back on another person more than iuaeelrc, so iuaeelrc is not more betraying than vfejug
wfsswfmopv turns another person's back on another person more than eusautkufetp, so eusautkufetp is not more betraying than wfsswfmopv
tmp turns another person's back on another person more than ipmk, so ipmk is not more betraying than tmp
exfyhxjn turns another person's back on another person more than npopdsvu, so npopdsvu is not more betraying than exfyhxjn
lrilb gets another person's number more than hqbep, so lrilb is more smooth than hqbep
gfblcdl gets another person's number more than ewiufy, so gfblcdl is more smooth than ewiufy
mrnzfpkppjjs gets another person's number more than cjkj, so mrnzfpkppjjs is more smooth than cjkj
yluyk gets another person's number more than lrafen, so yluyk is more smooth than lrafen
vdem gets another person's number more than saeffbgombbt, so vdem is more smooth than saeffbgombbt
lrilb gets another person's number more than hqbep, so hqbep is less smooth than lrilb
gfblcdl gets another person's number more than ewiufy, so ewiufy is less smooth than gfblcdl
mrnzfpkppjjs gets another person's number more than cjkj, so cjkj is less smooth than mrnzfpkppjjs
yluyk gets another person's number more than lrafen, so lrafen is less smooth than yluyk
vdem gets another person's number more than saeffbgombbt, so saeffbgombbt is less smooth than vdem
xrxkqh gets another person's number more than wmgf, so xrxkqh is not more smooth than wmgf
jzzlibtutl gets another person's number more than bwcjzs, so jzzlibtutl is not more smooth than bwcjzs
xyllhnsb gets another person's number more than vkhbhruwf, so xyllhnsb is not more smooth than vkhbhruwf
qyxykkkubo gets another person's number more than nzhorpgfvth, so qyxykkkubo is not more smooth than nzhorpgfvth
smjoysdcnwk gets another person's number more than qwswalu, so smjoysdcnwk is not more smooth than qwswalu
wmgf gets another person's number more than xrxkqh, so xrxkqh is not more smooth than wmgf
bwcjzs gets another person's number more than jzzlibtutl, so jzzlibtutl is not more smooth than bwcjzs
vkhbhruwf gets another person's number more than xyllhnsb, so xyllhnsb is not more smooth than vkhbhruwf
nzhorpgfvth gets another person's number more than qyxykkkubo, so qyxykkkubo is not more smooth than nzhorpgfvth
qwswalu gets another person's number more than smjoysdcnwk, so smjoysdcnwk is not more smooth than qwswalu
lsuhgybuvlos is n't paying much attention while vmw is, so lsuhgybuvlos is more lazy than vmw
lch is n't paying much attention while sshtoi is, so lch is more lazy than sshtoi
dxkduvxhh is n't paying much attention while oauvenrkrv is, so dxkduvxhh is more lazy than oauvenrkrv
mifwgopqf is n't paying much attention while altqtpxkqws is, so mifwgopqf is more lazy than altqtpxkqws
orqmwc is n't paying much attention while tbbzulxewxnb is, so orqmwc is more lazy than tbbzulxewxnb
lsuhgybuvlos is n't paying much attention while vmw is, so vmw is less lazy than lsuhgybuvlos
lch is n't paying much attention while sshtoi is, so sshtoi is less lazy than lch
dxkduvxhh is n't paying much attention while oauvenrkrv is, so oauvenrkrv is less lazy than dxkduvxhh
mifwgopqf is n't paying much attention while altqtpxkqws is, so altqtpxkqws is less lazy than mifwgopqf
orqmwc is n't paying much attention while tbbzulxewxnb is, so tbbzulxewxnb is less lazy than orqmwc
szj is n't paying much attention while jgc is, so szj is not less lazy than jgc
rsxoftt is n't paying much attention while vxdqaf is, so rsxoftt is not less lazy than vxdqaf
vxefs is n't paying much attention while ruy is, so vxefs is not less lazy than ruy
nfr is n't paying much attention while cpieeeuyvp is, so nfr is not less lazy than cpieeeuyvp
ebdzbhqumi is n't paying much attention while lhscohp is, so ebdzbhqumi is not less lazy than lhscohp
jgc is n't paying much attention while szj is, so szj is not more lazy than jgc
vxdqaf is n't paying much attention while rsxoftt is, so rsxoftt is not more lazy than vxdqaf
ruy is n't paying much attention while vxefs is, so vxefs is not more lazy than ruy
cpieeeuyvp is n't paying much attention while nfr is, so nfr is not more lazy than cpieeeuyvp
lhscohp is n't paying much attention while ebdzbhqumi is, so ebdzbhqumi is not more lazy than lhscohp
zgqrzkrxatm buys their lunch more than ukkh, so zgqrzkrxatm is more kind than ukkh
tqdncqct buys their lunch more than mrjl, so tqdncqct is more kind than mrjl
ojpzvmu buys their lunch more than mkwfd, so ojpzvmu is more kind than mkwfd
ygnscst buys their lunch more than qutbvuekyz, so ygnscst is more kind than qutbvuekyz
hvl buys their lunch more than zovvmvlvkj, so hvl is more kind than zovvmvlvkj
zgqrzkrxatm buys their lunch more than ukkh, so ukkh is more kind than zgqrzkrxatm
tqdncqct buys their lunch more than mrjl, so mrjl is more kind than tqdncqct
ojpzvmu buys their lunch more than mkwfd, so mkwfd is more kind than ojpzvmu
ygnscst buys their lunch more than qutbvuekyz, so qutbvuekyz is more kind than ygnscst
hvl buys their lunch more than zovvmvlvkj, so zovvmvlvkj is more kind than hvl
dxc buys their lunch more than pyvtaoelq, so dxc is not less kind than pyvtaoelq
gjllemj buys their lunch more than cytx, so gjllemj is not less kind than cytx
czhzaoguu buys their lunch more than qkm, so czhzaoguu is not less kind than qkm
bqxehn buys their lunch more than tjrfmmkefss, so bqxehn is not less kind than tjrfmmkefss
jigcd buys their lunch more than xbtzrnod, so jigcd is not less kind than xbtzrnod
pyvtaoelq buys their lunch more than dxc, so dxc is not more kind than pyvtaoelq
cytx buys their lunch more than gjllemj, so gjllemj is not more kind than cytx
qkm buys their lunch more than czhzaoguu, so czhzaoguu is not more kind than qkm
tjrfmmkefss buys their lunch more than bqxehn, so bqxehn is not more kind than tjrfmmkefss
xbtzrnod buys their lunch more than jigcd, so jigcd is not more kind than xbtzrnod
aievm gives another person expression more than slga, so aievm is more honest than slga
xmnyrjrrisu gives another person expression more than wafctvmk, so xmnyrjrrisu is more honest than wafctvmk
tseesldotjdu gives another person expression more than drusawe, so tseesldotjdu is more honest than drusawe
juzuedllde gives another person expression more than xugqgfagp, so juzuedllde is more honest than xugqgfagp
nrxbxau gives another person expression more than zsjf, so nrxbxau is more honest than zsjf
aievm gives another person expression more than slga, so slga is less honest than aievm
xmnyrjrrisu gives another person expression more than wafctvmk, so wafctvmk is less honest than xmnyrjrrisu
tseesldotjdu gives another person expression more than drusawe, so drusawe is less honest than tseesldotjdu
juzuedllde gives another person expression more than xugqgfagp, so xugqgfagp is less honest than juzuedllde
nrxbxau gives another person expression more than zsjf, so zsjf is less honest than nrxbxau
sdkjovrk gives another person expression more than kjeagzuzmyt, so sdkjovrk is not more honest than kjeagzuzmyt
zsugbpsruvq gives another person expression more than jup, so zsugbpsruvq is not more honest than jup
ctuw gives another person expression more than eqzfcqbgdxw, so ctuw is not more honest than eqzfcqbgdxw
zujoinxesb gives another person expression more than gjcgawz, so zujoinxesb is not more honest than gjcgawz
xga gives another person expression more than gblniohrrlmo, so xga is not more honest than gblniohrrlmo
kjeagzuzmyt gives another person expression more than sdkjovrk, so sdkjovrk is not more honest than kjeagzuzmyt
jup gives another person expression more than zsugbpsruvq, so zsugbpsruvq is not more honest than jup
eqzfcqbgdxw gives another person expression more than ctuw, so ctuw is not more honest than eqzfcqbgdxw
gjcgawz gives another person expression more than zujoinxesb, so zujoinxesb is not more honest than gjcgawz
gblniohrrlmo gives another person expression more than xga, so xga is not more honest than gblniohrrlmo
jxahcklqx poops their pants more than qypbqttfn, so jxahcklqx is more passive than qypbqttfn
cstjkzze poops their pants more than tpqondmb, so cstjkzze is more passive than tpqondmb
izighyzdhuul poops their pants more than erndlnopzi, so izighyzdhuul is more passive than erndlnopzi
ulnhcjibjk poops their pants more than gizt, so ulnhcjibjk is more passive than gizt
mciqrgbytf poops their pants more than rqqncen, so mciqrgbytf is more passive than rqqncen
jxahcklqx poops their pants more than qypbqttfn, so qypbqttfn is less passive than jxahcklqx
cstjkzze poops their pants more than tpqondmb, so tpqondmb is less passive than cstjkzze
izighyzdhuul poops their pants more than erndlnopzi, so erndlnopzi is less passive than izighyzdhuul
ulnhcjibjk poops their pants more than gizt, so gizt is less passive than ulnhcjibjk
mciqrgbytf poops their pants more than rqqncen, so rqqncen is less passive than mciqrgbytf
sivu poops their pants more than pajlaqbbq, so sivu is not less passive than pajlaqbbq
bouspjvobg poops their pants more than tasxtt, so bouspjvobg is not less passive than tasxtt
twmfseuw poops their pants more than qtcfki, so twmfseuw is not less passive than qtcfki
egcdjgxk poops their pants more than slvwljmxvtey, so egcdjgxk is not less passive than slvwljmxvtey
ztnbsr poops their pants more than doyjjczcrml, so ztnbsr is not less passive than doyjjczcrml
pajlaqbbq poops their pants more than sivu, so sivu is not more passive than pajlaqbbq
tasxtt poops their pants more than bouspjvobg, so bouspjvobg is not more passive than tasxtt
qtcfki poops their pants more than twmfseuw, so twmfseuw is not more passive than qtcfki
slvwljmxvtey poops their pants more than egcdjgxk, so egcdjgxk is not more passive than slvwljmxvtey
doyjjczcrml poops their pants more than ztnbsr, so ztnbsr is not more passive than doyjjczcrml
emvuvhs delivers pizzas more than cupkxcgwc, so emvuvhs is more determined than cupkxcgwc
gdudslbxe delivers pizzas more than zvqcm, so gdudslbxe is more determined than zvqcm
gdmvq delivers pizzas more than labi, so gdmvq is more determined than labi
aosdv delivers pizzas more than exxeilwcz, so aosdv is more determined than exxeilwcz
nfrc delivers pizzas more than daopmxzbtv, so nfrc is more determined than daopmxzbtv
emvuvhs delivers pizzas more than cupkxcgwc, so cupkxcgwc is less determined than emvuvhs
gdudslbxe delivers pizzas more than zvqcm, so zvqcm is less determined than gdudslbxe
gdmvq delivers pizzas more than labi, so labi is less determined than gdmvq
aosdv delivers pizzas more than exxeilwcz, so exxeilwcz is less determined than aosdv
nfrc delivers pizzas more than daopmxzbtv, so daopmxzbtv is less determined than nfrc
zpcm delivers pizzas more than zsqy, so zpcm is not less determined than zsqy
lnknhv delivers pizzas more than nduotllcasr, so lnknhv is not less determined than nduotllcasr
qaonj delivers pizzas more than mfvn, so qaonj is not less determined than mfvn
afxdoqr delivers pizzas more than durud, so afxdoqr is not less determined than durud
plspybkmksqb delivers pizzas more than zpkrr, so plspybkmksqb is not less determined than zpkrr
zsqy delivers pizzas more than zpcm, so zpcm is not more determined than zsqy
nduotllcasr delivers pizzas more than lnknhv, so lnknhv is not more determined than nduotllcasr
mfvn delivers pizzas more than qaonj, so qaonj is not more determined than mfvn
durud delivers pizzas more than afxdoqr, so afxdoqr is not more determined than durud
zpkrr delivers pizzas more than plspybkmksqb, so plspybkmksqb is not more determined than zpkrr
iwqcp weighs their options more than owrfltctupv, so iwqcp is more contemplative than owrfltctupv
hlqclrkab weighs their options more than ozjfutfomoo, so hlqclrkab is more contemplative than ozjfutfomoo
krzh weighs their options more than tkpisfc, so krzh is more contemplative than tkpisfc
qhzsxvypqjsu weighs their options more than ssbfgzbv, so qhzsxvypqjsu is more contemplative than ssbfgzbv
qyzisouhdt weighs their options more than kuawuqzrxpu, so qyzisouhdt is more contemplative than kuawuqzrxpu
iwqcp weighs their options more than owrfltctupv, so owrfltctupv is less contemplative than iwqcp
hlqclrkab weighs their options more than ozjfutfomoo, so ozjfutfomoo is less contemplative than hlqclrkab
krzh weighs their options more than tkpisfc, so tkpisfc is less contemplative than krzh
qhzsxvypqjsu weighs their options more than ssbfgzbv, so ssbfgzbv is less contemplative than qhzsxvypqjsu
qyzisouhdt weighs their options more than kuawuqzrxpu, so kuawuqzrxpu is less contemplative than qyzisouhdt
crryka weighs their options more than hbaa, so crryka is not less contemplative than hbaa
tlyfqxkio weighs their options more than laphqt, so tlyfqxkio is not less contemplative than laphqt
ikry weighs their options more than ndtlrv, so ikry is not less contemplative than ndtlrv
jmyfpgyaqcs weighs their options more than ebsmbrlx, so jmyfpgyaqcs is not less contemplative than ebsmbrlx
zmwjsaaleqz weighs their options more than gaqjvis, so zmwjsaaleqz is not less contemplative than gaqjvis
hbaa weighs their options more than crryka, so crryka is not more contemplative than hbaa
laphqt weighs their options more than tlyfqxkio, so tlyfqxkio is not more contemplative than laphqt
ndtlrv weighs their options more than ikry, so ikry is not more contemplative than ndtlrv
ebsmbrlx weighs their options more than jmyfpgyaqcs, so jmyfpgyaqcs is not more contemplative than ebsmbrlx
gaqjvis weighs their options more than zmwjsaaleqz, so zmwjsaaleqz is not more contemplative than gaqjvis
dulhvvw puts another person's arms more than ohmmrfn, so dulhvvw is more friendly than ohmmrfn
ermbxubrsigj puts another person's arms more than awacm, so ermbxubrsigj is more friendly than awacm
gbnxaizvnff puts another person's arms more than alzt, so gbnxaizvnff is more friendly than alzt
qzaanrzph puts another person's arms more than yehsqdgfew, so qzaanrzph is more friendly than yehsqdgfew
klgrvjny puts another person's arms more than oeccpnnazuc, so klgrvjny is more friendly than oeccpnnazuc
dulhvvw puts another person's arms more than ohmmrfn, so ohmmrfn is less friendly than dulhvvw
ermbxubrsigj puts another person's arms more than awacm, so awacm is less friendly than ermbxubrsigj
gbnxaizvnff puts another person's arms more than alzt, so alzt is less friendly than gbnxaizvnff
qzaanrzph puts another person's arms more than yehsqdgfew, so yehsqdgfew is less friendly than qzaanrzph
klgrvjny puts another person's arms more than oeccpnnazuc, so oeccpnnazuc is less friendly than klgrvjny
ybyx puts another person's arms more than nks, so ybyx is not less friendly than nks
pavfcrgpkuq puts another person's arms more than tmvolozbm, so pavfcrgpkuq is not less friendly than tmvolozbm
zgfxwkkccvek puts another person's arms more than gvgpskfqrbqg, so zgfxwkkccvek is not less friendly than gvgpskfqrbqg
nlf puts another person's arms more than efbo, so nlf is not less friendly than efbo
pkbv puts another person's arms more than xqjchfogr, so pkbv is not less friendly than xqjchfogr
nks puts another person's arms more than ybyx, so ybyx is not more friendly than nks
tmvolozbm puts another person's arms more than pavfcrgpkuq, so pavfcrgpkuq is not more friendly than tmvolozbm
gvgpskfqrbqg puts another person's arms more than zgfxwkkccvek, so zgfxwkkccvek is not more friendly than gvgpskfqrbqg
efbo puts another person's arms more than nlf, so nlf is not more friendly than efbo
xqjchfogr puts another person's arms more than pkbv, so pkbv is not more friendly than xqjchfogr
pfhpn learns how to play the guitar more than cpd, so pfhpn is more skillful than cpd
sudzcmzgdrdz learns how to play the guitar more than xziz, so sudzcmzgdrdz is more skillful than xziz
pokgy learns how to play the guitar more than tnbvtuotxsxe, so pokgy is more skillful than tnbvtuotxsxe
qwj learns how to play the guitar more than ilkklfpy, so qwj is more skillful than ilkklfpy
ouviwxyuvv learns how to play the guitar more than urimb, so ouviwxyuvv is more skillful than urimb
pfhpn learns how to play the guitar more than cpd, so cpd is less skillful than pfhpn
sudzcmzgdrdz learns how to play the guitar more than xziz, so xziz is less skillful than sudzcmzgdrdz
pokgy learns how to play the guitar more than tnbvtuotxsxe, so tnbvtuotxsxe is less skillful than pokgy
qwj learns how to play the guitar more than ilkklfpy, so ilkklfpy is less skillful than qwj
ouviwxyuvv learns how to play the guitar more than urimb, so urimb is less skillful than ouviwxyuvv
fchisfwgd learns how to play the guitar more than docawzpz, so fchisfwgd is not more skillful than docawzpz
amuv learns how to play the guitar more than arwfv, so amuv is not more skillful than arwfv
voqfxhuv learns how to play the guitar more than ezeuj, so voqfxhuv is not more skillful than ezeuj
njngyez learns how to play the guitar more than psmunhssg, so njngyez is not more skillful than psmunhssg
lievgsg learns how to play the guitar more than hkxzy, so lievgsg is not more skillful than hkxzy
docawzpz learns how to play the guitar more than fchisfwgd, so fchisfwgd is not more skillful than docawzpz
arwfv learns how to play the guitar more than amuv, so amuv is not more skillful than arwfv
ezeuj learns how to play the guitar more than voqfxhuv, so voqfxhuv is not more skillful than ezeuj
psmunhssg learns how to play the guitar more than njngyez, so njngyez is not more skillful than psmunhssg
hkxzy learns how to play the guitar more than lievgsg, so lievgsg is not more skillful than hkxzy
lgz hops in another person's car more than lkkea, so lgz is more daring than lkkea
fxvjf hops in another person's car more than gmsbuhkmf, so fxvjf is more daring than gmsbuhkmf
vwzsalr hops in another person's car more than kihlzkhawci, so vwzsalr is more daring than kihlzkhawci
ebzqtpyjv hops in another person's car more than ssiqspsk, so ebzqtpyjv is more daring than ssiqspsk
dwsyqxke hops in another person's car more than bneszp, so dwsyqxke is more daring than bneszp
lgz hops in another person's car more than lkkea, so lkkea is less daring than lgz
fxvjf hops in another person's car more than gmsbuhkmf, so gmsbuhkmf is less daring than fxvjf
vwzsalr hops in another person's car more than kihlzkhawci, so kihlzkhawci is less daring than vwzsalr
ebzqtpyjv hops in another person's car more than ssiqspsk, so ssiqspsk is less daring than ebzqtpyjv
dwsyqxke hops in another person's car more than bneszp, so bneszp is less daring than dwsyqxke
sarzquqi hops in another person's car more than fviwyhrhq, so sarzquqi is not less daring than fviwyhrhq
tczkiv hops in another person's car more than aerkcgygtkhq, so tczkiv is not less daring than aerkcgygtkhq
afzeg hops in another person's car more than saylacsb, so afzeg is not less daring than saylacsb
idjeizjs hops in another person's car more than lkj, so idjeizjs is not less daring than lkj
opbetvlr hops in another person's car more than cdb, so opbetvlr is not less daring than cdb
fviwyhrhq hops in another person's car more than sarzquqi, so sarzquqi is not more daring than fviwyhrhq
aerkcgygtkhq hops in another person's car more than tczkiv, so tczkiv is not more daring than aerkcgygtkhq
saylacsb hops in another person's car more than afzeg, so afzeg is not more daring than saylacsb
lkj hops in another person's car more than idjeizjs, so idjeizjs is not more daring than lkj
cdb hops in another person's car more than opbetvlr, so opbetvlr is not more daring than cdb
xbaazn changes without notice more than jakntyj, so xbaazn is less new than jakntyj
ofpvdxrmclyo changes without notice more than jecgolzyvan, so ofpvdxrmclyo is less new than jecgolzyvan
uyzqvehxh changes without notice more than kncaywywevp, so uyzqvehxh is less new than kncaywywevp
rsqkowp changes without notice more than fiarhmfgeirr, so rsqkowp is less new than fiarhmfgeirr
phleplxni changes without notice more than zaallcuznufh, so phleplxni is less new than zaallcuznufh
xbaazn changes without notice more than jakntyj, so jakntyj is less new than xbaazn
ofpvdxrmclyo changes without notice more than jecgolzyvan, so jecgolzyvan is less new than ofpvdxrmclyo
uyzqvehxh changes without notice more than kncaywywevp, so kncaywywevp is less new than uyzqvehxh
rsqkowp changes without notice more than fiarhmfgeirr, so fiarhmfgeirr is less new than rsqkowp
phleplxni changes without notice more than zaallcuznufh, so zaallcuznufh is less new than phleplxni
pvppao changes without notice more than xrvp, so pvppao is not less new than xrvp
hvng changes without notice more than kpooyvofmi, so hvng is not less new than kpooyvofmi
cteoglak changes without notice more than sjwrswwegm, so cteoglak is not less new than sjwrswwegm
tnhoi changes without notice more than ncirrigqysaa, so tnhoi is not less new than ncirrigqysaa
hjdakvlxwupo changes without notice more than hzvf, so hjdakvlxwupo is not less new than hzvf
xrvp changes without notice more than pvppao, so pvppao is not more new than xrvp
kpooyvofmi changes without notice more than hvng, so hvng is not more new than kpooyvofmi
sjwrswwegm changes without notice more than cteoglak, so cteoglak is not more new than sjwrswwegm
ncirrigqysaa changes without notice more than tnhoi, so tnhoi is not more new than ncirrigqysaa
hzvf changes without notice more than hjdakvlxwupo, so hjdakvlxwupo is not more new than hzvf
wmdzdsez buys a new truck more than joznlkuql, so wmdzdsez is less frugal than joznlkuql
puuru buys a new truck more than vphlqrcfhe, so puuru is less frugal than vphlqrcfhe
szchtsusbb buys a new truck more than rvqwvlg, so szchtsusbb is less frugal than rvqwvlg
wqeqhe buys a new truck more than jgnrbkb, so wqeqhe is less frugal than jgnrbkb
htvuuy buys a new truck more than ejyokrviekpi, so htvuuy is less frugal than ejyokrviekpi
wmdzdsez buys a new truck more than joznlkuql, so joznlkuql is less frugal than wmdzdsez
puuru buys a new truck more than vphlqrcfhe, so vphlqrcfhe is less frugal than puuru
szchtsusbb buys a new truck more than rvqwvlg, so rvqwvlg is less frugal than szchtsusbb
wqeqhe buys a new truck more than jgnrbkb, so jgnrbkb is less frugal than wqeqhe
htvuuy buys a new truck more than ejyokrviekpi, so ejyokrviekpi is less frugal than htvuuy
djfbsizogq buys a new truck more than omdbv, so djfbsizogq is not less frugal than omdbv
flwtqgpz buys a new truck more than xumldmxfs, so flwtqgpz is not less frugal than xumldmxfs
dufgjfiui buys a new truck more than dxqgcpxomls, so dufgjfiui is not less frugal than dxqgcpxomls
ldzlwk buys a new truck more than ufi, so ldzlwk is not less frugal than ufi
zawgrqclscn buys a new truck more than ukdhjvpyzebw, so zawgrqclscn is not less frugal than ukdhjvpyzebw
omdbv buys a new truck more than djfbsizogq, so djfbsizogq is not more frugal than omdbv
xumldmxfs buys a new truck more than flwtqgpz, so flwtqgpz is not more frugal than xumldmxfs
dxqgcpxomls buys a new truck more than dufgjfiui, so dufgjfiui is not more frugal than dxqgcpxomls
ufi buys a new truck more than ldzlwk, so ldzlwk is not more frugal than ufi
ukdhjvpyzebw buys a new truck more than zawgrqclscn, so zawgrqclscn is not more frugal than ukdhjvpyzebw
gdhdqvlll stands in another person's shoes more than bzurglpbfhi, so gdhdqvlll is more curious than bzurglpbfhi
ijibbct stands in another person's shoes more than xlzbovrtzqk, so ijibbct is more curious than xlzbovrtzqk
gbhrwxh stands in another person's shoes more than uopfy, so gbhrwxh is more curious than uopfy
fjneiecehxd stands in another person's shoes more than aloz, so fjneiecehxd is more curious than aloz
vtpii stands in another person's shoes more than dhdfpfyj, so vtpii is more curious than dhdfpfyj
gdhdqvlll stands in another person's shoes more than bzurglpbfhi, so bzurglpbfhi is less curious than gdhdqvlll
ijibbct stands in another person's shoes more than xlzbovrtzqk, so xlzbovrtzqk is less curious than ijibbct
gbhrwxh stands in another person's shoes more than uopfy, so uopfy is less curious than gbhrwxh
fjneiecehxd stands in another person's shoes more than aloz, so aloz is less curious than fjneiecehxd
vtpii stands in another person's shoes more than dhdfpfyj, so dhdfpfyj is less curious than vtpii
kxglnc stands in another person's shoes more than loiw, so kxglnc is not less curious than loiw
iutnxsbhhono stands in another person's shoes more than ifbg, so iutnxsbhhono is not less curious than ifbg
vjratkuoqri stands in another person's shoes more than mlszgv, so vjratkuoqri is not less curious than mlszgv
qqhfh stands in another person's shoes more than gzgbacakpkfs, so qqhfh is not less curious than gzgbacakpkfs
zsve stands in another person's shoes more than fqkwmv, so zsve is not less curious than fqkwmv
loiw stands in another person's shoes more than kxglnc, so kxglnc is not more curious than loiw
ifbg stands in another person's shoes more than iutnxsbhhono, so iutnxsbhhono is not more curious than ifbg
mlszgv stands in another person's shoes more than vjratkuoqri, so vjratkuoqri is not more curious than mlszgv
gzgbacakpkfs stands in another person's shoes more than qqhfh, so qqhfh is not more curious than gzgbacakpkfs
fqkwmv stands in another person's shoes more than zsve, so zsve is not more curious than fqkwmv
pkulqdvhj adds to their collection more than aeuhnahfcbkt, so pkulqdvhj is more a curator than aeuhnahfcbkt
wksqdnqigul adds to their collection more than jswgdiw, so wksqdnqigul is more a curator than jswgdiw
hff adds to their collection more than kdkiiztzkde, so hff is more a curator than kdkiiztzkde
esaur adds to their collection more than dxpql, so esaur is more a curator than dxpql
xmgnjws adds to their collection more than mceou, so xmgnjws is more a curator than mceou
pkulqdvhj adds to their collection more than aeuhnahfcbkt, so aeuhnahfcbkt is less a curator than pkulqdvhj
wksqdnqigul adds to their collection more than jswgdiw, so jswgdiw is less a curator than wksqdnqigul
hff adds to their collection more than kdkiiztzkde, so kdkiiztzkde is less a curator than hff
esaur adds to their collection more than dxpql, so dxpql is less a curator than esaur
xmgnjws adds to their collection more than mceou, so mceou is less a curator than xmgnjws
bqznsgmncg adds to their collection more than beosqmmfymxm, so bqznsgmncg is not less a curator than beosqmmfymxm
oivqxq adds to their collection more than fmejhfpkmmnn, so oivqxq is not less a curator than fmejhfpkmmnn
vhmiyxnvg adds to their collection more than nts, so vhmiyxnvg is not less a curator than nts
aabhveicf adds to their collection more than oezc, so aabhveicf is not less a curator than oezc
kxwkqyuu adds to their collection more than bfh, so kxwkqyuu is not less a curator than bfh
beosqmmfymxm adds to their collection more than bqznsgmncg, so bqznsgmncg is not more a curator than beosqmmfymxm
fmejhfpkmmnn adds to their collection more than oivqxq, so oivqxq is not more a curator than fmejhfpkmmnn
nts adds to their collection more than vhmiyxnvg, so vhmiyxnvg is not more a curator than nts
oezc adds to their collection more than aabhveicf, so aabhveicf is not more a curator than oezc
bfh adds to their collection more than kxwkqyuu, so kxwkqyuu is not more a curator than bfh
uxbtab walks to their house more than sevpvfwdck, so uxbtab is more committed than sevpvfwdck
bbk walks to their house more than yvz, so bbk is more committed than yvz
lepzuqdnrof walks to their house more than spuqedzonm, so lepzuqdnrof is more committed than spuqedzonm
jskijt walks to their house more than rqm, so jskijt is more committed than rqm
odawczmq walks to their house more than xejek, so odawczmq is more committed than xejek
uxbtab walks to their house more than sevpvfwdck, so sevpvfwdck is more committed than uxbtab
bbk walks to their house more than yvz, so yvz is more committed than bbk
lepzuqdnrof walks to their house more than spuqedzonm, so spuqedzonm is more committed than lepzuqdnrof
jskijt walks to their house more than rqm, so rqm is more committed than jskijt
odawczmq walks to their house more than xejek, so xejek is more committed than odawczmq
cjcnupxfmb walks to their house more than wecyvgku, so cjcnupxfmb is not less committed than wecyvgku
wmpydlivepzd walks to their house more than dmoojkuxblv, so wmpydlivepzd is not less committed than dmoojkuxblv
hckrguimdz walks to their house more than qnufl, so hckrguimdz is not less committed than qnufl
xblytfqhxqtt walks to their house more than dqju, so xblytfqhxqtt is not less committed than dqju
nszmugfuuio walks to their house more than jwgytazamt, so nszmugfuuio is not less committed than jwgytazamt
wecyvgku walks to their house more than cjcnupxfmb, so cjcnupxfmb is not more committed than wecyvgku
dmoojkuxblv walks to their house more than wmpydlivepzd, so wmpydlivepzd is not more committed than dmoojkuxblv
qnufl walks to their house more than hckrguimdz, so hckrguimdz is not more committed than qnufl
dqju walks to their house more than xblytfqhxqtt, so xblytfqhxqtt is not more committed than dqju
jwgytazamt walks to their house more than nszmugfuuio, so nszmugfuuio is not more committed than jwgytazamt
yyqhkwoyt sees a show more than ruw, so yyqhkwoyt is more curious than ruw
dlopa sees a show more than kehrkbcno, so dlopa is more curious than kehrkbcno
hazosknxij sees a show more than vjiod, so hazosknxij is more curious than vjiod
cjnbi sees a show more than vgpfgqp, so cjnbi is more curious than vgpfgqp
xdn sees a show more than ccndsphjvbf, so xdn is more curious than ccndsphjvbf
yyqhkwoyt sees a show more than ruw, so ruw is less curious than yyqhkwoyt
dlopa sees a show more than kehrkbcno, so kehrkbcno is less curious than dlopa
hazosknxij sees a show more than vjiod, so vjiod is less curious than hazosknxij
cjnbi sees a show more than vgpfgqp, so vgpfgqp is less curious than cjnbi
xdn sees a show more than ccndsphjvbf, so ccndsphjvbf is less curious than xdn
ifzzt sees a show more than mppzxjmoyqax, so ifzzt is not less curious than mppzxjmoyqax
jplaiwym sees a show more than izc, so jplaiwym is not less curious than izc
mjdwxqtp sees a show more than nmnkwdssvsf, so mjdwxqtp is not less curious than nmnkwdssvsf
qnrsvrleevo sees a show more than ggvwr, so qnrsvrleevo is not less curious than ggvwr
uruycaywg sees a show more than mwuswidjuyt, so uruycaywg is not less curious than mwuswidjuyt
mppzxjmoyqax sees a show more than ifzzt, so ifzzt is not more curious than mppzxjmoyqax
izc sees a show more than jplaiwym, so jplaiwym is not more curious than izc
nmnkwdssvsf sees a show more than mjdwxqtp, so mjdwxqtp is not more curious than nmnkwdssvsf
ggvwr sees a show more than qnrsvrleevo, so qnrsvrleevo is not more curious than ggvwr
mwuswidjuyt sees a show more than uruycaywg, so uruycaywg is not more curious than mwuswidjuyt
smrfqgpanjht feels overwhelmed more than lrfprzthjhqw, so smrfqgpanjht is more tired than lrfprzthjhqw
amaumo feels overwhelmed more than qtoqpnnh, so amaumo is more tired than qtoqpnnh
krfdyqapjez feels overwhelmed more than ehhr, so krfdyqapjez is more tired than ehhr
esozwrqbzazv feels overwhelmed more than vwf, so esozwrqbzazv is more tired than vwf
nosxlduoo feels overwhelmed more than sgfrx, so nosxlduoo is more tired than sgfrx
smrfqgpanjht feels overwhelmed more than lrfprzthjhqw, so lrfprzthjhqw is less tired than smrfqgpanjht
amaumo feels overwhelmed more than qtoqpnnh, so qtoqpnnh is less tired than amaumo
krfdyqapjez feels overwhelmed more than ehhr, so ehhr is less tired than krfdyqapjez
esozwrqbzazv feels overwhelmed more than vwf, so vwf is less tired than esozwrqbzazv
nosxlduoo feels overwhelmed more than sgfrx, so sgfrx is less tired than nosxlduoo
nyhanrml feels overwhelmed more than gyacesf, so nyhanrml is not less tired than gyacesf
yjcjrkqax feels overwhelmed more than sosmi, so yjcjrkqax is not less tired than sosmi
pppyqhb feels overwhelmed more than nqozykg, so pppyqhb is not less tired than nqozykg
nix feels overwhelmed more than lghpcsyr, so nix is not less tired than lghpcsyr
vxklfks feels overwhelmed more than yhyf, so vxklfks is not less tired than yhyf
gyacesf feels overwhelmed more than nyhanrml, so nyhanrml is not more tired than gyacesf
sosmi feels overwhelmed more than yjcjrkqax, so yjcjrkqax is not more tired than sosmi
nqozykg feels overwhelmed more than pppyqhb, so pppyqhb is not more tired than nqozykg
lghpcsyr feels overwhelmed more than nix, so nix is not more tired than lghpcsyr
yhyf feels overwhelmed more than vxklfks, so vxklfks is not more tired than yhyf
ojyxbgfjdeh welcomes another person back more than zhxzqrab, so ojyxbgfjdeh is more happy than zhxzqrab
jhvbgjqp welcomes another person back more than evuxtecusia, so jhvbgjqp is more happy than evuxtecusia
blnos welcomes another person back more than cqqzquwajywq, so blnos is more happy than cqqzquwajywq
thkwkkwlboe welcomes another person back more than lnpwpyuvxxz, so thkwkkwlboe is more happy than lnpwpyuvxxz
irvqy welcomes another person back more than qrxuysilu, so irvqy is more happy than qrxuysilu
ojyxbgfjdeh welcomes another person back more than zhxzqrab, so zhxzqrab is less happy than ojyxbgfjdeh
jhvbgjqp welcomes another person back more than evuxtecusia, so evuxtecusia is less happy than jhvbgjqp
blnos welcomes another person back more than cqqzquwajywq, so cqqzquwajywq is less happy than blnos
thkwkkwlboe welcomes another person back more than lnpwpyuvxxz, so lnpwpyuvxxz is less happy than thkwkkwlboe
irvqy welcomes another person back more than qrxuysilu, so qrxuysilu is less happy than irvqy
ngyxlnqd welcomes another person back more than iaiv, so ngyxlnqd is not less happy than iaiv
chpr welcomes another person back more than xtdtrtu, so chpr is not less happy than xtdtrtu
sefa welcomes another person back more than cvflano, so sefa is not less happy than cvflano
ebltxhrvy welcomes another person back more than qxkoy, so ebltxhrvy is not less happy than qxkoy
xxwy welcomes another person back more than vocx, so xxwy is not less happy than vocx
iaiv welcomes another person back more than ngyxlnqd, so ngyxlnqd is not more happy than iaiv
xtdtrtu welcomes another person back more than chpr, so chpr is not more happy than xtdtrtu
cvflano welcomes another person back more than sefa, so sefa is not more happy than cvflano
qxkoy welcomes another person back more than ebltxhrvy, so ebltxhrvy is not more happy than qxkoy
vocx welcomes another person back more than xxwy, so xxwy is not more happy than vocx
qwl flies a plane more than wzr, so qwl is more successful than wzr
fty flies a plane more than yydspalfi, so fty is more successful than yydspalfi
teuwaug flies a plane more than quvqmpx, so teuwaug is more successful than quvqmpx
abjx flies a plane more than uyjk, so abjx is more successful than uyjk
asqw flies a plane more than mwtyfyoz, so asqw is more successful than mwtyfyoz
qwl flies a plane more than wzr, so wzr is less successful than qwl
fty flies a plane more than yydspalfi, so yydspalfi is less successful than fty
teuwaug flies a plane more than quvqmpx, so quvqmpx is less successful than teuwaug
abjx flies a plane more than uyjk, so uyjk is less successful than abjx
asqw flies a plane more than mwtyfyoz, so mwtyfyoz is less successful than asqw
cqdgqgxhx flies a plane more than wgnsvueenp, so cqdgqgxhx is not more successful than wgnsvueenp
dtn flies a plane more than imhhpwu, so dtn is not more successful than imhhpwu
nzmpbcslx flies a plane more than zbwy, so nzmpbcslx is not more successful than zbwy
zvcxzvueqdk flies a plane more than opimqlytk, so zvcxzvueqdk is not more successful than opimqlytk
uqnqom flies a plane more than dwb, so uqnqom is not more successful than dwb
wgnsvueenp flies a plane more than cqdgqgxhx, so cqdgqgxhx is not more successful than wgnsvueenp
imhhpwu flies a plane more than dtn, so dtn is not more successful than imhhpwu
zbwy flies a plane more than nzmpbcslx, so nzmpbcslx is not more successful than zbwy
opimqlytk flies a plane more than zvcxzvueqdk, so zvcxzvueqdk is not more successful than opimqlytk
dwb flies a plane more than uqnqom, so uqnqom is not more successful than dwb
kgdamq holds onto nothing more than cyvwrsb, so kgdamq is more independent than cyvwrsb
jzxrmuujgn holds onto nothing more than flidnmtt, so jzxrmuujgn is more independent than flidnmtt
rez holds onto nothing more than dpjqe, so rez is more independent than dpjqe
usdgmdeznqjk holds onto nothing more than balfiolmrk, so usdgmdeznqjk is more independent than balfiolmrk
oqpeqxiarw holds onto nothing more than afbeufaatvl, so oqpeqxiarw is more independent than afbeufaatvl
kgdamq holds onto nothing more than cyvwrsb, so cyvwrsb is less independent than kgdamq
jzxrmuujgn holds onto nothing more than flidnmtt, so flidnmtt is less independent than jzxrmuujgn
rez holds onto nothing more than dpjqe, so dpjqe is less independent than rez
usdgmdeznqjk holds onto nothing more than balfiolmrk, so balfiolmrk is less independent than usdgmdeznqjk
oqpeqxiarw holds onto nothing more than afbeufaatvl, so afbeufaatvl is less independent than oqpeqxiarw
jyxhgsnyzxc holds onto nothing more than obrzfmi, so jyxhgsnyzxc is not less independent than obrzfmi
buuzxfcm holds onto nothing more than pxtryhkltdm, so buuzxfcm is not less independent than pxtryhkltdm
bygkgyxp holds onto nothing more than pxmvct, so bygkgyxp is not less independent than pxmvct
farrprq holds onto nothing more than pqnlcts, so farrprq is not less independent than pqnlcts
bsd holds onto nothing more than kujbshcysfp, so bsd is not less independent than kujbshcysfp
obrzfmi holds onto nothing more than jyxhgsnyzxc, so jyxhgsnyzxc is not more independent than obrzfmi
pxtryhkltdm holds onto nothing more than buuzxfcm, so buuzxfcm is not more independent than pxtryhkltdm
pxmvct holds onto nothing more than bygkgyxp, so bygkgyxp is not more independent than pxmvct
pqnlcts holds onto nothing more than farrprq, so farrprq is not more independent than pqnlcts
kujbshcysfp holds onto nothing more than bsd, so bsd is not more independent than kujbshcysfp
yorcd writes another person a ticket more than twbojg, so yorcd is more observant than twbojg
dzqyyydhb writes another person a ticket more than leczwgoctonv, so dzqyyydhb is more observant than leczwgoctonv
kltt writes another person a ticket more than qrh, so kltt is more observant than qrh
drqy writes another person a ticket more than igzgywhi, so drqy is more observant than igzgywhi
qcmxixblx writes another person a ticket more than fkmlejigl, so qcmxixblx is more observant than fkmlejigl
yorcd writes another person a ticket more than twbojg, so twbojg is less observant than yorcd
dzqyyydhb writes another person a ticket more than leczwgoctonv, so leczwgoctonv is less observant than dzqyyydhb
kltt writes another person a ticket more than qrh, so qrh is less observant than kltt
drqy writes another person a ticket more than igzgywhi, so igzgywhi is less observant than drqy
qcmxixblx writes another person a ticket more than fkmlejigl, so fkmlejigl is less observant than qcmxixblx
mqz writes another person a ticket more than lxojdnmnjq, so mqz is not less observant than lxojdnmnjq
nxteqaxrah writes another person a ticket more than vbddqsmnhj, so nxteqaxrah is not less observant than vbddqsmnhj
udrwypvipy writes another person a ticket more than quumotomytw, so udrwypvipy is not less observant than quumotomytw
mxnavmw writes another person a ticket more than kxdfdm, so mxnavmw is not less observant than kxdfdm
xzzv writes another person a ticket more than gvba, so xzzv is not less observant than gvba
lxojdnmnjq writes another person a ticket more than mqz, so mqz is not more observant than lxojdnmnjq
vbddqsmnhj writes another person a ticket more than nxteqaxrah, so nxteqaxrah is not more observant than vbddqsmnhj
quumotomytw writes another person a ticket more than udrwypvipy, so udrwypvipy is not more observant than quumotomytw
kxdfdm writes another person a ticket more than mxnavmw, so mxnavmw is not more observant than kxdfdm
gvba writes another person a ticket more than xzzv, so xzzv is not more observant than gvba
ooer returns to their classroom more than ihsg, so ooer is more industrious than ihsg
yuyishxhxkkg returns to their classroom more than mbhrmnoddp, so yuyishxhxkkg is more industrious than mbhrmnoddp
pyojhavm returns to their classroom more than pnlleots, so pyojhavm is more industrious than pnlleots
fmf returns to their classroom more than efsje, so fmf is more industrious than efsje
tukam returns to their classroom more than vrrxyqka, so tukam is more industrious than vrrxyqka
ooer returns to their classroom more than ihsg, so ihsg is less industrious than ooer
yuyishxhxkkg returns to their classroom more than mbhrmnoddp, so mbhrmnoddp is less industrious than yuyishxhxkkg
pyojhavm returns to their classroom more than pnlleots, so pnlleots is less industrious than pyojhavm
fmf returns to their classroom more than efsje, so efsje is less industrious than fmf
tukam returns to their classroom more than vrrxyqka, so vrrxyqka is less industrious than tukam
stvparkv returns to their classroom more than enmjloes, so stvparkv is not less industrious than enmjloes
slogqlujyj returns to their classroom more than jcssbn, so slogqlujyj is not less industrious than jcssbn
ualmpne returns to their classroom more than hhmqptsxw, so ualmpne is not less industrious than hhmqptsxw
qwwdz returns to their classroom more than crqqpy, so qwwdz is not less industrious than crqqpy
qtde returns to their classroom more than rxy, so qtde is not less industrious than rxy
enmjloes returns to their classroom more than stvparkv, so stvparkv is not more industrious than enmjloes
jcssbn returns to their classroom more than slogqlujyj, so slogqlujyj is not more industrious than jcssbn
hhmqptsxw returns to their classroom more than ualmpne, so ualmpne is not more industrious than hhmqptsxw
crqqpy returns to their classroom more than qwwdz, so qwwdz is not more industrious than crqqpy
rxy returns to their classroom more than qtde, so qtde is not more industrious than rxy
slcawy becomes concerned more than sdwqdyz, so slcawy is more worrysome than sdwqdyz
pislytuvmmrm becomes concerned more than hmypss, so pislytuvmmrm is more worrysome than hmypss
gfsjlhiujrv becomes concerned more than lbira, so gfsjlhiujrv is more worrysome than lbira
oklkikab becomes concerned more than mdpkjg, so oklkikab is more worrysome than mdpkjg
uirgsherpc becomes concerned more than lokbk, so uirgsherpc is more worrysome than lokbk
slcawy becomes concerned more than sdwqdyz, so sdwqdyz is less worrysome than slcawy
pislytuvmmrm becomes concerned more than hmypss, so hmypss is less worrysome than pislytuvmmrm
gfsjlhiujrv becomes concerned more than lbira, so lbira is less worrysome than gfsjlhiujrv
oklkikab becomes concerned more than mdpkjg, so mdpkjg is less worrysome than oklkikab
uirgsherpc becomes concerned more than lokbk, so lokbk is less worrysome than uirgsherpc
rhlfcyfvsocb becomes concerned more than pjandb, so rhlfcyfvsocb is not less worrysome than pjandb
eikotoyvxsk becomes concerned more than wtebeqlkm, so eikotoyvxsk is not less worrysome than wtebeqlkm
zjjv becomes concerned more than bsu, so zjjv is not less worrysome than bsu
nhfwxhgt becomes concerned more than cbt, so nhfwxhgt is not less worrysome than cbt
jrpzcqrt becomes concerned more than kfbjlkjbver, so jrpzcqrt is not less worrysome than kfbjlkjbver
pjandb becomes concerned more than rhlfcyfvsocb, so rhlfcyfvsocb is not more worrysome than pjandb
wtebeqlkm becomes concerned more than eikotoyvxsk, so eikotoyvxsk is not more worrysome than wtebeqlkm
bsu becomes concerned more than zjjv, so zjjv is not more worrysome than bsu
cbt becomes concerned more than nhfwxhgt, so nhfwxhgt is not more worrysome than cbt
kfbjlkjbver becomes concerned more than jrpzcqrt, so jrpzcqrt is not more worrysome than kfbjlkjbver
ivhk believes would lead more than odk, so ivhk is more strong than odk
wvxj believes would lead more than aon, so wvxj is more strong than aon
vuqkdgvua believes would lead more than letaizdavus, so vuqkdgvua is more strong than letaizdavus
ggrfs believes would lead more than iboa, so ggrfs is more strong than iboa
uinkouy believes would lead more than pptwn, so uinkouy is more strong than pptwn
ivhk believes would lead more than odk, so odk is less strong than ivhk
wvxj believes would lead more than aon, so aon is less strong than wvxj
vuqkdgvua believes would lead more than letaizdavus, so letaizdavus is less strong than vuqkdgvua
ggrfs believes would lead more than iboa, so iboa is less strong than ggrfs
uinkouy believes would lead more than pptwn, so pptwn is less strong than uinkouy
ickaq believes would lead more than ocmuuezedf, so ickaq is not less strong than ocmuuezedf
fhgjd believes would lead more than bqrkuew, so fhgjd is not less strong than bqrkuew
ttjzu believes would lead more than ahlcajhjfr, so ttjzu is not less strong than ahlcajhjfr
hlrtjdexkw believes would lead more than hmg, so hlrtjdexkw is not less strong than hmg
spxhdmkl believes would lead more than mnciqhdqfbv, so spxhdmkl is not less strong than mnciqhdqfbv
ocmuuezedf believes would lead more than ickaq, so ickaq is not more strong than ocmuuezedf
bqrkuew believes would lead more than fhgjd, so fhgjd is not more strong than bqrkuew
ahlcajhjfr believes would lead more than ttjzu, so ttjzu is not more strong than ahlcajhjfr
hmg believes would lead more than hlrtjdexkw, so hlrtjdexkw is not more strong than hmg
mnciqhdqfbv believes would lead more than spxhdmkl, so spxhdmkl is not more strong than mnciqhdqfbv
hdtv leaves another person's mom more than pfrmyplbr, so hdtv is more confident than pfrmyplbr
pntgsquacxm leaves another person's mom more than nleovbqtbt, so pntgsquacxm is more confident than nleovbqtbt
yovjhnzvfof leaves another person's mom more than fkovglyhm, so yovjhnzvfof is more confident than fkovglyhm
njnnys leaves another person's mom more than wfwvwrpgyexe, so njnnys is more confident than wfwvwrpgyexe
tbisneeascdx leaves another person's mom more than dtaehisdlew, so tbisneeascdx is more confident than dtaehisdlew
hdtv leaves another person's mom more than pfrmyplbr, so pfrmyplbr is less confident than hdtv
pntgsquacxm leaves another person's mom more than nleovbqtbt, so nleovbqtbt is less confident than pntgsquacxm
yovjhnzvfof leaves another person's mom more than fkovglyhm, so fkovglyhm is less confident than yovjhnzvfof
njnnys leaves another person's mom more than wfwvwrpgyexe, so wfwvwrpgyexe is less confident than njnnys
tbisneeascdx leaves another person's mom more than dtaehisdlew, so dtaehisdlew is less confident than tbisneeascdx
wnlwjo leaves another person's mom more than ihfbzuyp, so wnlwjo is not less confident than ihfbzuyp
pqez leaves another person's mom more than bovwveuhlkm, so pqez is not less confident than bovwveuhlkm
jzvcyo leaves another person's mom more than iojjqlcmkvs, so jzvcyo is not less confident than iojjqlcmkvs
omfe leaves another person's mom more than owfypnh, so omfe is not less confident than owfypnh
vxvjs leaves another person's mom more than gglglzuiu, so vxvjs is not less confident than gglglzuiu
ihfbzuyp leaves another person's mom more than wnlwjo, so wnlwjo is not more confident than ihfbzuyp
bovwveuhlkm leaves another person's mom more than pqez, so pqez is not more confident than bovwveuhlkm
iojjqlcmkvs leaves another person's mom more than jzvcyo, so jzvcyo is not more confident than iojjqlcmkvs
owfypnh leaves another person's mom more than omfe, so omfe is not more confident than owfypnh
gglglzuiu leaves another person's mom more than vxvjs, so vxvjs is not more confident than gglglzuiu
saqgx gets the better of another person more than nfjk, so saqgx is more spiteful than nfjk
ehzvdkqj gets the better of another person more than wlo, so ehzvdkqj is more spiteful than wlo
byqyebjsavpj gets the better of another person more than kmhliwc, so byqyebjsavpj is more spiteful than kmhliwc
paspizoymhmp gets the better of another person more than arjcun, so paspizoymhmp is more spiteful than arjcun
nfkofnybc gets the better of another person more than ijromfiaoorl, so nfkofnybc is more spiteful than ijromfiaoorl
saqgx gets the better of another person more than nfjk, so nfjk is less spiteful than saqgx
ehzvdkqj gets the better of another person more than wlo, so wlo is less spiteful than ehzvdkqj
byqyebjsavpj gets the better of another person more than kmhliwc, so kmhliwc is less spiteful than byqyebjsavpj
paspizoymhmp gets the better of another person more than arjcun, so arjcun is less spiteful than paspizoymhmp
nfkofnybc gets the better of another person more than ijromfiaoorl, so ijromfiaoorl is less spiteful than nfkofnybc
edvozk gets the better of another person more than ntdjbqbrc, so edvozk is not less spiteful than ntdjbqbrc
jdkaovce gets the better of another person more than useakpszvwbf, so jdkaovce is not less spiteful than useakpszvwbf
ahbw gets the better of another person more than eunqjmwsmvi, so ahbw is not less spiteful than eunqjmwsmvi
bkqecjvvycb gets the better of another person more than jdbx, so bkqecjvvycb is not less spiteful than jdbx
ywqmqlo gets the better of another person more than gqwvm, so ywqmqlo is not less spiteful than gqwvm
ntdjbqbrc gets the better of another person more than edvozk, so edvozk is not more spiteful than ntdjbqbrc
useakpszvwbf gets the better of another person more than jdkaovce, so jdkaovce is not more spiteful than useakpszvwbf
eunqjmwsmvi gets the better of another person more than ahbw, so ahbw is not more spiteful than eunqjmwsmvi
jdbx gets the better of another person more than bkqecjvvycb, so bkqecjvvycb is not more spiteful than jdbx
gqwvm gets the better of another person more than ywqmqlo, so ywqmqlo is not more spiteful than gqwvm
vbsngcxbyqp gets bored more than lumxnswy, so vbsngcxbyqp is more lazy than lumxnswy
jisrwsb gets bored more than byayezoyg, so jisrwsb is more lazy than byayezoyg
tozzopkxxh gets bored more than qpfslnypz, so tozzopkxxh is more lazy than qpfslnypz
xjgebtc gets bored more than ksbxk, so xjgebtc is more lazy than ksbxk
gunztqcuppi gets bored more than grzghs, so gunztqcuppi is more lazy than grzghs
vbsngcxbyqp gets bored more than lumxnswy, so lumxnswy is less lazy than vbsngcxbyqp
jisrwsb gets bored more than byayezoyg, so byayezoyg is less lazy than jisrwsb
tozzopkxxh gets bored more than qpfslnypz, so qpfslnypz is less lazy than tozzopkxxh
xjgebtc gets bored more than ksbxk, so ksbxk is less lazy than xjgebtc
gunztqcuppi gets bored more than grzghs, so grzghs is less lazy than gunztqcuppi
glerg gets bored more than ppfzwb, so glerg is not less lazy than ppfzwb
rep gets bored more than tvhhqqjdeywj, so rep is not less lazy than tvhhqqjdeywj
aqv gets bored more than rgeompbhntf, so aqv is not less lazy than rgeompbhntf
vaaqzlp gets bored more than pefmkkgppvte, so vaaqzlp is not less lazy than pefmkkgppvte
mgeoqfw gets bored more than tskqjak, so mgeoqfw is not less lazy than tskqjak
ppfzwb gets bored more than glerg, so glerg is not more lazy than ppfzwb
tvhhqqjdeywj gets bored more than rep, so rep is not more lazy than tvhhqqjdeywj
rgeompbhntf gets bored more than aqv, so aqv is not more lazy than rgeompbhntf
pefmkkgppvte gets bored more than vaaqzlp, so vaaqzlp is not more lazy than pefmkkgppvte
tskqjak gets bored more than mgeoqfw, so mgeoqfw is not more lazy than tskqjak
vpeo sees my dog more than dor, so vpeo is more appreciative than dor
qujtcubuy sees my dog more than rdwhnj, so qujtcubuy is more appreciative than rdwhnj
pkkf sees my dog more than iwttcux, so pkkf is more appreciative than iwttcux
ysro sees my dog more than qedspfyl, so ysro is more appreciative than qedspfyl
rrdhey sees my dog more than idubaylroa, so rrdhey is more appreciative than idubaylroa
vpeo sees my dog more than dor, so dor is less appreciative than vpeo
qujtcubuy sees my dog more than rdwhnj, so rdwhnj is less appreciative than qujtcubuy
pkkf sees my dog more than iwttcux, so iwttcux is less appreciative than pkkf
ysro sees my dog more than qedspfyl, so qedspfyl is less appreciative than ysro
rrdhey sees my dog more than idubaylroa, so idubaylroa is less appreciative than rrdhey
mffxuu sees my dog more than bldrsvmyabu, so mffxuu is not less appreciative than bldrsvmyabu
rewtjrpmeq sees my dog more than vhh, so rewtjrpmeq is not less appreciative than vhh
vvbsi sees my dog more than safwvr, so vvbsi is not less appreciative than safwvr
ujalzvwbsef sees my dog more than syfzybm, so ujalzvwbsef is not less appreciative than syfzybm
qnqpuavxv sees my dog more than agx, so qnqpuavxv is not less appreciative than agx
bldrsvmyabu sees my dog more than mffxuu, so mffxuu is not more appreciative than bldrsvmyabu
vhh sees my dog more than rewtjrpmeq, so rewtjrpmeq is not more appreciative than vhh
safwvr sees my dog more than vvbsi, so vvbsi is not more appreciative than safwvr
syfzybm sees my dog more than ujalzvwbsef, so ujalzvwbsef is not more appreciative than syfzybm
agx sees my dog more than qnqpuavxv, so qnqpuavxv is not more appreciative than agx
ufqzasbn wants to visit more than eeye, so ufqzasbn is more eager than eeye
cvccjybsqfh wants to visit more than csd, so cvccjybsqfh is more eager than csd
vyaxjgkyk wants to visit more than arlnk, so vyaxjgkyk is more eager than arlnk
auw wants to visit more than snlhkoyofnyf, so auw is more eager than snlhkoyofnyf
xfshpmegu wants to visit more than bhvzepuhlm, so xfshpmegu is more eager than bhvzepuhlm
ufqzasbn wants to visit more than eeye, so eeye is less eager than ufqzasbn
cvccjybsqfh wants to visit more than csd, so csd is less eager than cvccjybsqfh
vyaxjgkyk wants to visit more than arlnk, so arlnk is less eager than vyaxjgkyk
auw wants to visit more than snlhkoyofnyf, so snlhkoyofnyf is less eager than auw
xfshpmegu wants to visit more than bhvzepuhlm, so bhvzepuhlm is less eager than xfshpmegu
onzrees wants to visit more than arqe, so onzrees is not less eager than arqe
lmkr wants to visit more than xaakwnxvqg, so lmkr is not less eager than xaakwnxvqg
wazqqacb wants to visit more than iyjnn, so wazqqacb is not less eager than iyjnn
ezhtzzziuovh wants to visit more than qkpy, so ezhtzzziuovh is not less eager than qkpy
cvsiqsflbcg wants to visit more than oxku, so cvsiqsflbcg is not less eager than oxku
arqe wants to visit onzrees, so onzrees is not more eager than arqe
xaakwnxvqg wants to visit lmkr, so lmkr is not more eager than xaakwnxvqg
iyjnn wants to visit wazqqacb, so wazqqacb is not more eager than iyjnn
qkpy wants to visit ezhtzzziuovh, so ezhtzzziuovh is not more eager than qkpy
oxku wants to visit cvsiqsflbcg, so cvsiqsflbcg is not more eager than oxku
iubynmnoq gains their ends more than wsvmlqa, so iubynmnoq is more determined than wsvmlqa
irdfv gains their ends more than jwhuq, so irdfv is more determined than jwhuq
wnzlamxya gains their ends more than ppnqjwbeenks, so wnzlamxya is more determined than ppnqjwbeenks
ujjwxomf gains their ends more than hkbqbpsnw, so ujjwxomf is more determined than hkbqbpsnw
hmguio gains their ends more than mjazr, so hmguio is more determined than mjazr
iubynmnoq gains their ends more than wsvmlqa, so wsvmlqa is less determined than iubynmnoq
irdfv gains their ends more than jwhuq, so jwhuq is less determined than irdfv
wnzlamxya gains their ends more than ppnqjwbeenks, so ppnqjwbeenks is less determined than wnzlamxya
ujjwxomf gains their ends more than hkbqbpsnw, so hkbqbpsnw is less determined than ujjwxomf
hmguio gains their ends more than mjazr, so mjazr is less determined than hmguio
lekjmtn gains their ends more than meqmqfa, so lekjmtn is not less determined than meqmqfa
rshjyvtbiopu gains their ends more than qzvl, so rshjyvtbiopu is not less determined than qzvl
amla gains their ends more than dpazagu, so amla is not less determined than dpazagu
plaixqsokz gains their ends more than ixucspttjphk, so plaixqsokz is not less determined than ixucspttjphk
ekfbgddosmej gains their ends more than eae, so ekfbgddosmej is not less determined than eae
meqmqfa gains their ends more than lekjmtn, so lekjmtn is not more determined than meqmqfa
qzvl gains their ends more than rshjyvtbiopu, so rshjyvtbiopu is not more determined than qzvl
dpazagu gains their ends more than amla, so amla is not more determined than dpazagu
ixucspttjphk gains their ends more than plaixqsokz, so plaixqsokz is not more determined than ixucspttjphk
eae gains their ends more than ekfbgddosmej, so ekfbgddosmej is not more determined than eae
mzfzmhpzsgk gets the results more than dkju, so mzfzmhpzsgk is more hard working than dkju
wnatcbmtq gets the results more than cetgxbvvfrhe, so wnatcbmtq is more hard working than cetgxbvvfrhe
ewtviblwlwz gets the results more than cefedauos, so ewtviblwlwz is more hard working than cefedauos
gaaqgqoabgl gets the results more than fkuvmt, so gaaqgqoabgl is more hard working than fkuvmt
ierziw gets the results more than uese, so ierziw is more hard working than uese
mzfzmhpzsgk gets the results more than dkju, so dkju is less hard working than mzfzmhpzsgk
wnatcbmtq gets the results more than cetgxbvvfrhe, so cetgxbvvfrhe is less hard working than wnatcbmtq
ewtviblwlwz gets the results more than cefedauos, so cefedauos is less hard working than ewtviblwlwz
gaaqgqoabgl gets the results more than fkuvmt, so fkuvmt is less hard working than gaaqgqoabgl
ierziw gets the results more than uese, so uese is less hard working than ierziw
yib gets the results more than tlwjwwl, so yib is not less hard working than tlwjwwl
fmscwkaexc gets the results more than ndbpglcmvxu, so fmscwkaexc is not less hard working than ndbpglcmvxu
hjvnxqvsfhvt gets the results more than wjynabrwuhe, so hjvnxqvsfhvt is not less hard working than wjynabrwuhe
qpzsfcohxf gets the results more than ufssb, so qpzsfcohxf is not less hard working than ufssb
zfzhcbpsuhf gets the results more than zdunpbm, so zfzhcbpsuhf is not less hard working than zdunpbm
tlwjwwl gets the results more than yib, so yib is not less hard working than tlwjwwl
ndbpglcmvxu gets the results more than fmscwkaexc, so fmscwkaexc is not less hard working than ndbpglcmvxu
wjynabrwuhe gets the results more than hjvnxqvsfhvt, so hjvnxqvsfhvt is not less hard working than wjynabrwuhe
ufssb gets the results more than qpzsfcohxf, so qpzsfcohxf is not less hard working than ufssb
zdunpbm gets the results more than zfzhcbpsuhf, so zfzhcbpsuhf is not less hard working than zdunpbm
clddxphy is sitting at home, eiulxgrzzd is sitting at home, so clddxphy is less patient than eiulxgrzzd
mxmop is sitting at home, gnuajex is sitting at home, so mxmop is less patient than gnuajex
cgrdpwnkmnmb is sitting at home, dkgom is sitting at home, so cgrdpwnkmnmb is less patient than dkgom
zswxrvalj is sitting at home, miyhxqr is sitting at home, so zswxrvalj is less patient than miyhxqr
zngloengbq is sitting at home, zsydcuhydg is sitting at home, so zngloengbq is less patient than zsydcuhydg
clddxphy is sitting at home, eiulxgrzzd is sitting at home, so eiulxgrzzd is less patient than clddxphy
mxmop is sitting at home, gnuajex is sitting at home, so gnuajex is less patient than mxmop
cgrdpwnkmnmb is sitting at home, dkgom is sitting at home, so dkgom is less patient than cgrdpwnkmnmb
zswxrvalj is sitting at home, miyhxqr is sitting at home, so miyhxqr is less patient than zswxrvalj
zngloengbq is sitting at home, zsydcuhydg is sitting at home, so zsydcuhydg is less patient than zngloengbq
rovbhorafj is sitting at home more than venhtextyv, so rovbhorafj is not less patient than venhtextyv
pzbowejfnqdb is sitting at home more than xipjdxwp, so pzbowejfnqdb is not less patient than xipjdxwp
cauovmozbwi is sitting at home more than idrtmxmqc, so cauovmozbwi is not less patient than idrtmxmqc
wcyyfpz is sitting at home more than terqop, so wcyyfpz is not less patient than terqop
tzqnvbsmf is sitting at home more than xfb, so tzqnvbsmf is not less patient than xfb
venhtextyv is sitting at home more than rovbhorafj, so rovbhorafj is not more patient than venhtextyv
xipjdxwp is sitting at home more than pzbowejfnqdb, so pzbowejfnqdb is not more patient than xipjdxwp
idrtmxmqc is sitting at home more than cauovmozbwi, so cauovmozbwi is not more patient than idrtmxmqc
terqop is sitting at home more than wcyyfpz, so wcyyfpz is not more patient than terqop
xfb is sitting at home more than tzqnvbsmf, so tzqnvbsmf is not more patient than xfb
blkh wants to make a good impression more than dhzkrwtrcvlo, so blkh is more self conscious than dhzkrwtrcvlo
cgpxqangjkdy wants to make a good impression more than qjotno, so cgpxqangjkdy is more self conscious than qjotno
kivulxncurn wants to make a good impression more than quum, so kivulxncurn is more self conscious than quum
jdtynsuedv wants to make a good impression more than mldfuvunyzj, so jdtynsuedv is more self conscious than mldfuvunyzj
cxcihvoiu wants to make a good impression more than ofkbiddewoqd, so cxcihvoiu is more self conscious than ofkbiddewoqd
blkh wants to make a good impression more than dhzkrwtrcvlo, so dhzkrwtrcvlo is less self conscious than blkh
cgpxqangjkdy wants to make a good impression more than qjotno, so qjotno is less self conscious than cgpxqangjkdy
kivulxncurn wants to make a good impression more than quum, so quum is less self conscious than kivulxncurn
jdtynsuedv wants to make a good impression more than mldfuvunyzj, so mldfuvunyzj is less self conscious than jdtynsuedv
cxcihvoiu wants to make a good impression more than ofkbiddewoqd, so ofkbiddewoqd is less self conscious than cxcihvoiu
lrmkgko wants to make a good impression more than cfmwsfi, so lrmkgko is not less self conscious than cfmwsfi
vuk wants to make a good impression more than lufrkisinaps, so vuk is not less self conscious than lufrkisinaps
rtxb wants to make a good impression more than mjwgfdnx, so rtxb is not less self conscious than mjwgfdnx
btjvajtg wants to make a good impression more than kbmyt, so btjvajtg is not less self conscious than kbmyt
cvcxy wants to make a good impression more than ssqrykeimwi, so cvcxy is not less self conscious than ssqrykeimwi
cfmwsfi wants to make a good impression more than lrmkgko, so lrmkgko is not more self conscious than cfmwsfi
lufrkisinaps wants to make a good impression more than vuk, so vuk is not more self conscious than lufrkisinaps
mjwgfdnx wants to make a good impression more than rtxb, so rtxb is not more self conscious than mjwgfdnx
kbmyt wants to make a good impression more than btjvajtg, so btjvajtg is not more self conscious than kbmyt
ssqrykeimwi wants to make a good impression more than cvcxy, so cvcxy is not more self conscious than ssqrykeimwi
zoonstxiavlt finds another person's mother more than kocxxdo, so zoonstxiavlt is more surprised than kocxxdo
xcnyz finds another person's mother more than vfbiynpc, so xcnyz is more surprised than vfbiynpc
xxy finds another person's mother more than sexsukrq, so xxy is more surprised than sexsukrq
etdm finds another person's mother more than kncjlpwwtq, so etdm is more surprised than kncjlpwwtq
bcaicrtqfxb finds another person's mother more than kgshxelgsncg, so bcaicrtqfxb is more surprised than kgshxelgsncg
zoonstxiavlt finds another person's mother more than kocxxdo, so kocxxdo is less surprised than zoonstxiavlt
xcnyz finds another person's mother more than vfbiynpc, so vfbiynpc is less surprised than xcnyz
xxy finds another person's mother more than sexsukrq, so sexsukrq is less surprised than xxy
etdm finds another person's mother more than kncjlpwwtq, so kncjlpwwtq is less surprised than etdm
bcaicrtqfxb finds another person's mother more than kgshxelgsncg, so kgshxelgsncg is less surprised than bcaicrtqfxb
fji finds another person's mother more than zypjrhmcj, so fji is not less surprised than zypjrhmcj
uwlwb finds another person's mother more than gty, so uwlwb is not less surprised than gty
cdjuueipupr finds another person's mother more than ddr, so cdjuueipupr is not less surprised than ddr
kpdpkbpn finds another person's mother more than bki, so kpdpkbpn is not less surprised than bki
njlnnn finds another person's mother more than upbrkyidccx, so njlnnn is not less surprised than upbrkyidccx
zypjrhmcj finds another person's mother more than fji, so fji is not more surprised than zypjrhmcj
gty finds another person's mother more than uwlwb, so uwlwb is not more surprised than gty
ddr finds another person's mother more than cdjuueipupr, so cdjuueipupr is not more surprised than ddr
bki finds another person's mother more than kpdpkbpn, so kpdpkbpn is not more surprised than bki
upbrkyidccx finds another person's mother more than njlnnn, so njlnnn is not more surprised than upbrkyidccx
ikvmefrs gives another person look more than vppwqxttz, so ikvmefrs is more unhappy than vppwqxttz
xpgrsep gives another person look more than dkper, so xpgrsep is more unhappy than dkper
rji gives another person look more than vnlxjekxdl, so rji is more unhappy than vnlxjekxdl
aozyahbkb gives another person look more than cdxtc, so aozyahbkb is more unhappy than cdxtc
eehbugz gives another person look more than uhddgrjtgn, so eehbugz is more unhappy than uhddgrjtgn
ikvmefrs gives another person look more than vppwqxttz, so vppwqxttz is less unhappy than ikvmefrs
xpgrsep gives another person look more than dkper, so dkper is less unhappy than xpgrsep
rji gives another person look more than vnlxjekxdl, so vnlxjekxdl is less unhappy than rji
aozyahbkb gives another person look more than cdxtc, so cdxtc is less unhappy than aozyahbkb
eehbugz gives another person look more than uhddgrjtgn, so uhddgrjtgn is less unhappy than eehbugz
micp gives another person look more than dzxwyisx, so micp is not less unhappy than dzxwyisx
tbk gives another person look more than kologmpztfw, so tbk is not less unhappy than kologmpztfw
tutyvrqkj gives another person look more than esjllktz, so tutyvrqkj is not less unhappy than esjllktz
lpqif gives another person look more than eivox, so lpqif is not less unhappy than eivox
cuhju gives another person look more than ddjwu, so cuhju is not less unhappy than ddjwu
dzxwyisx gives another person look more than micp, so micp is not more unhappy than dzxwyisx
kologmpztfw gives another person look more than tbk, so tbk is not more unhappy than kologmpztfw
esjllktz gives another person look more than tutyvrqkj, so tutyvrqkj is not more unhappy than esjllktz
eivox gives another person look more than lpqif, so lpqif is not more unhappy than eivox
ddjwu gives another person look more than cuhju, so cuhju is not more unhappy than ddjwu
dothpyqb invites friends more than nwkfaec, so dothpyqb is more cordial than nwkfaec
pbtedcauxogr invites friends more than elenyoufqgl, so pbtedcauxogr is more cordial than elenyoufqgl
ttdujeu invites friends more than nddwymogyh, so ttdujeu is more cordial than nddwymogyh
lcyl invites friends more than jqkbhzayeb, so lcyl is more cordial than jqkbhzayeb
ufmf invites friends more than tzrblyyjvb, so ufmf is more cordial than tzrblyyjvb
dothpyqb invites friends more than nwkfaec, so nwkfaec is less cordial than dothpyqb
pbtedcauxogr invites friends more than elenyoufqgl, so elenyoufqgl is less cordial than pbtedcauxogr
ttdujeu invites friends more than nddwymogyh, so nddwymogyh is less cordial than ttdujeu
lcyl invites friends more than jqkbhzayeb, so jqkbhzayeb is less cordial than lcyl
ufmf invites friends more than tzrblyyjvb, so tzrblyyjvb is less cordial than ufmf
totdlojbb invites friends more than pelasoctcgd, so totdlojbb is not less cordial than pelasoctcgd
oksnhzaizd invites friends more than meljudlzvdi, so oksnhzaizd is not less cordial than meljudlzvdi
gmmdtvqwo invites friends more than xdhodps, so gmmdtvqwo is not less cordial than xdhodps
ntccxrlegl invites friends more than yrfwuaw, so ntccxrlegl is not less cordial than yrfwuaw
objhitfz invites friends more than gmrupkrixkja, so objhitfz is not less cordial than gmrupkrixkja
pelasoctcgd invites friends more than totdlojbb, so totdlojbb is not more cordial than pelasoctcgd
meljudlzvdi invites friends more than oksnhzaizd, so oksnhzaizd is not more cordial than meljudlzvdi
xdhodps invites friends more than gmmdtvqwo, so gmmdtvqwo is not more cordial than xdhodps
yrfwuaw invites friends more than ntccxrlegl, so ntccxrlegl is not more cordial than yrfwuaw
gmrupkrixkja invites friends more than objhitfz, so objhitfz is not more cordial than gmrupkrixkja
wavpftl gets depressed more than xpebneecpyab, so wavpftl is less medicated than xpebneecpyab
uly gets depressed more than spuj, so uly is less medicated than spuj
mkytpxenh gets depressed more than rnrlfvhsrvq, so mkytpxenh is less medicated than rnrlfvhsrvq
pzuzu gets depressed more than qtigu, so pzuzu is less medicated than qtigu
xsrj gets depressed more than rfevg, so xsrj is less medicated than rfevg
wavpftl gets depressed more than xpebneecpyab, so xpebneecpyab is less medicated than wavpftl
uly gets depressed more than spuj, so spuj is less medicated than uly
mkytpxenh gets depressed more than rnrlfvhsrvq, so rnrlfvhsrvq is less medicated than mkytpxenh
pzuzu gets depressed more than qtigu, so qtigu is less medicated than pzuzu
xsrj gets depressed more than rfevg, so rfevg is less medicated than xsrj
xvtbkoz gets depressed more than piqmbyapm, so xvtbkoz is not less medicated than piqmbyapm
cbowt gets depressed more than leoy, so cbowt is not less medicated than leoy
isiqn gets depressed more than odqru, so isiqn is not less medicated than odqru
rvfn gets depressed more than zzwnc, so rvfn is not less medicated than zzwnc
qebmchdgk gets depressed more than uiodhxhe, so qebmchdgk is not less medicated than uiodhxhe
piqmbyapm gets depressed more than xvtbkoz, so xvtbkoz is not more medicated than piqmbyapm
leoy gets depressed more than cbowt, so cbowt is not more medicated than leoy
odqru gets depressed more than isiqn, so isiqn is not more medicated than odqru
zzwnc gets depressed more than rvfn, so rvfn is not more medicated than zzwnc
uiodhxhe gets depressed more than qebmchdgk, so qebmchdgk is not more medicated than uiodhxhe
nnbdicervo carries another person around more than oizrqm, so nnbdicervo is more helpful than oizrqm
nhbiserkd carries another person around more than lwmjqofetmgc, so nhbiserkd is more helpful than lwmjqofetmgc
udzqcdtarvsr carries another person around more than nrdxqetcgus, so udzqcdtarvsr is more helpful than nrdxqetcgus
ehlkn carries another person around more than lmpwshotmp, so ehlkn is more helpful than lmpwshotmp
yah carries another person around more than ofmwsmscn, so yah is more helpful than ofmwsmscn
nnbdicervo carries another person around more than oizrqm, so oizrqm is less helpful than nnbdicervo
nhbiserkd carries another person around more than lwmjqofetmgc, so lwmjqofetmgc is less helpful than nhbiserkd
udzqcdtarvsr carries another person around more than nrdxqetcgus, so nrdxqetcgus is less helpful than udzqcdtarvsr
ehlkn carries another person around more than lmpwshotmp, so lmpwshotmp is less helpful than ehlkn
yah carries another person around more than ofmwsmscn, so ofmwsmscn is less helpful than yah
kttfkdtrs carries another person around more than yohjl, so kttfkdtrs is not less helpful than yohjl
zkamnjgs carries another person around more than eums, so zkamnjgs is not less helpful than eums
xyx carries another person around more than tyvcwpbw, so xyx is not less helpful than tyvcwpbw
xdmuazjdiknb carries another person around more than qjuqqgipz, so xdmuazjdiknb is not less helpful than qjuqqgipz
ardjkt carries another person around more than wjixxghu, so ardjkt is not less helpful than wjixxghu
yohjl carries another person around more than kttfkdtrs, so kttfkdtrs is not more helpful than yohjl
eums carries another person around more than zkamnjgs, so zkamnjgs is not more helpful than eums
tyvcwpbw carries another person around more than xyx, so xyx is not more helpful than tyvcwpbw
qjuqqgipz carries another person around more than xdmuazjdiknb, so xdmuazjdiknb is not more helpful than qjuqqgipz
wjixxghu carries another person around more than ardjkt, so ardjkt is not more helpful than wjixxghu
hmu feels proud of himself more than xwrevsxxoef, so hmu is more proud than xwrevsxxoef
cotgc feels proud of himself more than aknfmcbc, so cotgc is more proud than aknfmcbc
fqglnjzcb feels proud of himself more than pdlvqkfvmcgo, so fqglnjzcb is more proud than pdlvqkfvmcgo
aopbfpj feels proud of himself more than drigwwbeivh, so aopbfpj is more proud than drigwwbeivh
lzn feels proud of himself more than gljvyqpqex, so lzn is more proud than gljvyqpqex
hmu feels proud of himself more than xwrevsxxoef, so xwrevsxxoef is less proud than hmu
cotgc feels proud of himself more than aknfmcbc, so aknfmcbc is less proud than cotgc
fqglnjzcb feels proud of himself more than pdlvqkfvmcgo, so pdlvqkfvmcgo is less proud than fqglnjzcb
aopbfpj feels proud of himself more than drigwwbeivh, so drigwwbeivh is less proud than aopbfpj
lzn feels proud of himself more than gljvyqpqex, so gljvyqpqex is less proud than lzn
yttf feels proud of himself more than wcujjoda, so yttf is not less proud than wcujjoda
yia feels proud of himself more than des, so yia is not less proud than des
gflmk feels proud of himself more than qwhcgmld, so gflmk is not less proud than qwhcgmld
fvcxm feels proud of himself more than auvf, so fvcxm is not less proud than auvf
lnywp feels proud of himself more than luat, so lnywp is not less proud than luat
wcujjoda feels proud of himself more than yttf, so yttf is not more proud than wcujjoda
des feels proud of himself more than yia, so yia is not more proud than des
qwhcgmld feels proud of himself more than gflmk, so gflmk is not more proud than qwhcgmld
auvf feels proud of himself more than fvcxm, so fvcxm is not more proud than auvf
luat feels proud of himself more than lnywp, so lnywp is not more proud than luat
qnpgihxu takes another person part more than wgytrowjq, so qnpgihxu is more greedy than wgytrowjq
arwuvfnnqxnw takes another person part more than zmh, so arwuvfnnqxnw is more greedy than zmh
wmmmyngik takes another person part more than ntiobkni, so wmmmyngik is more greedy than ntiobkni
xwqvpayb takes another person part more than qonajywfzktj, so xwqvpayb is more greedy than qonajywfzktj
vghbdyseyavh takes another person part more than vsbhkuge, so vghbdyseyavh is more greedy than vsbhkuge
qnpgihxu takes another person part more than wgytrowjq, so wgytrowjq is less greedy than qnpgihxu
arwuvfnnqxnw takes another person part more than zmh, so zmh is less greedy than arwuvfnnqxnw
wmmmyngik takes another person part more than ntiobkni, so ntiobkni is less greedy than wmmmyngik
xwqvpayb takes another person part more than qonajywfzktj, so qonajywfzktj is less greedy than xwqvpayb
vghbdyseyavh takes another person part more than vsbhkuge, so vsbhkuge is less greedy than vghbdyseyavh
xhvsbpmfzs takes another person part more than bfpib, so xhvsbpmfzs is not less greedy than bfpib
dwxvj takes another person part more than lsqvqqxfcjmo, so dwxvj is not less greedy than lsqvqqxfcjmo
bqfignqi takes another person part more than zoaymi, so bqfignqi is not less greedy than zoaymi
gewjxhaubch takes another person part more than bxddo, so gewjxhaubch is not less greedy than bxddo
tbswkprwabke takes another person part more than idsubmu, so tbswkprwabke is not less greedy than idsubmu
bfpib takes another person part more than xhvsbpmfzs, so xhvsbpmfzs is not more greedy than bfpib
lsqvqqxfcjmo takes another person part more than dwxvj, so dwxvj is not more greedy than lsqvqqxfcjmo
zoaymi takes another person part more than bqfignqi, so bqfignqi is not more greedy than zoaymi
bxddo takes another person part more than gewjxhaubch, so gewjxhaubch is not more greedy than bxddo
idsubmu takes another person part more than tbswkprwabke, so tbswkprwabke is not more greedy than idsubmu
qzpesu waves back more than ehwgogax, so qzpesu is more friendly than ehwgogax
fcswczulqwp waves back more than zryusix, so fcswczulqwp is more friendly than zryusix
ykkfbi waves back more than vsunzzrsk, so ykkfbi is more friendly than vsunzzrsk
fccpfujqtcp waves back more than azgtdv, so fccpfujqtcp is more friendly than azgtdv
mxqkiqglxfhp waves back more than txitvmycoi, so mxqkiqglxfhp is more friendly than txitvmycoi
qzpesu waves back more than ehwgogax, so ehwgogax is less friendly than qzpesu
fcswczulqwp waves back more than zryusix, so zryusix is less friendly than fcswczulqwp
ykkfbi waves back more than vsunzzrsk, so vsunzzrsk is less friendly than ykkfbi
fccpfujqtcp waves back more than azgtdv, so azgtdv is less friendly than fccpfujqtcp
mxqkiqglxfhp waves back more than txitvmycoi, so txitvmycoi is less friendly than mxqkiqglxfhp
xwe waves back more than rhut, so xwe is not less friendly than rhut
dwazz waves back more than igiksivsnjjz, so dwazz is not less friendly than igiksivsnjjz
jzshwzoehn waves back more than vzobdhqn, so jzshwzoehn is not less friendly than vzobdhqn
uvzmtkilhjsy waves back more than nsknmanemo, so uvzmtkilhjsy is not less friendly than nsknmanemo
ogwzsmfoauux waves back more than umopzmdbl, so ogwzsmfoauux is not less friendly than umopzmdbl
rhut waves back more than xwe, so xwe is not more friendly than rhut
igiksivsnjjz waves back more than dwazz, so dwazz is not more friendly than igiksivsnjjz
vzobdhqn waves back more than jzshwzoehn, so jzshwzoehn is not more friendly than vzobdhqn
nsknmanemo waves back more than uvzmtkilhjsy, so uvzmtkilhjsy is not more friendly than nsknmanemo
umopzmdbl waves back more than ogwzsmfoauux, so ogwzsmfoauux is not more friendly than umopzmdbl
zofhagyhxno tests their skills more than afrsay, so zofhagyhxno is more clever than afrsay
lmnogtonq tests their skills more than whuqjklnkhrs, so lmnogtonq is more clever than whuqjklnkhrs
aeqp tests their skills more than wogsxjtczac, so aeqp is more clever than wogsxjtczac
yflkxjnejs tests their skills more than skotwsfp, so yflkxjnejs is more clever than skotwsfp
wskrrcz tests their skills more than dgiqyxhenh, so wskrrcz is more clever than dgiqyxhenh
zofhagyhxno tests their skills more than afrsay, so afrsay is less clever than zofhagyhxno
lmnogtonq tests their skills more than whuqjklnkhrs, so whuqjklnkhrs is less clever than lmnogtonq
aeqp tests their skills more than wogsxjtczac, so wogsxjtczac is less clever than aeqp
yflkxjnejs tests their skills more than skotwsfp, so skotwsfp is less clever than yflkxjnejs
wskrrcz tests their skills more than dgiqyxhenh, so dgiqyxhenh is less clever than wskrrcz
mrtdrgroa tests their skills more than ctnvspykg, so mrtdrgroa is not less clever than ctnvspykg
evxsgivbosg tests their skills more than osno, so evxsgivbosg is not less clever than osno
cgmwoqpkpbp tests their skills more than jew, so cgmwoqpkpbp is not less clever than jew
dmmykrlwjfyv tests their skills more than mfszmtpk, so dmmykrlwjfyv is not less clever than mfszmtpk
xmvjen tests their skills more than qgrsd, so xmvjen is not less clever than qgrsd
ctnvspykg tests their skills more than mrtdrgroa, so mrtdrgroa is not more clever than ctnvspykg
osno tests their skills more than evxsgivbosg, so evxsgivbosg is not more clever than osno
jew tests their skills more than cgmwoqpkpbp, so cgmwoqpkpbp is not more clever than jew
mfszmtpk tests their skills more than dmmykrlwjfyv, so dmmykrlwjfyv is not more clever than mfszmtpk
qgrsd tests their skills more than xmvjen, so xmvjen is not more clever than qgrsd
jctjmtxwprt meets a new girl more than rzhlyq, so jctjmtxwprt is more hopeful than rzhlyq
othgjeeqt meets a new girl more than kjlnxgthnyq, so othgjeeqt is more hopeful than kjlnxgthnyq
gzhm meets a new girl more than skgogaye, so gzhm is more hopeful than skgogaye
vbkx meets a new girl more than stenvpg, so vbkx is more hopeful than stenvpg
pjfnxcponh meets a new girl more than ghvolqjcb, so pjfnxcponh is more hopeful than ghvolqjcb
jctjmtxwprt meets a new girl more than rzhlyq, so rzhlyq is less hopeful than jctjmtxwprt
othgjeeqt meets a new girl more than kjlnxgthnyq, so kjlnxgthnyq is less hopeful than othgjeeqt
gzhm meets a new girl more than skgogaye, so skgogaye is less hopeful than gzhm
vbkx meets a new girl more than stenvpg, so stenvpg is less hopeful than vbkx
pjfnxcponh meets a new girl more than ghvolqjcb, so ghvolqjcb is less hopeful than pjfnxcponh
uhwyyyhhw meets a new girl more than azi, so uhwyyyhhw is not less hopeful than azi
vubqjstl meets a new girl more than fzoaxles, so vubqjstl is not less hopeful than fzoaxles
rmzmj meets a new girl more than bhgejz, so rmzmj is not less hopeful than bhgejz
qer meets a new girl more than sgnlymt, so qer is not less hopeful than sgnlymt
bhx meets a new girl more than gsaxlwedpg, so bhx is not less hopeful than gsaxlwedpg
azi meets a new girl while uhwyyyhhw does not, so uhwyyyhhw is not more hopeful than azi
fzoaxles meets a new girl while vubqjstl does not, so vubqjstl is not more hopeful than fzoaxles
bhgejz meets a new girl while rmzmj does not, so rmzmj is not more hopeful than bhgejz
sgnlymt meets a new girl while qer does not, so qer is not more hopeful than sgnlymt
gsaxlwedpg meets a new girl while bhx does not, so bhx is not more hopeful than gsaxlwedpg
djrwfjvdfl also gave more than fyrfqjvfel, so djrwfjvdfl is more generous than fyrfqjvfel
emsih also gave more than hhgpicuefk, so emsih is more generous than hhgpicuefk
thsbszagm also gave more than arwwwmomtw, so thsbszagm is more generous than arwwwmomtw
sppl also gave more than rswvnblo, so sppl is more generous than rswvnblo
qjastkuoyzf also gave more than cpdijxlz, so qjastkuoyzf is more generous than cpdijxlz
djrwfjvdfl also gave more than fyrfqjvfel, so fyrfqjvfel is less generous than djrwfjvdfl
emsih also gave more than hhgpicuefk, so hhgpicuefk is less generous than emsih
thsbszagm also gave more than arwwwmomtw, so arwwwmomtw is less generous than thsbszagm
sppl also gave more than rswvnblo, so rswvnblo is less generous than sppl
qjastkuoyzf also gave more than cpdijxlz, so cpdijxlz is less generous than qjastkuoyzf
hhdjsjkix also gave more than vwcxbhrwyxmd, so hhdjsjkix is not less generous than vwcxbhrwyxmd
mfdwjxstevct also gave more than avyj, so mfdwjxstevct is not less generous than avyj
gysbibxjin also gave more than ycqflpqrdscf, so gysbibxjin is not less generous than ycqflpqrdscf
dwzd also gave more than ivamukjx, so dwzd is not less generous than ivamukjx
ceim also gave more than jnzumtpkv, so ceim is not less generous than jnzumtpkv
vwcxbhrwyxmd also gave more than hhdjsjkix, so hhdjsjkix is not more generous than vwcxbhrwyxmd
avyj also gave more than mfdwjxstevct, so mfdwjxstevct is not more generous than avyj
ycqflpqrdscf also gave more than gysbibxjin, so gysbibxjin is not more generous than ycqflpqrdscf
ivamukjx also gave more than dwzd, so dwzd is not more generous than ivamukjx
jnzumtpkv also gave more than ceim, so ceim is not more generous than jnzumtpkv
lsiznerq takes it to a veterinarian more than zuju, so lsiznerq is more worried than zuju
haoai takes it to a veterinarian more than dhinnpg, so haoai is more worried than dhinnpg
zwk takes it to a veterinarian more than amkadxw, so zwk is more worried than amkadxw
obmxsxrlan takes it to a veterinarian more than opwskyhh, so obmxsxrlan is more worried than opwskyhh
zieltuvz takes it to a veterinarian more than cxbnjcy, so zieltuvz is more worried than cxbnjcy
lsiznerq takes it to a veterinarian more than zuju, so zuju is less worried than lsiznerq
haoai takes it to a veterinarian more than dhinnpg, so dhinnpg is less worried than haoai
zwk takes it to a veterinarian more than amkadxw, so amkadxw is less worried than zwk
obmxsxrlan takes it to a veterinarian more than opwskyhh, so opwskyhh is less worried than obmxsxrlan
zieltuvz takes it to a veterinarian more than cxbnjcy, so cxbnjcy is less worried than zieltuvz
cdh takes it to a veterinarian more than piwqwvqh, so cdh is not less worried than piwqwvqh
itjdkoisxw takes it to a veterinarian more than rfvvr, so itjdkoisxw is not less worried than rfvvr
wihkwftcm takes it to a veterinarian more than oqlrto, so wihkwftcm is not less worried than oqlrto
ujgyhtovfeat takes it to a veterinarian more than srmjdgytxky, so ujgyhtovfeat is not less worried than srmjdgytxky
zuqfi takes it to a veterinarian more than yeoukanou, so zuqfi is not less worried than yeoukanou
piwqwvqh takes it to a veterinarian more than cdh, so cdh is not more worried than piwqwvqh
rfvvr takes it to a veterinarian more than itjdkoisxw, so itjdkoisxw is not more worried than rfvvr
oqlrto takes it to a veterinarian more than wihkwftcm, so wihkwftcm is not more worried than oqlrto
srmjdgytxky takes it to a veterinarian more than ujgyhtovfeat, so ujgyhtovfeat is not more worried than srmjdgytxky
yeoukanou takes it to a veterinarian more than zuqfi, so zuqfi is not more worried than yeoukanou
ssslxan touches another person's cheek more than ovqyfe, so ssslxan is more gentle than ovqyfe
chrsorp touches another person's cheek more than nsplarjvv, so chrsorp is more gentle than nsplarjvv
aqgp touches another person's cheek more than ljtckzgxipuq, so aqgp is more gentle than ljtckzgxipuq
mmkswbjlk touches another person's cheek more than vhtmxe, so mmkswbjlk is more gentle than vhtmxe
yqahglocx touches another person's cheek more than bifxzcf, so yqahglocx is more gentle than bifxzcf
ssslxan touches another person's cheek more than ovqyfe, so ovqyfe is less gentle than ssslxan
chrsorp touches another person's cheek more than nsplarjvv, so nsplarjvv is less gentle than chrsorp
aqgp touches another person's cheek more than ljtckzgxipuq, so ljtckzgxipuq is less gentle than aqgp
mmkswbjlk touches another person's cheek more than vhtmxe, so vhtmxe is less gentle than mmkswbjlk
yqahglocx touches another person's cheek more than bifxzcf, so bifxzcf is less gentle than yqahglocx
tvwgdkhlmjk touches another person's cheek more than nps, so tvwgdkhlmjk is not less gentle than nps
hpzvrjce touches another person's cheek more than implydwvczhs, so hpzvrjce is not less gentle than implydwvczhs
wobll touches another person's cheek more than kcudg, so wobll is not less gentle than kcudg
blhtqpajasuk touches another person's cheek more than fzbpo, so blhtqpajasuk is not less gentle than fzbpo
chep touches another person's cheek more than quhcwiylzaiw, so chep is not less gentle than quhcwiylzaiw
nps touches another person's cheek more than tvwgdkhlmjk, so tvwgdkhlmjk is not more gentle than nps
implydwvczhs touches another person's cheek more than hpzvrjce, so hpzvrjce is not more gentle than implydwvczhs
kcudg touches another person's cheek more than wobll, so wobll is not more gentle than kcudg
fzbpo touches another person's cheek more than blhtqpajasuk, so blhtqpajasuk is not more gentle than fzbpo
quhcwiylzaiw touches another person's cheek more than chep, so chep is not more gentle than quhcwiylzaiw
fjwvpuivx follows another person into the room more than xxub, so fjwvpuivx is more sneaky than xxub
izt follows another person into the room more than mydpa, so izt is more sneaky than mydpa
nnnsxw follows another person into the room more than rxphqsb, so nnnsxw is more sneaky than rxphqsb
goaynxr follows another person into the room more than pum, so goaynxr is more sneaky than pum
jilnt follows another person into the room more than krtg, so jilnt is more sneaky than krtg
fjwvpuivx follows another person into the room more than xxub, so xxub is less sneaky than fjwvpuivx
izt follows another person into the room more than mydpa, so mydpa is less sneaky than izt
nnnsxw follows another person into the room more than rxphqsb, so rxphqsb is less sneaky than nnnsxw
goaynxr follows another person into the room more than pum, so pum is less sneaky than goaynxr
jilnt follows another person into the room more than krtg, so krtg is less sneaky than jilnt
fbawqbby follows another person into the room more than ykwdl, so fbawqbby is not less sneaky than ykwdl
edkh follows another person into the room more than tpnssidkohm, so edkh is not less sneaky than tpnssidkohm
xyvgpkz follows another person into the room more than pyzzffbretz, so xyvgpkz is not less sneaky than pyzzffbretz
qwlyfn follows another person into the room more than lctms, so qwlyfn is not less sneaky than lctms
ztg follows another person into the room more than fcja, so ztg is not less sneaky than fcja
ykwdl follows another person into the room more than fbawqbby, so fbawqbby is not more sneaky than ykwdl
tpnssidkohm follows another person into the room more than edkh, so edkh is not more sneaky than tpnssidkohm
pyzzffbretz follows another person into the room more than xyvgpkz, so xyvgpkz is not more sneaky than pyzzffbretz
lctms follows another person into the room more than qwlyfn, so qwlyfn is not more sneaky than lctms
fcja follows another person into the room more than ztg, so ztg is not more sneaky than fcja
uvxvyqyritk tells another person otherwise more than rpgzeenl, so uvxvyqyritk is more outspoken than rpgzeenl
grurvz tells another person otherwise more than uyjndbzwgt, so grurvz is more outspoken than uyjndbzwgt
fkkateslmap tells another person otherwise more than zgpqqzrkv, so fkkateslmap is more outspoken than zgpqqzrkv
nnmuppkhou tells another person otherwise more than oxggmvwmstjh, so nnmuppkhou is more outspoken than oxggmvwmstjh
gaavswpfjhdd tells another person otherwise more than nljkvmjl, so gaavswpfjhdd is more outspoken than nljkvmjl
uvxvyqyritk tells another person otherwise more than rpgzeenl, so rpgzeenl is less outspoken than uvxvyqyritk
grurvz tells another person otherwise more than uyjndbzwgt, so uyjndbzwgt is less outspoken than grurvz
fkkateslmap tells another person otherwise more than zgpqqzrkv, so zgpqqzrkv is less outspoken than fkkateslmap
nnmuppkhou tells another person otherwise more than oxggmvwmstjh, so oxggmvwmstjh is less outspoken than nnmuppkhou
gaavswpfjhdd tells another person otherwise more than nljkvmjl, so nljkvmjl is less outspoken than gaavswpfjhdd
agpacqtaukb tells another person otherwise more than ukef, so agpacqtaukb is not less outspoken than ukef
nfbzmbtlwu tells another person otherwise more than iurpuh, so nfbzmbtlwu is not less outspoken than iurpuh
gbcestcfwk tells another person otherwise more than hakapzbe, so gbcestcfwk is not less outspoken than hakapzbe
zmiqccick tells another person otherwise more than ifseuicepw, so zmiqccick is not less outspoken than ifseuicepw
njrifccdcs tells another person otherwise more than otchqgxvqp, so njrifccdcs is not less outspoken than otchqgxvqp
ukef tells another person otherwise more than agpacqtaukb, so agpacqtaukb is not more outspoken than ukef
iurpuh tells another person otherwise more than nfbzmbtlwu, so nfbzmbtlwu is not more outspoken than iurpuh
hakapzbe tells another person otherwise more than gbcestcfwk, so gbcestcfwk is not more outspoken than hakapzbe
ifseuicepw tells another person otherwise more than zmiqccick, so zmiqccick is not more outspoken than ifseuicepw
otchqgxvqp tells another person otherwise more than njrifccdcs, so njrifccdcs is not more outspoken than otchqgxvqp
waj kicks against the pricks more than ovsxy, so waj is more brave than ovsxy
oykinkiu kicks against the pricks more than geazeou, so oykinkiu is more brave than geazeou
mdt kicks against the pricks more than ekbr, so mdt is more brave than ekbr
cdjvzttmqj kicks against the pricks more than tujrzzgi, so cdjvzttmqj is more brave than tujrzzgi
uhmkotqyweol kicks against the pricks more than bpagwooandht, so uhmkotqyweol is more brave than bpagwooandht
waj kicks against the pricks more than ovsxy, so ovsxy is less brave than waj
oykinkiu kicks against the pricks more than geazeou, so geazeou is less brave than oykinkiu
mdt kicks against the pricks more than ekbr, so ekbr is less brave than mdt
cdjvzttmqj kicks against the pricks more than tujrzzgi, so tujrzzgi is less brave than cdjvzttmqj
uhmkotqyweol kicks against the pricks more than bpagwooandht, so bpagwooandht is less brave than uhmkotqyweol
jqfeyfuxtu kicks against the pricks more than tlsybty, so jqfeyfuxtu is not less brave than tlsybty
rtoz kicks against the pricks more than jnasrjbhvj, so rtoz is not less brave than jnasrjbhvj
duogtuono kicks against the pricks more than mkpjxwra, so duogtuono is not less brave than mkpjxwra
swoqgrtvkibm kicks against the pricks more than uqqa, so swoqgrtvkibm is not less brave than uqqa
zicmhtxllsch kicks against the pricks more than ctavbsgol, so zicmhtxllsch is not less brave than ctavbsgol
tlsybty kicks against the pricks more than jqfeyfuxtu, so jqfeyfuxtu is not more brave than tlsybty
jnasrjbhvj kicks against the pricks more than rtoz, so rtoz is not more brave than jnasrjbhvj
mkpjxwra kicks against the pricks more than duogtuono, so duogtuono is not more brave than mkpjxwra
uqqa kicks against the pricks more than swoqgrtvkibm, so swoqgrtvkibm is not more brave than uqqa
ctavbsgol kicks against the pricks more than zicmhtxllsch, so zicmhtxllsch is not more brave than ctavbsgol
nxhrrvuu tells another person's son more than eghvxmjmff, so nxhrrvuu is less affable than eghvxmjmff
yiomws tells another person's son more than qwn, so yiomws is less affable than qwn
katmoi tells another person's son more than sbvyacgxnide, so katmoi is less affable than sbvyacgxnide
xqcqqlycl tells another person's son more than eitxqohfrzcn, so xqcqqlycl is less affable than eitxqohfrzcn
gibf tells another person's son more than rveycdjvaq, so gibf is less affable than rveycdjvaq
nxhrrvuu tells another person's son more than eghvxmjmff, so eghvxmjmff is less affable than nxhrrvuu
yiomws tells another person's son more than qwn, so qwn is less affable than yiomws
katmoi tells another person's son more than sbvyacgxnide, so sbvyacgxnide is less affable than katmoi
xqcqqlycl tells another person's son more than eitxqohfrzcn, so eitxqohfrzcn is less affable than xqcqqlycl
gibf tells another person's son more than rveycdjvaq, so rveycdjvaq is less affable than gibf
xpmsdpvnxl tells another person's son more than yhzgqyjdd, so xpmsdpvnxl is not less affable than yhzgqyjdd
ufju tells another person's son more than kfzvo, so ufju is not less affable than kfzvo
jnbzmrsu tells another person's son more than mordo, so jnbzmrsu is not less affable than mordo
wwrkr tells another person's son more than uystluvfos, so wwrkr is not less affable than uystluvfos
ulinz tells another person's son more than pkgj, so ulinz is not less affable than pkgj
yhzgqyjdd tells another person's son more than xpmsdpvnxl, so xpmsdpvnxl is not more affable than yhzgqyjdd
kfzvo tells another person's son more than ufju, so ufju is not more affable than kfzvo
mordo tells another person's son more than jnbzmrsu, so jnbzmrsu is not more affable than mordo
uystluvfos tells another person's son more than wwrkr, so wwrkr is not more affable than uystluvfos
pkgj tells another person's son more than ulinz, so ulinz is not more affable than pkgj
xdvm calls a repairman more than xrj, so xdvm is more cold than xrj
ziws calls a repairman more than eocyt, so ziws is more cold than eocyt
qtynhamasvjt calls a repairman more than tgceprwk, so qtynhamasvjt is more cold than tgceprwk
wqem calls a repairman more than tfv, so wqem is more cold than tfv
omqaxgc calls a repairman more than gbwnuiuf, so omqaxgc is more cold than gbwnuiuf
xdvm calls a repairman more than xrj, so xrj is less cold than xdvm
ziws calls a repairman more than eocyt, so eocyt is less cold than ziws
qtynhamasvjt calls a repairman more than tgceprwk, so tgceprwk is less cold than qtynhamasvjt
wqem calls a repairman more than tfv, so tfv is less cold than wqem
omqaxgc calls a repairman more than gbwnuiuf, so gbwnuiuf is less cold than omqaxgc
eszrvq calls a repairman more than bcwckpqdy, so eszrvq is not more cold than bcwckpqdy
vltrhtveg calls a repairman more than zcramcswktl, so vltrhtveg is not more cold than zcramcswktl
pkydg calls a repairman more than fhvpprjr, so pkydg is not more cold than fhvpprjr
rhweoxmn calls a repairman more than swoasbnljx, so rhweoxmn is not more cold than swoasbnljx
wgyza calls a repairman more than humwywdpr, so wgyza is not more cold than humwywdpr
bcwckpqdy calls a repairman more than eszrvq, so eszrvq is not less cold than bcwckpqdy
zcramcswktl calls a repairman more than vltrhtveg, so vltrhtveg is not less cold than zcramcswktl
fhvpprjr calls a repairman more than pkydg, so pkydg is not less cold than fhvpprjr
swoasbnljx calls a repairman more than rhweoxmn, so rhweoxmn is not less cold than swoasbnljx
humwywdpr calls a repairman more than wgyza, so wgyza is not less cold than humwywdpr
tsgjgmdfykn gets the lead role more than cvncbmxbk, so tsgjgmdfykn is more excited than cvncbmxbk
uzi gets the lead role more than qgcyzwbl, so uzi is more excited than qgcyzwbl
duxqfapekw gets the lead role more than umar, so duxqfapekw is more excited than umar
cmejguessjy gets the lead role more than haofwhomxup, so cmejguessjy is more excited than haofwhomxup
fhs gets the lead role more than cflilwlxx, so fhs is more excited than cflilwlxx
tsgjgmdfykn gets the lead role more than cvncbmxbk, so cvncbmxbk is less excited than tsgjgmdfykn
uzi gets the lead role more than qgcyzwbl, so qgcyzwbl is less excited than uzi
duxqfapekw gets the lead role more than umar, so umar is less excited than duxqfapekw
cmejguessjy gets the lead role more than haofwhomxup, so haofwhomxup is less excited than cmejguessjy
fhs gets the lead role more than cflilwlxx, so cflilwlxx is less excited than fhs
rrmd gets the lead role more than zzxfqftkxn, so rrmd is not less excited than zzxfqftkxn
wukn gets the lead role more than zzrlbyjx, so wukn is not less excited than zzrlbyjx
huobyvhc gets the lead role more than gvcj, so huobyvhc is not less excited than gvcj
vjodczlozstq gets the lead role more than ega, so vjodczlozstq is not less excited than ega
nsjtrtwpphbn gets the lead role more than ujasdpfux, so nsjtrtwpphbn is not less excited than ujasdpfux
zzxfqftkxn gets the lead role more than rrmd, so rrmd is not more excited than zzxfqftkxn
zzrlbyjx gets the lead role more than wukn, so wukn is not more excited than zzrlbyjx
gvcj gets the lead role more than huobyvhc, so huobyvhc is not more excited than gvcj
ega gets the lead role more than vjodczlozstq, so vjodczlozstq is not more excited than ega
ujasdpfux gets the lead role more than nsjtrtwpphbn, so nsjtrtwpphbn is not more excited than ujasdpfux
uuepquedxuz has too much stuff more than ychom, so uuepquedxuz is more overwhelmed than ychom
khfqld has too much stuff more than unkzbjwayq, so khfqld is more overwhelmed than unkzbjwayq
dqjhi has too much stuff more than kurpsgi, so dqjhi is more overwhelmed than kurpsgi
uwndbmdk has too much stuff more than kdbrzvj, so uwndbmdk is more overwhelmed than kdbrzvj
zgyzsyucgpho has too much stuff more than uird, so zgyzsyucgpho is more overwhelmed than uird
uuepquedxuz has too much stuff, ychom does not, so ychom is less overwhelmed than uuepquedxuz
khfqld has too much stuff, unkzbjwayq does not, so unkzbjwayq is less overwhelmed than khfqld
dqjhi has too much stuff, kurpsgi does not, so kurpsgi is less overwhelmed than dqjhi
uwndbmdk has too much stuff, kdbrzvj does not, so kdbrzvj is less overwhelmed than uwndbmdk
zgyzsyucgpho has too much stuff, uird does not, so uird is less overwhelmed than zgyzsyucgpho
vzjuwwebx has too much stuff more than zxdsuhub, so vzjuwwebx is not less overwhelmed than zxdsuhub
qmeua has too much stuff more than hkasbfz, so qmeua is not less overwhelmed than hkasbfz
gmhh has too much stuff more than xsnfbxys, so gmhh is not less overwhelmed than xsnfbxys
qnptlhmezr has too much stuff more than lukbcmseyr, so qnptlhmezr is not less overwhelmed than lukbcmseyr
tfcmpmwm has too much stuff more than fibrrxitri, so tfcmpmwm is not less overwhelmed than fibrrxitri
zxdsuhub has too much stuff more than vzjuwwebx, so vzjuwwebx is not more overwhelmed than zxdsuhub
hkasbfz has too much stuff more than qmeua, so qmeua is not more overwhelmed than hkasbfz
xsnfbxys has too much stuff more than gmhh, so gmhh is not more overwhelmed than xsnfbxys
lukbcmseyr has too much stuff more than qnptlhmezr, so qnptlhmezr is not more overwhelmed than lukbcmseyr
fibrrxitri has too much stuff more than tfcmpmwm, so tfcmpmwm is not more overwhelmed than fibrrxitri
fylhdtujbtqz makes the decision more than wyeinqw, so fylhdtujbtqz is more decisive than wyeinqw
pmdilikhbrp makes the decision more than hppitkcu, so pmdilikhbrp is more decisive than hppitkcu
agvav makes the decision more than fanp, so agvav is more decisive than fanp
rwnozactkly makes the decision more than ejsvwebiioxw, so rwnozactkly is more decisive than ejsvwebiioxw
pcltknnvaoda makes the decision more than xojligtfyuhm, so pcltknnvaoda is more decisive than xojligtfyuhm
fylhdtujbtqz makes the decision more than wyeinqw, so wyeinqw is less decisive than fylhdtujbtqz
pmdilikhbrp makes the decision more than hppitkcu, so hppitkcu is less decisive than pmdilikhbrp
agvav makes the decision more than fanp, so fanp is less decisive than agvav
rwnozactkly makes the decision more than ejsvwebiioxw, so ejsvwebiioxw is less decisive than rwnozactkly
pcltknnvaoda makes the decision more than xojligtfyuhm, so xojligtfyuhm is less decisive than pcltknnvaoda
vocej makes the decision more than mdwttsfdor, so vocej is not less decisive than mdwttsfdor
urlphjem makes the decision more than jecegooma, so urlphjem is not less decisive than jecegooma
mxuyo makes the decision more than iksc, so mxuyo is not less decisive than iksc
aaprrccjtco makes the decision more than oyqzboofuj, so aaprrccjtco is not less decisive than oyqzboofuj
dbmerfi makes the decision more than yobfqt, so dbmerfi is not less decisive than yobfqt
mdwttsfdor makes the decision more than vocej, so vocej is not more decisive than mdwttsfdor
jecegooma makes the decision more than urlphjem, so urlphjem is not more decisive than jecegooma
iksc makes the decision more than mxuyo, so mxuyo is not more decisive than iksc
oyqzboofuj makes the decision more than aaprrccjtco, so aaprrccjtco is not more decisive than oyqzboofuj
yobfqt makes the decision more than dbmerfi, so dbmerfi is not more decisive than yobfqt
nwx drives to the park more than ssxtlnxz, so nwx is more excited than ssxtlnxz
jeobehw drives to the park more than woswdh, so jeobehw is more excited than woswdh
psjjgdlip drives to the park more than nxobayqjt, so psjjgdlip is more excited than nxobayqjt
ihri drives to the park more than ardfvtbfc, so ihri is more excited than ardfvtbfc
evultxv drives to the park more than tdy, so evultxv is more excited than tdy
nwx drives to the park more than ssxtlnxz, so ssxtlnxz is less excited than nwx
jeobehw drives to the park more than woswdh, so woswdh is less excited than jeobehw
psjjgdlip drives to the park more than nxobayqjt, so nxobayqjt is less excited than psjjgdlip
ihri drives to the park more than ardfvtbfc, so ardfvtbfc is less excited than ihri
evultxv drives to the park more than tdy, so tdy is less excited than evultxv
mntijvxlbwf drives to the park more than lxvctbmcva, so mntijvxlbwf is not less excited than lxvctbmcva
xdjeqlf drives to the park more than przwszgiekjg, so xdjeqlf is not less excited than przwszgiekjg
miq drives to the park more than csfwaycakk, so miq is not less excited than csfwaycakk
qfmk drives to the park more than hvsult, so qfmk is not less excited than hvsult
wwpnaxokzne drives to the park more than gvcdxsnyukq, so wwpnaxokzne is not less excited than gvcdxsnyukq
lxvctbmcva drives to the park more than mntijvxlbwf, so mntijvxlbwf is not more excited than lxvctbmcva
przwszgiekjg drives to the park more than xdjeqlf, so xdjeqlf is not more excited than przwszgiekjg
csfwaycakk drives to the park more than miq, so miq is not more excited than csfwaycakk
hvsult drives to the park more than qfmk, so qfmk is not more excited than hvsult
gvcdxsnyukq drives to the park more than wwpnaxokzne, so wwpnaxokzne is not more excited than gvcdxsnyukq
tersiyrx thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than ukgepiud, so tersiyrx is more thoughtful than ukgepiud
utmx thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than yfoqrlm, so utmx is more thoughtful than yfoqrlm
qcqaengj thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than qzm, so qcqaengj is more thoughtful than qzm
oomny thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than isjkoft, so oomny is more thoughtful than isjkoft
ydtu thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than wcegtfscj, so ydtu is more thoughtful than wcegtfscj
tersiyrx thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than ukgepiud, so ukgepiud is less thoughtful than tersiyrx
utmx thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than yfoqrlm, so yfoqrlm is less thoughtful than utmx
qcqaengj thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than qzm, so qzm is less thoughtful than qcqaengj
oomny thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than isjkoft, so isjkoft is less thoughtful than oomny
ydtu thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than wcegtfscj, so wcegtfscj is less thoughtful than ydtu
non thinks another person wad imagining what another person was seeing more than afb, so non is not less thoughtful than afb
shrtwtfqd thinks another person wad imagining what another person was seeing more than kppkairjdn, so shrtwtfqd is not less thoughtful than kppkairjdn
haegceryph thinks another person wad imagining what another person was seeing more than guqfjwoc, so haegceryph is not less thoughtful than guqfjwoc
edrm thinks another person wad imagining what another person was seeing more than htqsfz, so edrm is not less thoughtful than htqsfz
nlxdoyjq thinks another person wad imagining what another person was seeing more than gsbj, so nlxdoyjq is not less thoughtful than gsbj
non thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than afb, so non is not more thoughtful than afb
shrtwtfqd thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than kppkairjdn, so shrtwtfqd is not more thoughtful than kppkairjdn
haegceryph thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than guqfjwoc, so haegceryph is not more thoughtful than guqfjwoc
edrm thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than htqsfz, so edrm is not more thoughtful than htqsfz
nlxdoyjq thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than gsbj, so nlxdoyjq is not more thoughtful than gsbj
ploxde is able to doubles check more than hqnejumbxl, so ploxde is more ensuring than hqnejumbxl
mtbjfozvc is able to doubles check more than zukqlyrbu, so mtbjfozvc is more ensuring than zukqlyrbu
ztfskerlykke is able to doubles check more than kkxgnkn, so ztfskerlykke is more ensuring than kkxgnkn
noq is able to doubles check more than kxaco, so noq is more ensuring than kxaco
hbhd is able to doubles check more than faxbgrcpagh, so hbhd is more ensuring than faxbgrcpagh
ploxde is able to doubles check more than hqnejumbxl, so hqnejumbxl is less ensuring than ploxde
mtbjfozvc is able to doubles check more than zukqlyrbu, so zukqlyrbu is less ensuring than mtbjfozvc
ztfskerlykke is able to doubles check more than kkxgnkn, so kkxgnkn is less ensuring than ztfskerlykke
noq is able to doubles check more than kxaco, so kxaco is less ensuring than noq
hbhd is able to doubles check more than faxbgrcpagh, so faxbgrcpagh is less ensuring than hbhd
jvulv is able to doubles check more than kjiehskfkigf, so jvulv is not less ensuring than kjiehskfkigf
wddpcoufubsw is able to doubles check more than ghebdkjgpsoe, so wddpcoufubsw is not less ensuring than ghebdkjgpsoe
yxeidnunhq is able to doubles check more than ogwqj, so yxeidnunhq is not less ensuring than ogwqj
kcnln is able to doubles check more than mdtfvsciedwu, so kcnln is not less ensuring than mdtfvsciedwu
eayyxgwbfam is able to doubles check more than qgxppxybrb, so eayyxgwbfam is not less ensuring than qgxppxybrb
kjiehskfkigf is not more likely to doubles check than jvulv, so jvulv is not less ensuring than kjiehskfkigf
ghebdkjgpsoe is not more likely to doubles check than wddpcoufubsw, so wddpcoufubsw is not less ensuring than ghebdkjgpsoe
ogwqj is not more likely to doubles check than yxeidnunhq, so yxeidnunhq is not less ensuring than ogwqj
mdtfvsciedwu is not more likely to doubles check than kcnln, so kcnln is not less ensuring than mdtfvsciedwu
qgxppxybrb is not more likely to doubles check than eayyxgwbfam, so eayyxgwbfam is not less ensuring than qgxppxybrb
ibxjfokqhvxm calls another person's insurance company more than bbkcxuvwg, so ibxjfokqhvxm is more pushy than bbkcxuvwg
fsgyk calls another person's insurance company more than lffwi, so fsgyk is more pushy than lffwi
qnlpifik calls another person's insurance company more than uhllrhu, so qnlpifik is more pushy than uhllrhu
jsmxkjwbsnlh calls another person's insurance company more than ufet, so jsmxkjwbsnlh is more pushy than ufet
omap calls another person's insurance company more than wgqowjmwr, so omap is more pushy than wgqowjmwr
ibxjfokqhvxm calls another person's insurance company more than bbkcxuvwg, so bbkcxuvwg is less pushy than ibxjfokqhvxm
fsgyk calls another person's insurance company more than lffwi, so lffwi is less pushy than fsgyk
qnlpifik calls another person's insurance company more than uhllrhu, so uhllrhu is less pushy than qnlpifik
jsmxkjwbsnlh calls another person's insurance company more than ufet, so ufet is less pushy than jsmxkjwbsnlh
omap calls another person's insurance company more than wgqowjmwr, so wgqowjmwr is less pushy than omap
mriqjjtl calls another person's insurance company more than lrsevpjxy, so mriqjjtl is not more pushy than lrsevpjxy
pmlofeke calls another person's insurance company more than idhaufmm, so pmlofeke is not more pushy than idhaufmm
lplndv calls another person's insurance company more than uoza, so lplndv is not more pushy than uoza
fchoner calls another person's insurance company more than whswdl, so fchoner is not more pushy than whswdl
warapfr calls another person's insurance company more than wtdk, so warapfr is not more pushy than wtdk
lrsevpjxy calls another person's insurance company more than mriqjjtl, so mriqjjtl is not more pushy than lrsevpjxy
idhaufmm calls another person's insurance company more than pmlofeke, so pmlofeke is not more pushy than idhaufmm
uoza calls another person's insurance company more than lplndv, so lplndv is not more pushy than uoza
whswdl calls another person's insurance company more than fchoner, so fchoner is not more pushy than whswdl
wtdk calls another person's insurance company more than warapfr, so warapfr is not more pushy than wtdk
vmkcdkv revolves around another person more than dhcvisdfkd, so vmkcdkv is more loving than dhcvisdfkd
pmbjneg revolves around another person more than tuzko, so pmbjneg is more loving than tuzko
akn revolves around another person more than phmbuc, so akn is more loving than phmbuc
fgwbvdvnqb revolves around another person more than kuq, so fgwbvdvnqb is more loving than kuq
ixsmnjgcznn revolves around another person more than tvfupr, so ixsmnjgcznn is more loving than tvfupr
vmkcdkv revolves around another person more than dhcvisdfkd, so dhcvisdfkd is less loving than vmkcdkv
pmbjneg revolves around another person more than tuzko, so tuzko is less loving than pmbjneg
akn revolves around another person more than phmbuc, so phmbuc is less loving than akn
fgwbvdvnqb revolves around another person more than kuq, so kuq is less loving than fgwbvdvnqb
ixsmnjgcznn revolves around another person more than tvfupr, so tvfupr is less loving than ixsmnjgcznn
lasy revolves around another person more than asnvlboqlb, so lasy is not less loving than asnvlboqlb
rkziualbg revolves around another person more than rsyffcwzlwb, so rkziualbg is not less loving than rsyffcwzlwb
spdkfatjwfc revolves around another person more than mqieoxshmfn, so spdkfatjwfc is not less loving than mqieoxshmfn
krhiwt revolves around another person more than avajour, so krhiwt is not less loving than avajour
qhiwy revolves around another person more than dhvubdwba, so qhiwy is not less loving than dhvubdwba
asnvlboqlb revolves around another person more than lasy, so lasy is not more loving than asnvlboqlb
rsyffcwzlwb revolves around another person more than rkziualbg, so rkziualbg is not more loving than rsyffcwzlwb
mqieoxshmfn revolves around another person more than spdkfatjwfc, so spdkfatjwfc is not more loving than mqieoxshmfn
avajour revolves around another person more than krhiwt, so krhiwt is not more loving than avajour
dhvubdwba revolves around another person more than qhiwy, so qhiwy is not more loving than dhvubdwba
dgsjvn meets the baby more than dokowknq, so dgsjvn is a more lover than dokowknq
ukrfnwuhigwz meets the baby more than vkczmbpkql, so ukrfnwuhigwz is a more lover than vkczmbpkql
eysifxiduh meets the baby more than plnkqlb, so eysifxiduh is a more lover than plnkqlb
rgjwm meets the baby more than rcwipihdhte, so rgjwm is a more lover than rcwipihdhte
iznzrmx meets the baby more than azkkkgvzykr, so iznzrmx is a more lover than azkkkgvzykr
dgsjvn meets the baby more than dokowknq, so dokowknq is a less lover than dgsjvn
ukrfnwuhigwz meets the baby more than vkczmbpkql, so vkczmbpkql is a less lover than ukrfnwuhigwz
eysifxiduh meets the baby more than plnkqlb, so plnkqlb is a less lover than eysifxiduh
rgjwm meets the baby more than rcwipihdhte, so rcwipihdhte is a less lover than rgjwm
iznzrmx meets the baby more than azkkkgvzykr, so azkkkgvzykr is a less lover than iznzrmx
cbhjf meets the baby more than adzatgx, so cbhjf is not less lover than adzatgx
odxkg meets the baby more than zcux, so odxkg is not less lover than zcux
ibcymdhor meets the baby more than gsocauunddnp, so ibcymdhor is not less lover than gsocauunddnp
wvqnmqsramxw meets the baby more than mvqaw, so wvqnmqsramxw is not less lover than mvqaw
whzooh meets the baby more than dtaou, so whzooh is not less lover than dtaou
adzatgx meets the baby more than cbhjf, so cbhjf is not more lover than adzatgx
zcux meets the baby more than odxkg, so odxkg is not more lover than zcux
gsocauunddnp meets the baby more than ibcymdhor, so ibcymdhor is not more lover than gsocauunddnp
mvqaw meets the baby more than wvqnmqsramxw, so wvqnmqsramxw is not more lover than mvqaw
dtaou meets the baby more than whzooh, so whzooh is not more lover than dtaou
jvxwhchvfhpj drops another person's laptop more than axzyqtgbxwbo, so jvxwhchvfhpj is more impatient than axzyqtgbxwbo
nmeoylyd drops another person's laptop more than yvesay, so nmeoylyd is more impatient than yvesay
uzhgcf drops another person's laptop more than kdsuwgrqq, so uzhgcf is more impatient than kdsuwgrqq
efurr drops another person's laptop more than tuby, so efurr is more impatient than tuby
kvchb drops another person's laptop more than oltsrcm, so kvchb is more impatient than oltsrcm
jvxwhchvfhpj drops another person's laptop more than axzyqtgbxwbo, so axzyqtgbxwbo is less impatient than jvxwhchvfhpj
nmeoylyd drops another person's laptop more than yvesay, so yvesay is less impatient than nmeoylyd
uzhgcf drops another person's laptop more than kdsuwgrqq, so kdsuwgrqq is less impatient than uzhgcf
efurr drops another person's laptop more than tuby, so tuby is less impatient than efurr
kvchb drops another person's laptop more than oltsrcm, so oltsrcm is less impatient than kvchb
ayeacmtym drops another person's laptop more than yknu, so ayeacmtym is not less impatient than yknu
atqk drops another person's laptop more than xmqsfehld, so atqk is not less impatient than xmqsfehld
nibw drops another person's laptop more than watjoq, so nibw is not less impatient than watjoq
wim drops another person's laptop more than thcnahxeka, so wim is not less impatient than thcnahxeka
utljgqkeaj drops another person's laptop more than nevglja, so utljgqkeaj is not less impatient than nevglja
yknu drops another person's laptop more than ayeacmtym, so ayeacmtym is not more impatient than yknu
xmqsfehld drops another person's laptop more than atqk, so atqk is not more impatient than xmqsfehld
watjoq drops another person's laptop more than nibw, so nibw is not more impatient than watjoq
thcnahxeka drops another person's laptop more than wim, so wim is not more impatient than thcnahxeka
nevglja drops another person's laptop more than utljgqkeaj, so utljgqkeaj is not more impatient than nevglja
pdxrqiwqkwl walks in their house more than bcytneglt, so pdxrqiwqkwl is more socialable than bcytneglt
uqieprlxfoab walks in their house more than tqfjkwntmt, so uqieprlxfoab is more socialable than tqfjkwntmt
yej walks in their house more than fqam, so yej is more socialable than fqam
kkqyxilkeik walks in their house more than nple, so kkqyxilkeik is more socialable than nple
klekn walks in their house more than madgm, so klekn is more socialable than madgm
pdxrqiwqkwl walks in their house more than bcytneglt, so bcytneglt is less socialable than pdxrqiwqkwl
uqieprlxfoab walks in their house more than tqfjkwntmt, so tqfjkwntmt is less socialable than uqieprlxfoab
yej walks in their house more than fqam, so fqam is less socialable than yej
kkqyxilkeik walks in their house more than nple, so nple is less socialable than kkqyxilkeik
klekn walks in their house more than madgm, so madgm is less socialable than klekn
uozjw walks in their house more than eqopijcqo, so uozjw is not less socialable than eqopijcqo
zuvealvaqfk walks in their house more than afl, so zuvealvaqfk is not less socialable than afl
bqmtun walks in their house more than wpcaa, so bqmtun is not less socialable than wpcaa
bxsgu walks in their house more than lqf, so bxsgu is not less socialable than lqf
wohcbbsyogi walks in their house more than ybmiaaffno, so wohcbbsyogi is not less socialable than ybmiaaffno
eqopijcqo walks in their house more than uozjw, so uozjw is not more socialable than eqopijcqo
afl walks in their house more than zuvealvaqfk, so zuvealvaqfk is not more socialable than afl
wpcaa walks in their house more than bqmtun, so bqmtun is not more socialable than wpcaa
lqf walks in their house more than bxsgu, so bxsgu is not more socialable than lqf
ybmiaaffno walks in their house more than wohcbbsyogi, so wohcbbsyogi is not more socialable than ybmiaaffno
aykryutfw gets a new bike, so aykryutfw is more elated than bsqqhnvykhho
sddizbpobxhd gets a new bike, so sddizbpobxhd is more elated than iadz
skint gets a new bike, so skint is more elated than iwry
tnuehhwlvb gets a new bike, so tnuehhwlvb is more elated than uok
pgalfsvuej gets a new bike, so pgalfsvuej is more elated than xlzxrmbpwwkb
aykryutfw gets a new bike, bsqqhnvykhho does not, so bsqqhnvykhho is less elated than aykryutfw
sddizbpobxhd gets a new bike, iadz does not, so iadz is less elated than sddizbpobxhd
skint gets a new bike, iwry does not, so iwry is less elated than skint
tnuehhwlvb gets a new bike, uok does not, so uok is less elated than tnuehhwlvb
pgalfsvuej gets a new bike, xlzxrmbpwwkb does not, so xlzxrmbpwwkb is less elated than pgalfsvuej
ljuddufums gets a new bike more than wpcua, so ljuddufums is not less elated than wpcua
qvzwja gets a new bike more than kkfyocsbleht, so qvzwja is not less elated than kkfyocsbleht
ovddyfvglpvy gets a new bike more than fhhsn, so ovddyfvglpvy is not less elated than fhhsn
lkrndzedo gets a new bike more than pgyryubjog, so lkrndzedo is not less elated than pgyryubjog
kyaqj gets a new bike more than sict, so kyaqj is not less elated than sict
wpcua gets a new bike more than ljuddufums, so ljuddufums is not more elated than wpcua
kkfyocsbleht gets a new bike more than qvzwja, so qvzwja is not more elated than kkfyocsbleht
fhhsn gets a new bike more than ovddyfvglpvy, so ovddyfvglpvy is not more elated than fhhsn
pgyryubjog gets a new bike more than lkrndzedo, so lkrndzedo is not more elated than pgyryubjog
sict gets a new bike more than kyaqj, so kyaqj is not more elated than sict
prgmbbfij gets a bike, lonvlpfkrea does not, so prgmbbfij is more ambitious than lonvlpfkrea
uthqq gets a bike, mjfayojke does not, so uthqq is more ambitious than mjfayojke
dmzd gets a bike, bqfzcfulyb does not, so dmzd is more ambitious than bqfzcfulyb
qsdpdbkezk gets a bike, kef does not, so qsdpdbkezk is more ambitious than kef
qporom gets a bike, pgqe does not, so qporom is more ambitious than pgqe
prgmbbfij gets a bike, lonvlpfkrea does not, so lonvlpfkrea is less ambitious than prgmbbfij
uthqq gets a bike, mjfayojke does not, so mjfayojke is less ambitious than uthqq
dmzd gets a bike, bqfzcfulyb does not, so bqfzcfulyb is less ambitious than dmzd
qsdpdbkezk gets a bike, kef does not, so kef is less ambitious than qsdpdbkezk
qporom gets a bike, pgqe does not, so pgqe is less ambitious than qporom
mevmb gets a bike more than ywbw, so mevmb is not less ambitious than ywbw
jtbesqvq gets a bike more than vfn, so jtbesqvq is not less ambitious than vfn
kiskaveuh gets a bike more than uzurdbepdcej, so kiskaveuh is not less ambitious than uzurdbepdcej
mpt gets a bike more than zqs, so mpt is not less ambitious than zqs
yimsi gets a bike more than doqlbqmqooz, so yimsi is not less ambitious than doqlbqmqooz
ywbw gets a bike more than mevmb, so mevmb is not more ambitious than ywbw
vfn gets a bike more than jtbesqvq, so jtbesqvq is not more ambitious than vfn
uzurdbepdcej gets a bike more than kiskaveuh, so kiskaveuh is not more ambitious than uzurdbepdcej
zqs gets a bike more than mpt, so mpt is not more ambitious than zqs
doqlbqmqooz gets a bike more than yimsi, so yimsi is not more ambitious than doqlbqmqooz
hjpkisvkusfm does n't fit anymore than pcprhjuweyjk, so hjpkisvkusfm is more aged than pcprhjuweyjk
swnuxxukitcb does n't fit anymore than qwpdxtzh, so swnuxxukitcb is more aged than qwpdxtzh
wares does n't fit anymore than gyqleotizfi, so wares is more aged than gyqleotizfi
pnjzpt does n't fit anymore than cjy, so pnjzpt is more aged than cjy
fxvkgol does n't fit anymore than sus, so fxvkgol is more aged than sus
hjpkisvkusfm does n't fit anymore than pcprhjuweyjk, so pcprhjuweyjk is less aged than hjpkisvkusfm
swnuxxukitcb does n't fit anymore than qwpdxtzh, so qwpdxtzh is less aged than swnuxxukitcb
wares does n't fit anymore than gyqleotizfi, so gyqleotizfi is less aged than wares
pnjzpt does n't fit anymore than cjy, so cjy is less aged than pnjzpt
fxvkgol does n't fit anymore than sus, so sus is less aged than fxvkgol
gdt does n't fit anymore than zrsibaplnkzn, so gdt is not less aged than zrsibaplnkzn
gqxdfkcdzez does n't fit anymore than qbqppqgkt, so gqxdfkcdzez is not less aged than qbqppqgkt
edattp does n't fit anymore than purpwbtdklfx, so edattp is not less aged than purpwbtdklfx
wufcw does n't fit anymore than exgtxroezl, so wufcw is not less aged than exgtxroezl
zcnkm does n't fit anymore than rgrvudupogac, so zcnkm is not less aged than rgrvudupogac
zrsibaplnkzn does n't fit anymore than gdt, so gdt is not more aged than zrsibaplnkzn
qbqppqgkt does n't fit anymore than gqxdfkcdzez, so gqxdfkcdzez is not more aged than qbqppqgkt
purpwbtdklfx does n't fit anymore than edattp, so edattp is not more aged than purpwbtdklfx
exgtxroezl does n't fit anymore than wufcw, so wufcw is not more aged than exgtxroezl
rgrvudupogac does n't fit anymore than zcnkm, so zcnkm is not more aged than rgrvudupogac
pcthnzjylw loves another person's job more than czoul, so pcthnzjylw is less loyal than czoul
drdvuszwz loves another person's job more than ivncynj, so drdvuszwz is less loyal than ivncynj
dtglc loves another person's job more than iyis, so dtglc is less loyal than iyis
pfhkfrd loves another person's job more than bcvfnqjarem, so pfhkfrd is less loyal than bcvfnqjarem
oefqt loves another person's job more than suxzpsavnus, so oefqt is less loyal than suxzpsavnus
pcthnzjylw loves another person's job more than czoul, so czoul is less loyal than pcthnzjylw
drdvuszwz loves another person's job more than ivncynj, so ivncynj is less loyal than drdvuszwz
dtglc loves another person's job more than iyis, so iyis is less loyal than dtglc
pfhkfrd loves another person's job more than bcvfnqjarem, so bcvfnqjarem is less loyal than pfhkfrd
oefqt loves another person's job more than suxzpsavnus, so suxzpsavnus is less loyal than oefqt
mlbx loves another person's job more than zkqfkdzjtii, so mlbx is not less loyal than zkqfkdzjtii
ooksqinopp loves another person's job more than uhvtnaht, so ooksqinopp is not less loyal than uhvtnaht
nezgsgxocz loves another person's job more than hgn, so nezgsgxocz is not less loyal than hgn
gtvijp loves another person's job more than srwqieqhtda, so gtvijp is not less loyal than srwqieqhtda
ofebo loves another person's job more than esxprubi, so ofebo is not less loyal than esxprubi
zkqfkdzjtii loves another person's job more than mlbx, so mlbx is not more loyal than zkqfkdzjtii
uhvtnaht loves another person's job more than ooksqinopp, so ooksqinopp is not more loyal than uhvtnaht
hgn loves another person's job more than nezgsgxocz, so nezgsgxocz is not more loyal than hgn
srwqieqhtda loves another person's job more than gtvijp, so gtvijp is not more loyal than srwqieqhtda
esxprubi loves another person's job more than ofebo, so ofebo is not more loyal than esxprubi
yayqkyk takes the kite more than sypmlldolpaq, so yayqkyk is more childlike than sypmlldolpaq
khzawohk takes the kite more than icelvasvv, so khzawohk is more childlike than icelvasvv
hpc takes the kite more than ivbt, so hpc is more childlike than ivbt
hin takes the kite more than jnzoiqzvrkl, so hin is more childlike than jnzoiqzvrkl
jny takes the kite more than xbjvetfzsr, so jny is more childlike than xbjvetfzsr
yayqkyk takes the kite more than sypmlldolpaq, so sypmlldolpaq is less childlike than yayqkyk
khzawohk takes the kite more than icelvasvv, so icelvasvv is less childlike than khzawohk
hpc takes the kite more than ivbt, so ivbt is less childlike than hpc
hin takes the kite more than jnzoiqzvrkl, so jnzoiqzvrkl is less childlike than hin
jny takes the kite more than xbjvetfzsr, so xbjvetfzsr is less childlike than jny
zwiibaqi takes the kite more than trbqivkfj, so zwiibaqi is not less childlike than trbqivkfj
shtwo takes the kite more than jnovdbjvop, so shtwo is not less childlike than jnovdbjvop
faigjaiu takes the kite more than fkaq, so faigjaiu is not less childlike than fkaq
efiqvoxbowl takes the kite more than eqwo, so efiqvoxbowl is not less childlike than eqwo
kzzmtmff takes the kite more than hcfc, so kzzmtmff is not less childlike than hcfc
trbqivkfj takes the kite more than zwiibaqi, so zwiibaqi is not more childlike than trbqivkfj
jnovdbjvop takes the kite more than shtwo, so shtwo is not more childlike than jnovdbjvop
fkaq takes the kite more than faigjaiu, so faigjaiu is not more childlike than fkaq
eqwo takes the kite more than efiqvoxbowl, so efiqvoxbowl is not more childlike than eqwo
hcfc takes the kite more than kzzmtmff, so kzzmtmff is not more childlike than hcfc
rdecqxdzut hides their face in their hands more than nkzroeqrxvvo, so rdecqxdzut is more ashamed than nkzroeqrxvvo
gqysfp hides their face in their hands more than ndqcm, so gqysfp is more ashamed than ndqcm
qvyechrdfkr hides their face in their hands more than uvoxzohsotam, so qvyechrdfkr is more ashamed than uvoxzohsotam
jtxhtiuwhjzr hides their face in their hands more than qtljedah, so jtxhtiuwhjzr is more ashamed than qtljedah
kntom hides their face in their hands more than hodkjox, so kntom is more ashamed than hodkjox
rdecqxdzut hides their face in their hands more than nkzroeqrxvvo, so nkzroeqrxvvo is less ashamed than rdecqxdzut
gqysfp hides their face in their hands more than ndqcm, so ndqcm is less ashamed than gqysfp
qvyechrdfkr hides their face in their hands more than uvoxzohsotam, so uvoxzohsotam is less ashamed than qvyechrdfkr
jtxhtiuwhjzr hides their face in their hands more than qtljedah, so qtljedah is less ashamed than jtxhtiuwhjzr
kntom hides their face in their hands more than hodkjox, so hodkjox is less ashamed than kntom
cmn hides their face in their hands more than xga, so cmn is not less ashamed than xga
cdmurbqahbv hides their face in their hands more than lwvctihmiwmo, so cdmurbqahbv is not less ashamed than lwvctihmiwmo
qhe hides their face in their hands more than egrzxzcabbom, so qhe is not less ashamed than egrzxzcabbom
cqveglb hides their face in their hands more than qpxjypsixb, so cqveglb is not less ashamed than qpxjypsixb
ltdkhdtgwity hides their face in their hands more than hnflhp, so ltdkhdtgwity is not less ashamed than hnflhp
xga hides their face in their hands more than cmn, so cmn is not more ashamed than xga
lwvctihmiwmo hides their face in their hands more than cdmurbqahbv, so cdmurbqahbv is not more ashamed than lwvctihmiwmo
egrzxzcabbom hides their face in their hands more than qhe, so qhe is not more ashamed than egrzxzcabbom
qpxjypsixb hides their face in their hands more than cqveglb, so cqveglb is not more ashamed than qpxjypsixb
hnflhp hides their face in their hands more than ltdkhdtgwity, so ltdkhdtgwity is not more ashamed than hnflhp
jat makes decisions on the basis more than fdfxxzsgyjo, so jat is more logical than fdfxxzsgyjo
gfsvserdb makes decisions on the basis more than eqzzfiav, so gfsvserdb is more logical than eqzzfiav
etijucoiopak makes decisions on the basis more than ewz, so etijucoiopak is more logical than ewz
kqclujaq makes decisions on the basis more than jcwrmgw, so kqclujaq is more logical than jcwrmgw
uwfqvmiznjuk makes decisions on the basis more than dfsymm, so uwfqvmiznjuk is more logical than dfsymm
jat makes decisions on the basis more than fdfxxzsgyjo, so fdfxxzsgyjo is less logical than jat
gfsvserdb makes decisions on the basis more than eqzzfiav, so eqzzfiav is less logical than gfsvserdb
etijucoiopak makes decisions on the basis more than ewz, so ewz is less logical than etijucoiopak
kqclujaq makes decisions on the basis more than jcwrmgw, so jcwrmgw is less logical than kqclujaq
uwfqvmiznjuk makes decisions on the basis more than dfsymm, so dfsymm is less logical than uwfqvmiznjuk
jgpmazp makes decisions on the basis more than isglhtozoa, so jgpmazp is not less logical than isglhtozoa
lhxqrkgnly makes decisions on the basis more than jiudf, so lhxqrkgnly is not less logical than jiudf
uausuygaudak makes decisions on the basis more than lcex, so uausuygaudak is not less logical than lcex
yvgms makes decisions on the basis more than aootqkndau, so yvgms is not less logical than aootqkndau
vvfanj makes decisions on the basis more than ipzviui, so vvfanj is not less logical than ipzviui
isglhtozoa makes decisions on the basis more than jgpmazp, so jgpmazp is not more logical than isglhtozoa
jiudf makes decisions on the basis more than lhxqrkgnly, so lhxqrkgnly is not more logical than jiudf
lcex makes decisions on the basis more than uausuygaudak, so uausuygaudak is not more logical than lcex
aootqkndau makes decisions on the basis more than yvgms, so yvgms is not more logical than aootqkndau
ipzviui makes decisions on the basis more than vvfanj, so vvfanj is not more logical than ipzviui
qyr goes to the dogs more than tnrozlx, so qyr is a more pet lover than tnrozlx
matnzpoivkor goes to the dogs more than ywikaj, so matnzpoivkor is a more pet lover than ywikaj
nspfv goes to the dogs more than acmo, so nspfv is a more pet lover than acmo
jplbqqykqa goes to the dogs more than inv, so jplbqqykqa is a more pet lover than inv
vzitfifdvg goes to the dogs more than uabkbtzixzh, so vzitfifdvg is a more pet lover than uabkbtzixzh
qyr goes to the dogs more than tnrozlx, so tnrozlx is a less pet lover than qyr
matnzpoivkor goes to the dogs more than ywikaj, so ywikaj is a less pet lover than matnzpoivkor
nspfv goes to the dogs more than acmo, so acmo is a less pet lover than nspfv
jplbqqykqa goes to the dogs more than inv, so inv is a less pet lover than jplbqqykqa
vzitfifdvg goes to the dogs more than uabkbtzixzh, so uabkbtzixzh is a less pet lover than vzitfifdvg
hmbrhslcjyo goes to the dogs more than lzuiozdyb, so hmbrhslcjyo is not less pet lover than lzuiozdyb
wyunthbz goes to the dogs more than eitweee, so wyunthbz is not less pet lover than eitweee
iyyvk goes to the dogs more than ybxetz, so iyyvk is not less pet lover than ybxetz
dammigew goes to the dogs more than zfchmxl, so dammigew is not less pet lover than zfchmxl
qymx goes to the dogs more than elgijxae, so qymx is not less pet lover than elgijxae
lzuiozdyb goes to the dogs more than hmbrhslcjyo, so hmbrhslcjyo is not more pet lover than lzuiozdyb
eitweee goes to the dogs more than wyunthbz, so wyunthbz is not more pet lover than eitweee
ybxetz goes to the dogs more than iyyvk, so iyyvk is not more pet lover than ybxetz
zfchmxl goes to the dogs more than dammigew, so dammigew is not more pet lover than zfchmxl
elgijxae goes to the dogs more than qymx, so qymx is not more pet lover than elgijxae
mfvcicbumezw would fail more than kdxypiip, so mfvcicbumezw is more inadequate than kdxypiip
afcogzz would fail more than dlh, so afcogzz is more inadequate than dlh
wmtbxun would fail more than icvrdresjdkb, so wmtbxun is more inadequate than icvrdresjdkb
wixwfc would fail more than izs, so wixwfc is more inadequate than izs
dhcx would fail more than tsfuqy, so dhcx is more inadequate than tsfuqy
mfvcicbumezw would fail more than kdxypiip, so kdxypiip is less inadequate than mfvcicbumezw
afcogzz would fail more than dlh, so dlh is less inadequate than afcogzz
wmtbxun would fail more than icvrdresjdkb, so icvrdresjdkb is less inadequate than wmtbxun
wixwfc would fail more than izs, so izs is less inadequate than wixwfc
dhcx would fail more than tsfuqy, so tsfuqy is less inadequate than dhcx
cllgegwxgh would fail more than uvydsdj, so cllgegwxgh is not less inadequate than uvydsdj
rcikbhcsgkuo would fail more than ietegyfzqet, so rcikbhcsgkuo is not less inadequate than ietegyfzqet
nllere would fail more than levayvin, so nllere is not less inadequate than levayvin
srmvjtza would fail more than qtwjoedssxm, so srmvjtza is not less inadequate than qtwjoedssxm
opyc would fail more than yvxkurc, so opyc is not less inadequate than yvxkurc
uvydsdj would fail more than cllgegwxgh, so cllgegwxgh is not more inadequate than uvydsdj
ietegyfzqet would fail more than rcikbhcsgkuo, so rcikbhcsgkuo is not more inadequate than ietegyfzqet
levayvin would fail more than nllere, so nllere is not more inadequate than levayvin
qtwjoedssxm would fail more than srmvjtza, so srmvjtza is not more inadequate than qtwjoedssxm
yvxkurc would fail more than opyc, so opyc is not more inadequate than yvxkurc
lgeenfpnyrvp sees another person better than widrugcel, so lgeenfpnyrvp is more loving than widrugcel
wnq sees another person better than maa, so wnq is more loving than maa
tpm sees another person better than buucup, so tpm is more loving than buucup
ruajuoxygtbm sees another person better than oizjtdbkfhay, so ruajuoxygtbm is more loving than oizjtdbkfhay
fgintquuqddz sees another person better than shfdn, so fgintquuqddz is more loving than shfdn
lgeenfpnyrvp sees another person better than widrugcel, so widrugcel is less loving than lgeenfpnyrvp
wnq sees another person better than maa, so maa is less loving than wnq
tpm sees another person better than buucup, so buucup is less loving than tpm
ruajuoxygtbm sees another person better than oizjtdbkfhay, so oizjtdbkfhay is less loving than ruajuoxygtbm
fgintquuqddz sees another person better than shfdn, so shfdn is less loving than fgintquuqddz
bahrwu sees another person better than mjjszpjzehye, so bahrwu is not less loving than mjjszpjzehye
jzimeqdwsbwz sees another person better than ljgaeelmksyy, so jzimeqdwsbwz is not less loving than ljgaeelmksyy
qwr sees another person better than scez, so qwr is not less loving than scez
mbvbfosgy sees another person better than val, so mbvbfosgy is not less loving than val
ebnczbbqrhzq sees another person better than mrgfdnurwbp, so ebnczbbqrhzq is not less loving than mrgfdnurwbp
mjjszpjzehye sees another person better than bahrwu, so bahrwu is not more loving than mjjszpjzehye
ljgaeelmksyy sees another person better than jzimeqdwsbwz, so jzimeqdwsbwz is not more loving than ljgaeelmksyy
scez sees another person better than qwr, so qwr is not more loving than scez
val sees another person better than mbvbfosgy, so mbvbfosgy is not more loving than val
mrgfdnurwbp sees another person better than ebnczbbqrhzq, so ebnczbbqrhzq is not more loving than mrgfdnurwbp
cgodayasez manages their affairs more than ysoyidjo, so cgodayasez is more bright than ysoyidjo
pylrud manages their affairs more than irje, so pylrud is more bright than irje
kzdu manages their affairs more than xvjmpezdco, so kzdu is more bright than xvjmpezdco
dicm manages their affairs more than fizmqwdf, so dicm is more bright than fizmqwdf
uvgote manages their affairs more than jkydleqwoc, so uvgote is more bright than jkydleqwoc
cgodayasez manages their affairs more than ysoyidjo, so ysoyidjo is less bright than cgodayasez
pylrud manages their affairs more than irje, so irje is less bright than pylrud
kzdu manages their affairs more than xvjmpezdco, so xvjmpezdco is less bright than kzdu
dicm manages their affairs more than fizmqwdf, so fizmqwdf is less bright than dicm
uvgote manages their affairs more than jkydleqwoc, so jkydleqwoc is less bright than uvgote
vjoznc manages their affairs more than zjid, so vjoznc is not less bright than zjid
mtjhuqptxlum manages their affairs more than bmjcxppqfhvs, so mtjhuqptxlum is not less bright than bmjcxppqfhvs
hjjvmcjvjxna manages their affairs more than ohapebc, so hjjvmcjvjxna is not less bright than ohapebc
vxubyh manages their affairs more than cbyuhzyiks, so vxubyh is not less bright than cbyuhzyiks
xbxryxjnbbg manages their affairs more than npw, so xbxryxjnbbg is not less bright than npw
zjid manages their affairs more than vjoznc, so vjoznc is not more bright than zjid
bmjcxppqfhvs manages their affairs more than mtjhuqptxlum, so mtjhuqptxlum is not more bright than bmjcxppqfhvs
ohapebc manages their affairs more than hjjvmcjvjxna, so hjjvmcjvjxna is not more bright than ohapebc
cbyuhzyiks manages their affairs more than vxubyh, so vxubyh is not more bright than cbyuhzyiks
npw manages their affairs more than xbxryxjnbbg, so xbxryxjnbbg is not more bright than npw
vrzgxklaxc has never noticed ulur, so vrzgxklaxc is more oblivious than ulur
lal has never noticed jjgvuyocfyy, so lal is more oblivious than jjgvuyocfyy
phelloenc has never noticed pvpie, so phelloenc is more oblivious than pvpie
nrmapod has never noticed qdmnvz, so nrmapod is more oblivious than qdmnvz
sxf has never noticed ntlbtz, so sxf is more oblivious than ntlbtz
vrzgxklaxc has been noticed more than ulur, so ulur is less oblivious than vrzgxklaxc
lal has been noticed more than jjgvuyocfyy, so jjgvuyocfyy is less oblivious than lal
phelloenc has been noticed more than pvpie, so pvpie is less oblivious than phelloenc
nrmapod has been noticed more than qdmnvz, so qdmnvz is less oblivious than nrmapod
sxf has been noticed more than ntlbtz, so ntlbtz is less oblivious than sxf
mzudvwyazsmh has been noticed more than gytyiipr, so mzudvwyazsmh is not more oblivious than gytyiipr
gsnrzi has been noticed more than ixqrt, so gsnrzi is not more oblivious than ixqrt
fdivqnlnjgq has been noticed more than dlmx, so fdivqnlnjgq is not more oblivious than dlmx
bimt has been noticed more than mxf, so bimt is not more oblivious than mxf
lmzgrktav has been noticed more than yuywag, so lmzgrktav is not more oblivious than yuywag
gytyiipr has never noticed mzudvwyazsmh, so mzudvwyazsmh is not more oblivious than gytyiipr
ixqrt has never noticed gsnrzi, so gsnrzi is not more oblivious than ixqrt
dlmx has never noticed fdivqnlnjgq, so fdivqnlnjgq is not more oblivious than dlmx
mxf has never noticed bimt, so bimt is not more oblivious than mxf
yuywag has never noticed lmzgrktav, so lmzgrktav is not more oblivious than yuywag
fyehhzjcieo watches the olympics more than moh, so fyehhzjcieo is more observant than moh
qnwedpvpfvlf watches the olympics more than lhzvlvv, so qnwedpvpfvlf is more observant than lhzvlvv
gchne watches the olympics more than ceawyz, so gchne is more observant than ceawyz
uejaaqhfxffh watches the olympics more than hqhnjutkcwp, so uejaaqhfxffh is more observant than hqhnjutkcwp
kslmyyvi watches the olympics more than xanbdlwiksp, so kslmyyvi is more observant than xanbdlwiksp
fyehhzjcieo watches the olympics more than moh, so moh is less observant than fyehhzjcieo
qnwedpvpfvlf watches the olympics more than lhzvlvv, so lhzvlvv is less observant than qnwedpvpfvlf
gchne watches the olympics more than ceawyz, so ceawyz is less observant than gchne
uejaaqhfxffh watches the olympics more than hqhnjutkcwp, so hqhnjutkcwp is less observant than uejaaqhfxffh
kslmyyvi watches the olympics more than xanbdlwiksp, so xanbdlwiksp is less observant than kslmyyvi
oxlvkig watches the olympics more than aclhgeg, so oxlvkig is not more observant than aclhgeg
lupbwlo watches the olympics more than aoudd, so lupbwlo is not more observant than aoudd
aopug watches the olympics more than heix, so aopug is not more observant than heix
vocdwgy watches the olympics more than rozgcynlx, so vocdwgy is not more observant than rozgcynlx
natknrvpoowv watches the olympics more than adhmugzkwoa, so natknrvpoowv is not more observant than adhmugzkwoa
aclhgeg watches the olympics more than oxlvkig, so oxlvkig is not more observant than aclhgeg
aoudd watches the olympics more than lupbwlo, so lupbwlo is not more observant than aoudd
heix watches the olympics more than aopug, so aopug is not more observant than heix
rozgcynlx watches the olympics more than vocdwgy, so vocdwgy is not more observant than rozgcynlx
adhmugzkwoa watches the olympics more than natknrvpoowv, so natknrvpoowv is not more observant than adhmugzkwoa
wpfijjokjm learns a lesson more than jajwwf, so wpfijjokjm is more enlightened than jajwwf
nottjlutvz learns a lesson more than pckr, so nottjlutvz is more enlightened than pckr
nxcdxchzs learns a lesson more than ujrfio, so nxcdxchzs is more enlightened than ujrfio
mpgrdqspcxy learns a lesson more than qyykqwnlof, so mpgrdqspcxy is more enlightened than qyykqwnlof
bmftosgeh learns a lesson more than tmeyur, so bmftosgeh is more enlightened than tmeyur
wpfijjokjm learns a lesson more than jajwwf, so jajwwf is less enlightened than wpfijjokjm
nottjlutvz learns a lesson more than pckr, so pckr is less enlightened than nottjlutvz
nxcdxchzs learns a lesson more than ujrfio, so ujrfio is less enlightened than nxcdxchzs
mpgrdqspcxy learns a lesson more than qyykqwnlof, so qyykqwnlof is less enlightened than mpgrdqspcxy
bmftosgeh learns a lesson more than tmeyur, so tmeyur is less enlightened than bmftosgeh
apmoi learns a lesson more than wxftiuao, so apmoi is not less enlightened than wxftiuao
frrowtgddgt learns a lesson more than zjah, so frrowtgddgt is not less enlightened than zjah
pyjbme learns a lesson more than kddst, so pyjbme is not less enlightened than kddst
vxogq learns a lesson more than ywhavomh, so vxogq is not less enlightened than ywhavomh
mpgtrzud learns a lesson more than gkz, so mpgtrzud is not less enlightened than gkz
wxftiuao learns a lesson more than apmoi, so apmoi is not more enlightened than wxftiuao
zjah learns a lesson more than frrowtgddgt, so frrowtgddgt is not more enlightened than zjah
kddst learns a lesson more than pyjbme, so pyjbme is not more enlightened than kddst
ywhavomh learns a lesson more than vxogq, so vxogq is not more enlightened than ywhavomh
gkz learns a lesson more than mpgtrzud, so mpgtrzud is not more enlightened than gkz
qdlhlgffrvw brings tears to my eyes more than pde, so qdlhlgffrvw is more happy than pde
awdrljfwnodr brings tears to my eyes more than wfe, so awdrljfwnodr is more happy than wfe
xkkj brings tears to my eyes more than xkrfvivyxvyk, so xkkj is more happy than xkrfvivyxvyk
rrx brings tears to my eyes more than xvtfjdnptuq, so rrx is more happy than xvtfjdnptuq
micpd brings tears to my eyes more than smhnxw, so micpd is more happy than smhnxw
qdlhlgffrvw brings tears to my eyes more than pde, so pde is more happy than qdlhlgffrvw
awdrljfwnodr brings tears to my eyes more than wfe, so wfe is more happy than awdrljfwnodr
xkkj brings tears to my eyes more than xkrfvivyxvyk, so xkrfvivyxvyk is more happy than xkkj
rrx brings tears to my eyes more than xvtfjdnptuq, so xvtfjdnptuq is more happy than rrx
micpd brings tears to my eyes more than smhnxw, so smhnxw is more happy than micpd
knfiieyewi brings tears to my eyes more than jnbkb, so knfiieyewi is not less happy than jnbkb
ccrflqnpoad brings tears to my eyes more than cijq, so ccrflqnpoad is not less happy than cijq
siaov brings tears to my eyes more than yvsxgzxv, so siaov is not less happy than yvsxgzxv
fmlogcpdyecf brings tears to my eyes more than fsxpffoj, so fmlogcpdyecf is not less happy than fsxpffoj
pxr brings tears to my eyes more than slfgh, so pxr is not less happy than slfgh
jnbkb brings tears to my eyes more than knfiieyewi, so knfiieyewi is not more happy than jnbkb
cijq brings tears to my eyes more than ccrflqnpoad, so ccrflqnpoad is not more happy than cijq
yvsxgzxv brings tears to my eyes more than siaov, so siaov is not more happy than yvsxgzxv
fsxpffoj brings tears to my eyes more than fmlogcpdyecf, so fmlogcpdyecf is not more happy than fsxpffoj
slfgh brings tears to my eyes more than pxr, so pxr is not more happy than slfgh
wmriggttv is so excited another person could n't sleep more than ltrww, so wmriggttv is more entusiatic than ltrww
ztianrjhu is so excited another person could n't sleep more than rgib, so ztianrjhu is more entusiatic than rgib
skulgfcrztsb is so excited another person could n't sleep more than srjwlzhfxr, so skulgfcrztsb is more entusiatic than srjwlzhfxr
xwovyvhw is so excited another person could n't sleep more than oqeu, so xwovyvhw is more entusiatic than oqeu
rwvyvwkl is so excited another person could n't sleep more than axjddzmo, so rwvyvwkl is more entusiatic than axjddzmo
wmriggttv is so excited another person could n't sleep, so ltrww is less entusiatic than wmriggttv
ztianrjhu is so excited another person could n't sleep, so rgib is less entusiatic than ztianrjhu
skulgfcrztsb is so excited another person could n't sleep, so srjwlzhfxr is less entusiatic than skulgfcrztsb
xwovyvhw is so excited another person could n't sleep, so oqeu is less entusiatic than xwovyvhw
rwvyvwkl is so excited another person could n't sleep, so axjddzmo is less entusiatic than rwvyvwkl
dbns is so excited another person could n't sleep more than wiirtzqrpbtz, so dbns is not less entusiatic than wiirtzqrpbtz
pzcidqzxz is so excited another person could n't sleep more than jhvmdyapfact, so pzcidqzxz is not less entusiatic than jhvmdyapfact
ohno is so excited another person could n't sleep more than fwequec, so ohno is not less entusiatic than fwequec
qwerqmqqxgh is so excited another person could n't sleep more than zcp, so qwerqmqqxgh is not less entusiatic than zcp
ahktzlnryidg is so excited another person could n't sleep more than ryzbkvwhyq, so ahktzlnryidg is not less entusiatic than ryzbkvwhyq
wiirtzqrpbtz is so excited another person could n't sleep, so dbns is not more entusiatic than wiirtzqrpbtz
jhvmdyapfact is so excited another person could n't sleep, so pzcidqzxz is not more entusiatic than jhvmdyapfact
fwequec is so excited another person could n't sleep, so ohno is not more entusiatic than fwequec
zcp is so excited another person could n't sleep, so qwerqmqqxgh is not more entusiatic than zcp
ryzbkvwhyq is so excited another person could n't sleep, so ahktzlnryidg is not more entusiatic than ryzbkvwhyq
ubiim leaves in a huff more than onwz, so ubiim is more flustered than onwz
enxxzx leaves in a huff more than gxsigw, so enxxzx is more flustered than gxsigw
ezczsktafk leaves in a huff more than rfi, so ezczsktafk is more flustered than rfi
jrtel leaves in a huff more than qsaezxa, so jrtel is more flustered than qsaezxa
umpoye leaves in a huff more than ipatzrf, so umpoye is more flustered than ipatzrf
ubiim leaves in a huff while onwz does not, so onwz is less flustered than ubiim
enxxzx leaves in a huff while gxsigw does not, so gxsigw is less flustered than enxxzx
ezczsktafk leaves in a huff while rfi does not, so rfi is less flustered than ezczsktafk
jrtel leaves in a huff while qsaezxa does not, so qsaezxa is less flustered than jrtel
umpoye leaves in a huff while ipatzrf does not, so ipatzrf is less flustered than umpoye
qudldutlby leaves in a huff more than pshq, so qudldutlby is not less flustered than pshq
omp leaves in a huff more than dhzgqvr, so omp is not less flustered than dhzgqvr
cqlyec leaves in a huff more than oznslpzzgmw, so cqlyec is not less flustered than oznslpzzgmw
wagtpvycox leaves in a huff more than rmqotocw, so wagtpvycox is not less flustered than rmqotocw
upqcjdnlcl leaves in a huff more than nyyel, so upqcjdnlcl is not less flustered than nyyel
pshq leaves in a huff, so qudldutlby is not more flustered than pshq
dhzgqvr leaves in a huff, so omp is not more flustered than dhzgqvr
oznslpzzgmw leaves in a huff, so cqlyec is not more flustered than oznslpzzgmw
rmqotocw leaves in a huff, so wagtpvycox is not more flustered than rmqotocw
nyyel leaves in a huff, so upqcjdnlcl is not more flustered than nyyel
yijkkafol knocks at another person's door more than kxnb, so yijkkafol is more anticipatory than kxnb
xnxb knocks at another person's door more than tistcpz, so xnxb is more anticipatory than tistcpz
flg knocks at another person's door more than cugproqrc, so flg is more anticipatory than cugproqrc
jhwtprnyrdug knocks at another person's door more than mncgn, so jhwtprnyrdug is more anticipatory than mncgn
fkmqjqmefrgc knocks at another person's door more than epclgmxoyu, so fkmqjqmefrgc is more anticipatory than epclgmxoyu
yijkkafol knocks at another person's door more than kxnb, so kxnb is less anticipatory than yijkkafol
xnxb knocks at another person's door more than tistcpz, so tistcpz is less anticipatory than xnxb
flg knocks at another person's door more than cugproqrc, so cugproqrc is less anticipatory than flg
jhwtprnyrdug knocks at another person's door more than mncgn, so mncgn is less anticipatory than jhwtprnyrdug
fkmqjqmefrgc knocks at another person's door more than epclgmxoyu, so epclgmxoyu is less anticipatory than fkmqjqmefrgc
jrnv knocks at another person's door more than xvv, so jrnv is not less anticipatory than xvv
stunlrngxk knocks at another person's door more than xfuxwfmyxjlp, so stunlrngxk is not less anticipatory than xfuxwfmyxjlp
ililsxbjc knocks at another person's door more than yxhaszvxp, so ililsxbjc is not less anticipatory than yxhaszvxp
dcykohcsn knocks at another person's door more than jmvdizleaqow, so dcykohcsn is not less anticipatory than jmvdizleaqow
rneze knocks at another person's door more than zsg, so rneze is not less anticipatory than zsg
xvv knocks at another person's door more than jrnv, so jrnv is not more anticipatory than xvv
xfuxwfmyxjlp knocks at another person's door more than stunlrngxk, so stunlrngxk is not more anticipatory than xfuxwfmyxjlp
yxhaszvxp knocks at another person's door more than ililsxbjc, so ililsxbjc is not more anticipatory than yxhaszvxp
jmvdizleaqow knocks at another person's door more than dcykohcsn, so dcykohcsn is not more anticipatory than jmvdizleaqow
zsg knocks at another person's door more than rneze, so rneze is not more anticipatory than zsg
ygrfpmpwqd wants a drink more than spgajmvpdpar, so ygrfpmpwqd is more thirsty than spgajmvpdpar
ozlyyk wants a drink more than xwerdaepj, so ozlyyk is more thirsty than xwerdaepj
fepyxcmbc wants a drink more than scshcslars, so fepyxcmbc is more thirsty than scshcslars
mzkv wants a drink more than pwdqlcr, so mzkv is more thirsty than pwdqlcr
lnqghgpiuay wants a drink more than smo, so lnqghgpiuay is more thirsty than smo
ygrfpmpwqd wants a drink more than spgajmvpdpar, so spgajmvpdpar is less thirsty than ygrfpmpwqd
ozlyyk wants a drink more than xwerdaepj, so xwerdaepj is less thirsty than ozlyyk
fepyxcmbc wants a drink more than scshcslars, so scshcslars is less thirsty than fepyxcmbc
mzkv wants a drink more than pwdqlcr, so pwdqlcr is less thirsty than mzkv
lnqghgpiuay wants a drink more than smo, so smo is less thirsty than lnqghgpiuay
wuohayrqmz wants a drink more than tnmtexfklr, so wuohayrqmz is not less thirsty than tnmtexfklr
voctfnzid wants a drink more than wimjmsmf, so voctfnzid is not less thirsty than wimjmsmf
lnob wants a drink more than cxryvcqdjbhl, so lnob is not less thirsty than cxryvcqdjbhl
bnyvfefubpin wants a drink more than diggfpvi, so bnyvfefubpin is not less thirsty than diggfpvi
jaeqxrwhqe wants a drink more than jorbyoxcjnvx, so jaeqxrwhqe is not less thirsty than jorbyoxcjnvx
tnmtexfklr wants a drink more than wuohayrqmz, so wuohayrqmz is not more thirsty than tnmtexfklr
wimjmsmf wants a drink more than voctfnzid, so voctfnzid is not more thirsty than wimjmsmf
cxryvcqdjbhl wants a drink more than lnob, so lnob is not more thirsty than cxryvcqdjbhl
diggfpvi wants a drink more than bnyvfefubpin, so bnyvfefubpin is not more thirsty than diggfpvi
jorbyoxcjnvx wants a drink more than jaeqxrwhqe, so jaeqxrwhqe is not more thirsty than jorbyoxcjnvx
cexqxxzo maintains their position more than lwfml, so cexqxxzo is more resolved than lwfml
ajjlvtckwn maintains their position more than ptgkfnf, so ajjlvtckwn is more resolved than ptgkfnf
wrfpnlrudxcl maintains their position more than skvgdndk, so wrfpnlrudxcl is more resolved than skvgdndk
vdexpuycvxy maintains their position more than zjpofsy, so vdexpuycvxy is more resolved than zjpofsy
dtlercmtbokm maintains their position more than urvwfds, so dtlercmtbokm is more resolved than urvwfds
cexqxxzo maintains their position more than lwfml, so lwfml is less resolved than cexqxxzo
ajjlvtckwn maintains their position more than ptgkfnf, so ptgkfnf is less resolved than ajjlvtckwn
wrfpnlrudxcl maintains their position more than skvgdndk, so skvgdndk is less resolved than wrfpnlrudxcl
vdexpuycvxy maintains their position more than zjpofsy, so zjpofsy is less resolved than vdexpuycvxy
dtlercmtbokm maintains their position more than urvwfds, so urvwfds is less resolved than dtlercmtbokm
gbz maintains their position more than otcmmtzzvoif, so gbz is not more resolved than otcmmtzzvoif
dovkz maintains their position more than lnnka, so dovkz is not more resolved than lnnka
vsmj maintains their position more than hgbezlmclww, so vsmj is not more resolved than hgbezlmclww
yol maintains their position more than nyyouj, so yol is not more resolved than nyyouj
gfx maintains their position more than fzhpdytzgpg, so gfx is not more resolved than fzhpdytzgpg
otcmmtzzvoif maintains their position more than gbz, so gbz is not more resolved than otcmmtzzvoif
lnnka maintains their position more than dovkz, so dovkz is not more resolved than lnnka
hgbezlmclww maintains their position more than vsmj, so vsmj is not more resolved than hgbezlmclww
nyyouj maintains their position more than yol, so yol is not more resolved than nyyouj
fzhpdytzgpg maintains their position more than gfx, so gfx is not more resolved than fzhpdytzgpg
cjauvj gets an invitation more than gyumpqinewnu, so cjauvj is more liked than gyumpqinewnu
npgjvnmotuy gets an invitation more than oafcysrr, so npgjvnmotuy is more liked than oafcysrr
dqtprwx gets an invitation more than ildgvqu, so dqtprwx is more liked than ildgvqu
tqutw gets an invitation more than ecadlc, so tqutw is more liked than ecadlc
hdesjiejasn gets an invitation more than xmwfuh, so hdesjiejasn is more liked than xmwfuh
cjauvj gets an invitation more than gyumpqinewnu, so gyumpqinewnu is less liked than cjauvj
npgjvnmotuy gets an invitation more than oafcysrr, so oafcysrr is less liked than npgjvnmotuy
dqtprwx gets an invitation more than ildgvqu, so ildgvqu is less liked than dqtprwx
tqutw gets an invitation more than ecadlc, so ecadlc is less liked than tqutw
hdesjiejasn gets an invitation more than xmwfuh, so xmwfuh is less liked than hdesjiejasn
tsogjlbwrll gets an invitation more than aeyb, so tsogjlbwrll is not less liked than aeyb
sblcddqel gets an invitation more than sgbbwhwuwzja, so sblcddqel is not less liked than sgbbwhwuwzja
fjszxyea gets an invitation more than bmmaeuy, so fjszxyea is not less liked than bmmaeuy
kitsy gets an invitation more than cibsmhwgh, so kitsy is not less liked than cibsmhwgh
lwytmtv gets an invitation more than nyhqr, so lwytmtv is not less liked than nyhqr
aeyb gets an invitation more than tsogjlbwrll, so tsogjlbwrll is not more liked than aeyb
sgbbwhwuwzja gets an invitation more than sblcddqel, so sblcddqel is not more liked than sgbbwhwuwzja
bmmaeuy gets an invitation more than fjszxyea, so fjszxyea is not more liked than bmmaeuy
cibsmhwgh gets an invitation more than kitsy, so kitsy is not more liked than cibsmhwgh
nyhqr gets an invitation more than lwytmtv, so lwytmtv is not more liked than nyhqr
iokmpkfkye uses it all the time more than ncogtekkztqt, so iokmpkfkye is more consistent than ncogtekkztqt
ewpxrr uses it all the time more than eqzvuwrfmj, so ewpxrr is more consistent than eqzvuwrfmj
yhwfgrtsbh uses it all the time more than mlfqj, so yhwfgrtsbh is more consistent than mlfqj
rkrw uses it all the time more than zsyqi, so rkrw is more consistent than zsyqi
jwjkuazf uses it all the time more than jwngjufozqrn, so jwjkuazf is more consistent than jwngjufozqrn
iokmpkfkye uses it all the time more than ncogtekkztqt, so ncogtekkztqt is less consistent than iokmpkfkye
ewpxrr uses it all the time more than eqzvuwrfmj, so eqzvuwrfmj is less consistent than ewpxrr
yhwfgrtsbh uses it all the time more than mlfqj, so mlfqj is less consistent than yhwfgrtsbh
rkrw uses it all the time more than zsyqi, so zsyqi is less consistent than rkrw
jwjkuazf uses it all the time more than jwngjufozqrn, so jwngjufozqrn is less consistent than jwjkuazf
ptoqygvsq uses it all the time more than ibxuufrcr, so ptoqygvsq is not less consistent than ibxuufrcr
cwgdpfkl uses it all the time more than hdrnk, so cwgdpfkl is not less consistent than hdrnk
fiiygnkfoayt uses it all the time more than bdtlymkf, so fiiygnkfoayt is not less consistent than bdtlymkf
owofuanq uses it all the time more than ackhtlzqcxvi, so owofuanq is not less consistent than ackhtlzqcxvi
kbhewqqw uses it all the time more than keohdncdd, so kbhewqqw is not less consistent than keohdncdd
ibxuufrcr uses it all the time more than ptoqygvsq, so ptoqygvsq is not more consistent than ibxuufrcr
hdrnk uses it all the time more than cwgdpfkl, so cwgdpfkl is not more consistent than hdrnk
bdtlymkf uses it all the time more than fiiygnkfoayt, so fiiygnkfoayt is not more consistent than bdtlymkf
ackhtlzqcxvi uses it all the time more than owofuanq, so owofuanq is not more consistent than ackhtlzqcxvi
keohdncdd uses it all the time more than kbhewqqw, so kbhewqqw is not more consistent than keohdncdd
tgd makes war upon another person more than pxqwoihnbgdb, so tgd is more commanding than pxqwoihnbgdb
vfpleaqmgkf makes war upon another person more than oezs, so vfpleaqmgkf is more commanding than oezs
yyersnbwxw makes war upon another person more than mnalyvpmgi, so yyersnbwxw is more commanding than mnalyvpmgi
csezlomfrh makes war upon another person more than xietml, so csezlomfrh is more commanding than xietml
eyq makes war upon another person more than bspsdndjfw, so eyq is more commanding than bspsdndjfw
tgd makes war upon another person more than pxqwoihnbgdb, so pxqwoihnbgdb is less commanding than tgd
vfpleaqmgkf makes war upon another person more than oezs, so oezs is less commanding than vfpleaqmgkf
yyersnbwxw makes war upon another person more than mnalyvpmgi, so mnalyvpmgi is less commanding than yyersnbwxw
csezlomfrh makes war upon another person more than xietml, so xietml is less commanding than csezlomfrh
eyq makes war upon another person more than bspsdndjfw, so bspsdndjfw is less commanding than eyq
xfig makes war upon another person more than zmgmpoqvj, so xfig is not less commanding than zmgmpoqvj
obivr makes war upon another person more than hriqvptggp, so obivr is not less commanding than hriqvptggp
cntpxsg makes war upon another person more than qkwehsggvrd, so cntpxsg is not less commanding than qkwehsggvrd
ukzlwvwanb makes war upon another person more than pprw, so ukzlwvwanb is not less commanding than pprw
yfusgreo makes war upon another person more than pwnkor, so yfusgreo is not less commanding than pwnkor
zmgmpoqvj makes war upon another person more than xfig, so xfig is not more commanding than zmgmpoqvj
hriqvptggp makes war upon another person more than obivr, so obivr is not more commanding than hriqvptggp
qkwehsggvrd makes war upon another person more than cntpxsg, so cntpxsg is not more commanding than qkwehsggvrd
pprw makes war upon another person more than ukzlwvwanb, so ukzlwvwanb is not more commanding than pprw
pwnkor makes war upon another person more than yfusgreo, so yfusgreo is not more commanding than pwnkor
jwhy beats their friend more than ojs, so jwhy is more talented than ojs
pdyo beats their friend more than brclnmw, so pdyo is more talented than brclnmw
kxdqciyvwy beats their friend more than iwfegpoela, so kxdqciyvwy is more talented than iwfegpoela
pbycijmivdtb beats their friend more than iljelcjwgewy, so pbycijmivdtb is more talented than iljelcjwgewy
dqzqqhdkfowf beats their friend more than pmjpwzhu, so dqzqqhdkfowf is more talented than pmjpwzhu
jwhy beats their friend more than ojs, so ojs is less talented than jwhy
pdyo beats their friend more than brclnmw, so brclnmw is less talented than pdyo
kxdqciyvwy beats their friend more than iwfegpoela, so iwfegpoela is less talented than kxdqciyvwy
pbycijmivdtb beats their friend more than iljelcjwgewy, so iljelcjwgewy is less talented than pbycijmivdtb
dqzqqhdkfowf beats their friend more than pmjpwzhu, so pmjpwzhu is less talented than dqzqqhdkfowf
yyqtnzxg beats their friend more than gqbspexwpxp, so yyqtnzxg is not less talented than gqbspexwpxp
hcbpcqiabl beats their friend more than slnzoafqp, so hcbpcqiabl is not less talented than slnzoafqp
hoyboadzcwa beats their friend more than kqvythoa, so hoyboadzcwa is not less talented than kqvythoa
scknctutkaf beats their friend more than wklovz, so scknctutkaf is not less talented than wklovz
qpmech beats their friend more than zrhxc, so qpmech is not less talented than zrhxc
gqbspexwpxp beats their friend more than yyqtnzxg, so yyqtnzxg is not more talented than gqbspexwpxp
slnzoafqp beats their friend more than hcbpcqiabl, so hcbpcqiabl is not more talented than slnzoafqp
kqvythoa beats their friend more than hoyboadzcwa, so hoyboadzcwa is not more talented than kqvythoa
wklovz beats their friend more than scknctutkaf, so scknctutkaf is not more talented than wklovz
zrhxc beats their friend more than qpmech, so qpmech is not more talented than zrhxc
zpcyfsfuumk heads towards another person more than uxoenzkmi, so zpcyfsfuumk is more social than uxoenzkmi
vwzd heads towards another person more than ttonabm, so vwzd is more social than ttonabm
ccojh heads towards another person more than zxyr, so ccojh is more social than zxyr
cwag heads towards another person more than etwuymbmiqg, so cwag is more social than etwuymbmiqg
lvb heads towards another person more than ttoddduewb, so lvb is more social than ttoddduewb
zpcyfsfuumk heads towards another person more than uxoenzkmi, so uxoenzkmi is less social than zpcyfsfuumk
vwzd heads towards another person more than ttonabm, so ttonabm is less social than vwzd
ccojh heads towards another person more than zxyr, so zxyr is less social than ccojh
cwag heads towards another person more than etwuymbmiqg, so etwuymbmiqg is less social than cwag
lvb heads towards another person more than ttoddduewb, so ttoddduewb is less social than lvb
ightyjxnlsz heads towards another person more than amqptebvsv, so ightyjxnlsz is not less social than amqptebvsv
cuulg heads towards another person more than revmt, so cuulg is not less social than revmt
hjqty heads towards another person more than uca, so hjqty is not less social than uca
likcgls heads towards another person more than pos, so likcgls is not less social than pos
thtuf heads towards another person more than zmqczn, so thtuf is not less social than zmqczn
amqptebvsv heads towards another person more than ightyjxnlsz, so ightyjxnlsz is not more social than amqptebvsv
revmt heads towards another person more than cuulg, so cuulg is not more social than revmt
uca heads towards another person more than hjqty, so hjqty is not more social than uca
pos heads towards another person more than likcgls, so likcgls is not more social than pos
zmqczn heads towards another person more than thtuf, so thtuf is not more social than zmqczn
yopjym gets home late more than iqhbdbc, so yopjym is less rushed than iqhbdbc
xgoswun gets home late more than vbvpmiz, so xgoswun is less rushed than vbvpmiz
lfjpmg gets home late more than isettx, so lfjpmg is less rushed than isettx
betdfnhcozgo gets home late more than ayqqq, so betdfnhcozgo is less rushed than ayqqq
dxpdcx gets home late more than jgcrmw, so dxpdcx is less rushed than jgcrmw
yopjym gets home late more than iqhbdbc, so iqhbdbc is less rushed than yopjym
xgoswun gets home late more than vbvpmiz, so vbvpmiz is less rushed than xgoswun
lfjpmg gets home late more than isettx, so isettx is less rushed than lfjpmg
betdfnhcozgo gets home late more than ayqqq, so ayqqq is less rushed than betdfnhcozgo
dxpdcx gets home late more than jgcrmw, so jgcrmw is less rushed than dxpdcx
wigycww gets home late more than muvtiyuszwnt, so wigycww is not less rushed than muvtiyuszwnt
fwhwuueg gets home late more than hzrmxmlfk, so fwhwuueg is not less rushed than hzrmxmlfk
sgcxywwfek gets home late more than cfusseyfppin, so sgcxywwfek is not less rushed than cfusseyfppin
krjvcu gets home late more than lfpn, so krjvcu is not less rushed than lfpn
mrxkr gets home late more than lyjhz, so mrxkr is not less rushed than lyjhz
muvtiyuszwnt gets home late more than wigycww, so wigycww is not more rushed than muvtiyuszwnt
hzrmxmlfk gets home late more than fwhwuueg, so fwhwuueg is not more rushed than hzrmxmlfk
cfusseyfppin gets home late more than sgcxywwfek, so sgcxywwfek is not more rushed than cfusseyfppin
lfpn gets home late more than krjvcu, so krjvcu is not more rushed than lfpn
lyjhz gets home late more than mrxkr, so mrxkr is not more rushed than lyjhz
ztrxmszsdbix continues their course more than eztrjelkoemm, so ztrxmszsdbix is more dedicated than eztrjelkoemm
kjwzxqbh continues their course more than lfreuqsoxot, so kjwzxqbh is more dedicated than lfreuqsoxot
wtw continues their course more than ldif, so wtw is more dedicated than ldif
hcsfunidr continues their course more than ewbxctzcs, so hcsfunidr is more dedicated than ewbxctzcs
txlpolkcjhu continues their course more than hodowpbnjvzg, so txlpolkcjhu is more dedicated than hodowpbnjvzg
ztrxmszsdbix continues their course more than eztrjelkoemm, so eztrjelkoemm is less dedicated than ztrxmszsdbix
kjwzxqbh continues their course more than lfreuqsoxot, so lfreuqsoxot is less dedicated than kjwzxqbh
wtw continues their course more than ldif, so ldif is less dedicated than wtw
hcsfunidr continues their course more than ewbxctzcs, so ewbxctzcs is less dedicated than hcsfunidr
txlpolkcjhu continues their course more than hodowpbnjvzg, so hodowpbnjvzg is less dedicated than txlpolkcjhu
gxpykonnlew continues their course more than hzqtaqrt, so gxpykonnlew is not less dedicated than hzqtaqrt
sheykf continues their course more than lbtgxudy, so sheykf is not less dedicated than lbtgxudy
kte continues their course more than gorg, so kte is not less dedicated than gorg
naudhxblwn continues their course more than tcjygcavx, so naudhxblwn is not less dedicated than tcjygcavx
brwinukbdaz continues their course more than dedniprmdmis, so brwinukbdaz is not less dedicated than dedniprmdmis
hzqtaqrt continues their course more than gxpykonnlew, so gxpykonnlew is not more dedicated than hzqtaqrt
lbtgxudy continues their course more than sheykf, so sheykf is not more dedicated than lbtgxudy
gorg continues their course more than kte, so kte is not more dedicated than gorg
tcjygcavx continues their course more than naudhxblwn, so naudhxblwn is not more dedicated than tcjygcavx
dedniprmdmis continues their course more than brwinukbdaz, so brwinukbdaz is not more dedicated than dedniprmdmis
hybicug takes pictures of it while uamezr does not, so hybicug is more interested than uamezr
ffn takes pictures of it while gnkoledbcrf does not, so ffn is more interested than gnkoledbcrf
fzqedkimwka takes pictures of it while duejf does not, so fzqedkimwka is more interested than duejf
empvhlv takes pictures of it while cpjue does not, so empvhlv is more interested than cpjue
nlammn takes pictures of it while hhxaythxfd does not, so nlammn is more interested than hhxaythxfd
hybicug takes pictures of it while uamezr does not, so uamezr is less interested than hybicug
ffn takes pictures of it while gnkoledbcrf does not, so gnkoledbcrf is less interested than ffn
fzqedkimwka takes pictures of it while duejf does not, so duejf is less interested than fzqedkimwka
empvhlv takes pictures of it while cpjue does not, so cpjue is less interested than empvhlv
nlammn takes pictures of it while hhxaythxfd does not, so hhxaythxfd is less interested than nlammn
kthpcaver takes pictures of it while cin does not, so kthpcaver is not less interested than cin
yrssizxptscm takes pictures of it while loqov does not, so yrssizxptscm is not less interested than loqov
oabst takes pictures of it while ndwjzmlqwtrm does not, so oabst is not less interested than ndwjzmlqwtrm
pplg takes pictures of it while ouwkfrbxmim does not, so pplg is not less interested than ouwkfrbxmim
wcjknbstobfm takes pictures of it while krog does not, so wcjknbstobfm is not less interested than krog
cin takes pictures of it while kthpcaver does not, so kthpcaver is not more interested than cin
loqov takes pictures of it while yrssizxptscm does not, so yrssizxptscm is not more interested than loqov
ndwjzmlqwtrm takes pictures of it while oabst does not, so oabst is not more interested than ndwjzmlqwtrm
ouwkfrbxmim takes pictures of it while pplg does not, so pplg is not more interested than ouwkfrbxmim
krog takes pictures of it while wcjknbstobfm does not, so wcjknbstobfm is not more interested than krog
yosehw preserves their life more than gyqjjznfkdin, so yosehw is more lucky than gyqjjznfkdin
nnjc preserves their life more than iqdcdtnf, so nnjc is more lucky than iqdcdtnf
mkx preserves their life more than pbdvhyyzsnjd, so mkx is more lucky than pbdvhyyzsnjd
opifbvvoq preserves their life more than mury, so opifbvvoq is more lucky than mury
qwp preserves their life more than goltxdzgn, so qwp is more lucky than goltxdzgn
yosehw preserves their life more than gyqjjznfkdin, so gyqjjznfkdin is less lucky than yosehw
nnjc preserves their life more than iqdcdtnf, so iqdcdtnf is less lucky than nnjc
mkx preserves their life more than pbdvhyyzsnjd, so pbdvhyyzsnjd is less lucky than mkx
opifbvvoq preserves their life more than mury, so mury is less lucky than opifbvvoq
qwp preserves their life more than goltxdzgn, so goltxdzgn is less lucky than qwp
bcnprdxca preserves their life more than iycddvqwbb, so bcnprdxca is not less lucky than iycddvqwbb
rplnfdhln preserves their life more than wxattomcqszq, so rplnfdhln is not less lucky than wxattomcqszq
gwcqh preserves their life more than ttilgj, so gwcqh is not less lucky than ttilgj
xbzaf preserves their life more than znuseflhk, so xbzaf is not less lucky than znuseflhk
obuzvb preserves their life more than pirndxoo, so obuzvb is not less lucky than pirndxoo
iycddvqwbb preserves their life more than bcnprdxca, so bcnprdxca is not more lucky than iycddvqwbb
wxattomcqszq preserves their life more than rplnfdhln, so rplnfdhln is not more lucky than wxattomcqszq
ttilgj preserves their life more than gwcqh, so gwcqh is not more lucky than ttilgj
znuseflhk preserves their life more than xbzaf, so xbzaf is not more lucky than znuseflhk
pirndxoo preserves their life more than obuzvb, so obuzvb is not more lucky than pirndxoo
lfgjiv is worth thousands of dollars more than iiwoffcj, so lfgjiv is more valuable than iiwoffcj
vauabsp is worth thousands of dollars more than vfetkb, so vauabsp is more valuable than vfetkb
nxasewugkynq is worth thousands of dollars more than fypkusbr, so nxasewugkynq is more valuable than fypkusbr
dzzeovomaf is worth thousands of dollars more than nkm, so dzzeovomaf is more valuable than nkm
iclyudoqgrz is worth thousands of dollars more than gxyicab, so iclyudoqgrz is more valuable than gxyicab
lfgjiv is worth thousands of dollars more than iiwoffcj, so iiwoffcj is less valuable than lfgjiv
vauabsp is worth thousands of dollars more than vfetkb, so vfetkb is less valuable than vauabsp
nxasewugkynq is worth thousands of dollars more than fypkusbr, so fypkusbr is less valuable than nxasewugkynq
dzzeovomaf is worth thousands of dollars more than nkm, so nkm is less valuable than dzzeovomaf
iclyudoqgrz is worth thousands of dollars more than gxyicab, so gxyicab is less valuable than iclyudoqgrz
rwuvv is worth thousands of dollars more than kah, so rwuvv is not less valuable than kah
lhha is worth thousands of dollars more than bqjadxc, so lhha is not less valuable than bqjadxc
qdzfudlnk is worth thousands of dollars more than hqqsvt, so qdzfudlnk is not less valuable than hqqsvt
wgrkbqcyk is worth thousands of dollars more than rdslfyqvtq, so wgrkbqcyk is not less valuable than rdslfyqvtq
trbn is worth thousands of dollars more than ggrxefgbgsc, so trbn is not less valuable than ggrxefgbgsc
kah is worth thousands of dollars more than rwuvv, so rwuvv is not more valuable than kah
bqjadxc is worth thousands of dollars more than lhha, so lhha is not more valuable than bqjadxc
hqqsvt is worth thousands of dollars more than qdzfudlnk, so qdzfudlnk is not more valuable than hqqsvt
rdslfyqvtq is worth thousands of dollars more than wgrkbqcyk, so wgrkbqcyk is not more valuable than rdslfyqvtq
ggrxefgbgsc is worth thousands of dollars more than trbn, so trbn is not more valuable than ggrxefgbgsc
ynsrto is a homeless man, ibruabdf is a homeless man, so ynsrto is more unlucky than ibruabdf
bohlbdz is a homeless man, kboweqfzwcl is a homeless man, so bohlbdz is more unlucky than kboweqfzwcl
fsythb is a homeless man, iorru is a homeless man, so fsythb is more unlucky than iorru
qofp is a homeless man, mnkjvng is a homeless man, so qofp is more unlucky than mnkjvng
wgnu is a homeless man, mkivkw is a homeless man, so wgnu is more unlucky than mkivkw
ynsrto is a homeless man, ibruabdf is not, so ibruabdf is less unlucky than ynsrto
bohlbdz is a homeless man, kboweqfzwcl is not, so kboweqfzwcl is less unlucky than bohlbdz
fsythb is a homeless man, iorru is not, so iorru is less unlucky than fsythb
qofp is a homeless man, mnkjvng is not, so mnkjvng is less unlucky than qofp
wgnu is a homeless man, mkivkw is not, so mkivkw is less unlucky than wgnu
cfusmts is a homeless man, so cfusmts is not less unlucky than qunwbaaoicd
ljincf is a homeless man, so ljincf is not less unlucky than kunibpy
xvqwzdeeryyr is a homeless man, so xvqwzdeeryyr is not less unlucky than wwil
wxyucrbwp is a homeless man, so wxyucrbwp is not less unlucky than qzvrckd
jjpnfprm is a homeless man, so jjpnfprm is not less unlucky than avd
qunwbaaoicd is a homeless man more than cfusmts, so cfusmts is not more unlucky than qunwbaaoicd
kunibpy is a homeless man more than ljincf, so ljincf is not more unlucky than kunibpy
wwil is a homeless man more than xvqwzdeeryyr, so xvqwzdeeryyr is not more unlucky than wwil
qzvrckd is a homeless man more than wxyucrbwp, so wxyucrbwp is not more unlucky than qzvrckd
avd is a homeless man more than jjpnfprm, so jjpnfprm is not more unlucky than avd
pyjshngv eats for lunch more than icgkhdsg, so pyjshngv is more healthy than icgkhdsg
mhjcdchf eats for lunch more than bgggbzqvd, so mhjcdchf is more healthy than bgggbzqvd
qjcobemcs eats for lunch more than wvgctooxrurj, so qjcobemcs is more healthy than wvgctooxrurj
ckggppbyboyc eats for lunch more than qejgshxjonsm, so ckggppbyboyc is more healthy than qejgshxjonsm
tyjkitdnj eats for lunch more than xciitezpg, so tyjkitdnj is more healthy than xciitezpg
pyjshngv eats for lunch more than icgkhdsg, so icgkhdsg is less healthy than pyjshngv
mhjcdchf eats for lunch more than bgggbzqvd, so bgggbzqvd is less healthy than mhjcdchf
qjcobemcs eats for lunch more than wvgctooxrurj, so wvgctooxrurj is less healthy than qjcobemcs
ckggppbyboyc eats for lunch more than qejgshxjonsm, so qejgshxjonsm is less healthy than ckggppbyboyc
tyjkitdnj eats for lunch more than xciitezpg, so xciitezpg is less healthy than tyjkitdnj
ypomjsn eats for lunch more than tlzgp, so ypomjsn is not less healthy than tlzgp
pjpn eats for lunch more than glyq, so pjpn is not less healthy than glyq
tpzuuwpaohp eats for lunch more than lnaflw, so tpzuuwpaohp is not less healthy than lnaflw
xgtzhzyevwz eats for lunch more than xtpzarcse, so xgtzhzyevwz is not less healthy than xtpzarcse
bjognxyyecx eats for lunch more than ewopapgyycj, so bjognxyyecx is not less healthy than ewopapgyycj
tlzgp eats for lunch more than ypomjsn, so ypomjsn is not more healthy than tlzgp
glyq eats for lunch more than pjpn, so pjpn is not more healthy than glyq
lnaflw eats for lunch more than tpzuuwpaohp, so tpzuuwpaohp is not more healthy than lnaflw
xtpzarcse eats for lunch more than xgtzhzyevwz, so xgtzhzyevwz is not more healthy than xtpzarcse
ewopapgyycj eats for lunch more than bjognxyyecx, so bjognxyyecx is not more healthy than ewopapgyycj
dgrullxernv goes to their grandmother 's house more than ldtr, so dgrullxernv is less loving than ldtr
parpl goes to their grandmother 's house more than ustntuqclnhk, so parpl is less loving than ustntuqclnhk
wurbczbtr goes to their grandmother 's house more than uvewzrbk, so wurbczbtr is less loving than uvewzrbk
vrmwx goes to their grandmother 's house more than acwpybp, so vrmwx is less loving than acwpybp
vfuhdnjme goes to their grandmother 's house more than cvh, so vfuhdnjme is less loving than cvh
dgrullxernv goes to their grandmother 's house more than ldtr, so ldtr is less loving than dgrullxernv
parpl goes to their grandmother 's house more than ustntuqclnhk, so ustntuqclnhk is less loving than parpl
wurbczbtr goes to their grandmother 's house more than uvewzrbk, so uvewzrbk is less loving than wurbczbtr
vrmwx goes to their grandmother 's house more than acwpybp, so acwpybp is less loving than vrmwx
vfuhdnjme goes to their grandmother 's house more than cvh, so cvh is less loving than vfuhdnjme
whraathx goes to their grandmother 's house more than nsllstdck, so whraathx is not less loving than nsllstdck
zywajxzpo goes to their grandmother 's house more than tipu, so zywajxzpo is not less loving than tipu
fvouqgbi goes to their grandmother 's house more than wvrrzf, so fvouqgbi is not less loving than wvrrzf
wvci goes to their grandmother 's house more than eco, so wvci is not less loving than eco
colyea goes to their grandmother 's house more than jtuvok, so colyea is not less loving than jtuvok
nsllstdck goes to their grandmother 's house more than whraathx, so whraathx is not more loving than nsllstdck
tipu goes to their grandmother 's house more than zywajxzpo, so zywajxzpo is not more loving than tipu
wvrrzf goes to their grandmother 's house more than fvouqgbi, so fvouqgbi is not more loving than wvrrzf
eco goes to their grandmother 's house more than wvci, so wvci is not more loving than eco
jtuvok goes to their grandmother 's house more than colyea, so colyea is not more loving than jtuvok
weuxrizutlu exercises their functions more than powvknazheq, so weuxrizutlu is less conscientious than powvknazheq
ekueyimslqm exercises their functions more than wvxlotk, so ekueyimslqm is less conscientious than wvxlotk
zpfppqczvy exercises their functions more than alenkn, so zpfppqczvy is less conscientious than alenkn
wusydtddko exercises their functions more than exjknvthtaz, so wusydtddko is less conscientious than exjknvthtaz
nqjufhl exercises their functions more than yoqavypxbuoh, so nqjufhl is less conscientious than yoqavypxbuoh
weuxrizutlu exercises their functions more than powvknazheq, so powvknazheq is less conscientious than weuxrizutlu
ekueyimslqm exercises their functions more than wvxlotk, so wvxlotk is less conscientious than ekueyimslqm
zpfppqczvy exercises their functions more than alenkn, so alenkn is less conscientious than zpfppqczvy
wusydtddko exercises their functions more than exjknvthtaz, so exjknvthtaz is less conscientious than wusydtddko
nqjufhl exercises their functions more than yoqavypxbuoh, so yoqavypxbuoh is less conscientious than nqjufhl
rvkt exercises their functions more than xiezh, so rvkt is not less conscientious than xiezh
mrisjuwp exercises their functions more than who, so mrisjuwp is not less conscientious than who
eszato exercises their functions more than hguosdxqv, so eszato is not less conscientious than hguosdxqv
stgdomx exercises their functions more than kum, so stgdomx is not less conscientious than kum
rflzllxg exercises their functions more than qtzqnc, so rflzllxg is not less conscientious than qtzqnc
xiezh exercises their functions more than rvkt, so rvkt is not more conscientious than xiezh
who exercises their functions more than mrisjuwp, so mrisjuwp is not more conscientious than who
hguosdxqv exercises their functions more than eszato, so eszato is not more conscientious than hguosdxqv
kum exercises their functions more than stgdomx, so stgdomx is not more conscientious than kum
qtzqnc exercises their functions more than rflzllxg, so rflzllxg is not more conscientious than qtzqnc
gglvkuqfklpj rises from another person's chair more than gym, so gglvkuqfklpj is more restless than gym
uhhdirlhmsrt rises from another person's chair more than dunuzfuz, so uhhdirlhmsrt is more restless than dunuzfuz
wfofpxtw rises from another person's chair more than iupdngkypbw, so wfofpxtw is more restless than iupdngkypbw
lkcilm rises from another person's chair more than tlbuepq, so lkcilm is more restless than tlbuepq
emipwagarc rises from another person's chair more than pisc, so emipwagarc is more restless than pisc
gglvkuqfklpj rises from another person's chair more than gym, so gym is less restless than gglvkuqfklpj
uhhdirlhmsrt rises from another person's chair more than dunuzfuz, so dunuzfuz is less restless than uhhdirlhmsrt
wfofpxtw rises from another person's chair more than iupdngkypbw, so iupdngkypbw is less restless than wfofpxtw
lkcilm rises from another person's chair more than tlbuepq, so tlbuepq is less restless than lkcilm
emipwagarc rises from another person's chair more than pisc, so pisc is less restless than emipwagarc
rkc rises from another person's chair more than vbnqszskrhfp, so rkc is not less restless than vbnqszskrhfp
jxvhlfx rises from another person's chair more than znx, so jxvhlfx is not less restless than znx
ksusji rises from another person's chair more than oowxcfgaptl, so ksusji is not less restless than oowxcfgaptl
ojaarym rises from another person's chair more than cvqwn, so ojaarym is not less restless than cvqwn
gzubj rises from another person's chair more than knedujfazutl, so gzubj is not less restless than knedujfazutl
vbnqszskrhfp rises from another person's chair more than rkc, so rkc is not more restless than vbnqszskrhfp
znx rises from another person's chair more than jxvhlfx, so jxvhlfx is not more restless than znx
oowxcfgaptl rises from another person's chair more than ksusji, so ksusji is not more restless than oowxcfgaptl
cvqwn rises from another person's chair more than ojaarym, so ojaarym is not more restless than cvqwn
knedujfazutl rises from another person's chair more than gzubj, so gzubj is not more restless than knedujfazutl
ilkgtxsxqd plays poker more than sovsoe, so ilkgtxsxqd is more sneaky than sovsoe
jetnqspkc plays poker more than swkwtxerlnn, so jetnqspkc is more sneaky than swkwtxerlnn
dov plays poker more than sqn, so dov is more sneaky than sqn
zmjmudlahv plays poker more than zgbohxk, so zmjmudlahv is more sneaky than zgbohxk
cxoj plays poker more than luqclne, so cxoj is more sneaky than luqclne
ilkgtxsxqd plays poker more than sovsoe, so sovsoe is less sneaky than ilkgtxsxqd
jetnqspkc plays poker more than swkwtxerlnn, so swkwtxerlnn is less sneaky than jetnqspkc
dov plays poker more than sqn, so sqn is less sneaky than dov
zmjmudlahv plays poker more than zgbohxk, so zgbohxk is less sneaky than zmjmudlahv
cxoj plays poker more than luqclne, so luqclne is less sneaky than cxoj
tjdgzx plays poker more than vxuexmldt, so tjdgzx is not less sneaky than vxuexmldt
smnltpsn plays poker more than aspmzkcchwek, so smnltpsn is not less sneaky than aspmzkcchwek
wfutgrzrzjl plays poker more than pow, so wfutgrzrzjl is not less sneaky than pow
xtfpo plays poker more than mcctnrbbfrsa, so xtfpo is not less sneaky than mcctnrbbfrsa
sgneinwqcea plays poker more than uwzar, so sgneinwqcea is not less sneaky than uwzar
vxuexmldt plays poker more than tjdgzx, so tjdgzx is not more sneaky than vxuexmldt
aspmzkcchwek plays poker more than smnltpsn, so smnltpsn is not more sneaky than aspmzkcchwek
pow plays poker more than wfutgrzrzjl, so wfutgrzrzjl is not more sneaky than pow
mcctnrbbfrsa plays poker more than xtfpo, so xtfpo is not more sneaky than mcctnrbbfrsa
uwzar plays poker more than sgneinwqcea, so sgneinwqcea is not more sneaky than uwzar
fbbaug gives under another person hand more than icwngjnn, so fbbaug is more sneaky than icwngjnn
vbcypnhqc gives under another person hand more than fytdhkuyub, so vbcypnhqc is more sneaky than fytdhkuyub
bknfbsarbqd gives under another person hand more than svwrqf, so bknfbsarbqd is more sneaky than svwrqf
kygr gives under another person hand more than frcxxiijqdfr, so kygr is more sneaky than frcxxiijqdfr
mxzofhcp gives under another person hand more than vsopcpowirq, so mxzofhcp is more sneaky than vsopcpowirq
fbbaug gives under another person hand more than icwngjnn, so icwngjnn is less sneaky than fbbaug
vbcypnhqc gives under another person hand more than fytdhkuyub, so fytdhkuyub is less sneaky than vbcypnhqc
bknfbsarbqd gives under another person hand more than svwrqf, so svwrqf is less sneaky than bknfbsarbqd
kygr gives under another person hand more than frcxxiijqdfr, so frcxxiijqdfr is less sneaky than kygr
mxzofhcp gives under another person hand more than vsopcpowirq, so vsopcpowirq is less sneaky than mxzofhcp
gcgouijlu gives under another person hand more than qhrrejelwh, so gcgouijlu is not less sneaky than qhrrejelwh
dzn gives under another person hand more than bcory, so dzn is not less sneaky than bcory
tmki gives under another person hand more than lvxpjpfb, so tmki is not less sneaky than lvxpjpfb
mnioiv gives under another person hand more than dbuvofstt, so mnioiv is not less sneaky than dbuvofstt
uhe gives under another person hand more than fpapwfjw, so uhe is not less sneaky than fpapwfjw
qhrrejelwh gives under another person hand more than gcgouijlu, so gcgouijlu is not more sneaky than qhrrejelwh
bcory gives under another person hand more than dzn, so dzn is not more sneaky than bcory
lvxpjpfb gives under another person hand more than tmki, so tmki is not more sneaky than lvxpjpfb
dbuvofstt gives under another person hand more than mnioiv, so mnioiv is not more sneaky than dbuvofstt
fpapwfjw gives under another person hand more than uhe, so uhe is not more sneaky than fpapwfjw
ppajvsdrb wins a prize more than awn, so ppajvsdrb is more happy than awn
rneaw wins a prize more than xdobbcftuny, so rneaw is more happy than xdobbcftuny
ahpxhyrl wins a prize more than crtqlfdjvris, so ahpxhyrl is more happy than crtqlfdjvris
drrzwvoxi wins a prize more than imnr, so drrzwvoxi is more happy than imnr
hxqpkjf wins a prize more than fpd, so hxqpkjf is more happy than fpd
ppajvsdrb wins a prize more than awn, so awn is less happy than ppajvsdrb
rneaw wins a prize more than xdobbcftuny, so xdobbcftuny is less happy than rneaw
ahpxhyrl wins a prize more than crtqlfdjvris, so crtqlfdjvris is less happy than ahpxhyrl
drrzwvoxi wins a prize more than imnr, so imnr is less happy than drrzwvoxi
hxqpkjf wins a prize more than fpd, so fpd is less happy than hxqpkjf
pitsttmf wins a prize more than lmfltxcglkvr, so pitsttmf is not less happy than lmfltxcglkvr
fbbh wins a prize more than rmg, so fbbh is not less happy than rmg
ycu wins a prize more than qpeiavyd, so ycu is not less happy than qpeiavyd
iqhpgbl wins a prize more than okwddeifqw, so iqhpgbl is not less happy than okwddeifqw
tbzb wins a prize more than gclckzjfw, so tbzb is not less happy than gclckzjfw
lmfltxcglkvr wins a prize more than pitsttmf, so pitsttmf is not more happy than lmfltxcglkvr
rmg wins a prize more than fbbh, so fbbh is not more happy than rmg
qpeiavyd wins a prize more than ycu, so ycu is not more happy than qpeiavyd
okwddeifqw wins a prize more than iqhpgbl, so iqhpgbl is not more happy than okwddeifqw
gclckzjfw wins a prize more than tbzb, so tbzb is not more happy than gclckzjfw
ziw keeps their promises more than flxxvbrirg, so ziw is more honest than flxxvbrirg
yyo keeps their promises more than inkjwnoygqd, so yyo is more honest than inkjwnoygqd
kntfmgo keeps their promises more than exxc, so kntfmgo is more honest than exxc
hlfcja keeps their promises more than fbcazzkplygd, so hlfcja is more honest than fbcazzkplygd
dnj keeps their promises more than mpmhvn, so dnj is more honest than mpmhvn
ziw keeps their promises more than flxxvbrirg, so flxxvbrirg is less honest than ziw
yyo keeps their promises more than inkjwnoygqd, so inkjwnoygqd is less honest than yyo
kntfmgo keeps their promises more than exxc, so exxc is less honest than kntfmgo
hlfcja keeps their promises more than fbcazzkplygd, so fbcazzkplygd is less honest than hlfcja
dnj keeps their promises more than mpmhvn, so mpmhvn is less honest than dnj
kmwa keeps their promises more than gldwy, so kmwa is not less honest than gldwy
uoejjq keeps their promises more than hfwgmsjcxqha, so uoejjq is not less honest than hfwgmsjcxqha
zqcs keeps their promises more than fxw, so zqcs is not less honest than fxw
rxzofwq keeps their promises more than lvim, so rxzofwq is not less honest than lvim
qpqxaog keeps their promises more than khjctnrsv, so qpqxaog is not less honest than khjctnrsv
gldwy keeps their promises more than kmwa, so kmwa is not more honest than gldwy
hfwgmsjcxqha keeps their promises more than uoejjq, so uoejjq is not more honest than hfwgmsjcxqha
fxw keeps their promises more than zqcs, so zqcs is not more honest than fxw
lvim keeps their promises more than rxzofwq, so rxzofwq is not more honest than lvim
khjctnrsv keeps their promises more than qpqxaog, so qpqxaog is not more honest than khjctnrsv
dycxohtce cuts a hole more than qdat, so dycxohtce is more designing than qdat
qlsg cuts a hole more than bwa, so qlsg is more designing than bwa
mqtinmgzxfx cuts a hole more than ufpv, so mqtinmgzxfx is more designing than ufpv
sjacuixb cuts a hole more than iwojdhbjwhnp, so sjacuixb is more designing than iwojdhbjwhnp
cux cuts a hole more than bzxvnlhkqbj, so cux is more designing than bzxvnlhkqbj
dycxohtce cuts a hole more than qdat, so qdat is less designing than dycxohtce
qlsg cuts a hole more than bwa, so bwa is less designing than qlsg
mqtinmgzxfx cuts a hole more than ufpv, so ufpv is less designing than mqtinmgzxfx
sjacuixb cuts a hole more than iwojdhbjwhnp, so iwojdhbjwhnp is less designing than sjacuixb
cux cuts a hole more than bzxvnlhkqbj, so bzxvnlhkqbj is less designing than cux
gdsjhqpevf cuts a hole more than ddeim, so gdsjhqpevf is not less designing than ddeim
ifyvf cuts a hole more than xfstjem, so ifyvf is not less designing than xfstjem
vazluz cuts a hole more than txsfrdwsezni, so vazluz is not less designing than txsfrdwsezni
cvhampgug cuts a hole more than cvowusfw, so cvhampgug is not less designing than cvowusfw
xiag cuts a hole more than bmnrcjosho, so xiag is not less designing than bmnrcjosho
ddeim cuts a hole more than gdsjhqpevf, so gdsjhqpevf is not more designing than ddeim
xfstjem cuts a hole more than ifyvf, so ifyvf is not more designing than xfstjem
txsfrdwsezni cuts a hole more than vazluz, so vazluz is not more designing than txsfrdwsezni
cvowusfw cuts a hole more than cvhampgug, so cvhampgug is not more designing than cvowusfw
bmnrcjosho cuts a hole more than xiag, so xiag is not more designing than bmnrcjosho
nzrccezzl says something more than dtgcn, so nzrccezzl is more talkative than dtgcn
eukgqfbtkl says something more than mppqcmyas, so eukgqfbtkl is more talkative than mppqcmyas
qdfxufx says something more than aomfqv, so qdfxufx is more talkative than aomfqv
bsdmckmxjgrn says something more than rrx, so bsdmckmxjgrn is more talkative than rrx
dhr says something more than vzsmellcs, so dhr is more talkative than vzsmellcs
nzrccezzl says something more than dtgcn, so dtgcn is less talkative than nzrccezzl
eukgqfbtkl says something more than mppqcmyas, so mppqcmyas is less talkative than eukgqfbtkl
qdfxufx says something more than aomfqv, so aomfqv is less talkative than qdfxufx
bsdmckmxjgrn says something more than rrx, so rrx is less talkative than bsdmckmxjgrn
dhr says something more than vzsmellcs, so vzsmellcs is less talkative than dhr
urfd says something more than vihkj, so urfd is not less talkative than vihkj
zte says something more than zuvagqyxwef, so zte is not less talkative than zuvagqyxwef
yzb says something more than qeatzgqowo, so yzb is not less talkative than qeatzgqowo
fxutfkavh says something more than vctxuicnhy, so fxutfkavh is not less talkative than vctxuicnhy
fxndywz says something more than jmdy, so fxndywz is not less talkative than jmdy
vihkj says something more than urfd, so urfd is not more talkative than vihkj
zuvagqyxwef says something more than zte, so zte is not more talkative than zuvagqyxwef
qeatzgqowo says something more than yzb, so yzb is not more talkative than qeatzgqowo
vctxuicnhy says something more than fxutfkavh, so fxutfkavh is not more talkative than vctxuicnhy
jmdy says something more than fxndywz, so fxndywz is not more talkative than jmdy
pxuiruadukd plays video games with another person's friends more than lssdqyliyuya, so pxuiruadukd is more friendly than lssdqyliyuya
pjldztjk plays video games with another person's friends more than jhpaviy, so pjldztjk is more friendly than jhpaviy
njzjeyvzbnpy plays video games with another person's friends more than eat, so njzjeyvzbnpy is more friendly than eat
jgvlnlo plays video games with another person's friends more than siaogtaymq, so jgvlnlo is more friendly than siaogtaymq
thj plays video games with another person's friends more than ltyw, so thj is more friendly than ltyw
pxuiruadukd plays video games with another person's friends more than lssdqyliyuya, so lssdqyliyuya is less friendly than pxuiruadukd
pjldztjk plays video games with another person's friends more than jhpaviy, so jhpaviy is less friendly than pjldztjk
njzjeyvzbnpy plays video games with another person's friends more than eat, so eat is less friendly than njzjeyvzbnpy
jgvlnlo plays video games with another person's friends more than siaogtaymq, so siaogtaymq is less friendly than jgvlnlo
thj plays video games with another person's friends more than ltyw, so ltyw is less friendly than thj
bitfw plays video games with another person's friends more than wlvhag, so bitfw is not less friendly than wlvhag
cksjwloap plays video games with another person's friends more than jmnngaoslud, so cksjwloap is not less friendly than jmnngaoslud
pww plays video games with another person's friends more than ehobhbnnkkyw, so pww is not less friendly than ehobhbnnkkyw
vpvwulbvjnrc plays video games with another person's friends more than njmlks, so vpvwulbvjnrc is not less friendly than njmlks
wuzji plays video games with another person's friends more than hxzged, so wuzji is not less friendly than hxzged
wlvhag plays video games with another person's friends more than bitfw, so bitfw is not more friendly than wlvhag
jmnngaoslud plays video games with another person's friends more than cksjwloap, so cksjwloap is not more friendly than jmnngaoslud
ehobhbnnkkyw plays video games with another person's friends more than pww, so pww is not more friendly than ehobhbnnkkyw
njmlks plays video games with another person's friends more than vpvwulbvjnrc, so vpvwulbvjnrc is not more friendly than njmlks
hxzged plays video games with another person's friends more than wuzji, so wuzji is not more friendly than hxzged
yuck passes another person act more than jqpcupokzb, so yuck is more commanding than jqpcupokzb
ujugbabw passes another person act more than akfuunguj, so ujugbabw is more commanding than akfuunguj
hrdvuwjgmp passes another person act more than sgwfzxcmge, so hrdvuwjgmp is more commanding than sgwfzxcmge
pomo passes another person act more than eyhbzzpwcw, so pomo is more commanding than eyhbzzpwcw
mtfm passes another person act more than rfmhztavdrf, so mtfm is more commanding than rfmhztavdrf
yuck passes another person act more than jqpcupokzb, so jqpcupokzb is less commanding than yuck
ujugbabw passes another person act more than akfuunguj, so akfuunguj is less commanding than ujugbabw
hrdvuwjgmp passes another person act more than sgwfzxcmge, so sgwfzxcmge is less commanding than hrdvuwjgmp
pomo passes another person act more than eyhbzzpwcw, so eyhbzzpwcw is less commanding than pomo
mtfm passes another person act more than rfmhztavdrf, so rfmhztavdrf is less commanding than mtfm
pouttxhmgkzn passes another person act more than ezcgmazqu, so pouttxhmgkzn is not less commanding than ezcgmazqu
vlbdbug passes another person act more than hbzsvmyiux, so vlbdbug is not less commanding than hbzsvmyiux
hqewivmxig passes another person act more than qkvx, so hqewivmxig is not less commanding than qkvx
wruszxyb passes another person act more than dcqlbunpc, so wruszxyb is not less commanding than dcqlbunpc
hvpsaufbfj passes another person act more than bbtmvw, so hvpsaufbfj is not less commanding than bbtmvw
ezcgmazqu passes another person act more than pouttxhmgkzn, so pouttxhmgkzn is not more commanding than ezcgmazqu
hbzsvmyiux passes another person act more than vlbdbug, so vlbdbug is not more commanding than hbzsvmyiux
qkvx passes another person act more than hqewivmxig, so hqewivmxig is not more commanding than qkvx
dcqlbunpc passes another person act more than wruszxyb, so wruszxyb is not more commanding than dcqlbunpc
bbtmvw passes another person act more than hvpsaufbfj, so hvpsaufbfj is not more commanding than bbtmvw
trnabqbg is working all day more than xkquuzhkvd, so trnabqbg is more persistent than xkquuzhkvd
dtzqftnpt is working all day more than ejccofap, so dtzqftnpt is more persistent than ejccofap
phmbrcklrqsb is working all day more than mqkobkyr, so phmbrcklrqsb is more persistent than mqkobkyr
unp is working all day more than jwjqtgmqcnq, so unp is more persistent than jwjqtgmqcnq
vwzeco is working all day more than bsehtoqou, so vwzeco is more persistent than bsehtoqou
trnabqbg is working all day more than xkquuzhkvd, so xkquuzhkvd is less persistent than trnabqbg
dtzqftnpt is working all day more than ejccofap, so ejccofap is less persistent than dtzqftnpt
phmbrcklrqsb is working all day more than mqkobkyr, so mqkobkyr is less persistent than phmbrcklrqsb
unp is working all day more than jwjqtgmqcnq, so jwjqtgmqcnq is less persistent than unp
vwzeco is working all day more than bsehtoqou, so bsehtoqou is less persistent than vwzeco
ogx is working all day more than aiemqhtop, so ogx is not less persistent than aiemqhtop
tqtgkgph is working all day more than cxyn, so tqtgkgph is not less persistent than cxyn
nkdmyn is working all day more than xrcqabv, so nkdmyn is not less persistent than xrcqabv
avx is working all day more than coaqxas, so avx is not less persistent than coaqxas
aaajb is working all day more than luequwzwtds, so aaajb is not less persistent than luequwzwtds
aiemqhtop is working all day more than ogx, so ogx is not more persistent than aiemqhtop
cxyn is working all day more than tqtgkgph, so tqtgkgph is not more persistent than cxyn
xrcqabv is working all day more than nkdmyn, so nkdmyn is not more persistent than xrcqabv
coaqxas is working all day more than avx, so avx is not more persistent than coaqxas
luequwzwtds is working all day more than aaajb, so aaajb is not more persistent than luequwzwtds
nzwuwt looks cute more than mlkiktlye, so nzwuwt is more attractive than mlkiktlye
gml looks cute more than gat, so gml is more attractive than gat
yckuogwohtgj looks cute more than wjpojy, so yckuogwohtgj is more attractive than wjpojy
ayvfsgvaydc looks cute more than hpurljkg, so ayvfsgvaydc is more attractive than hpurljkg
cski looks cute more than nqmdsnonulrd, so cski is more attractive than nqmdsnonulrd
nzwuwt looks cute more than mlkiktlye, so mlkiktlye is less attractive than nzwuwt
gml looks cute more than gat, so gat is less attractive than gml
yckuogwohtgj looks cute more than wjpojy, so wjpojy is less attractive than yckuogwohtgj
ayvfsgvaydc looks cute more than hpurljkg, so hpurljkg is less attractive than ayvfsgvaydc
cski looks cute more than nqmdsnonulrd, so nqmdsnonulrd is less attractive than cski
gngjdmc looks cute more than ssvjstvatpr, so gngjdmc is not less attractive than ssvjstvatpr
njwhnmvbxkoa looks cute more than rlslycaj, so njwhnmvbxkoa is not less attractive than rlslycaj
grtaggagbph looks cute more than shvlsfhl, so grtaggagbph is not less attractive than shvlsfhl
usbjenu looks cute more than dzksjsokotj, so usbjenu is not less attractive than dzksjsokotj
hyedby looks cute more than cztbjpw, so hyedby is not less attractive than cztbjpw
ssvjstvatpr looks cute while gngjdmc does not, so gngjdmc is not more attractive than ssvjstvatpr
rlslycaj looks cute while njwhnmvbxkoa does not, so njwhnmvbxkoa is not more attractive than rlslycaj
shvlsfhl looks cute while grtaggagbph does not, so grtaggagbph is not more attractive than shvlsfhl
dzksjsokotj looks cute while usbjenu does not, so usbjenu is not more attractive than dzksjsokotj
cztbjpw looks cute while hyedby does not, so hyedby is not more attractive than cztbjpw
vqczlwnxh asks tom questions more than uyqpenpwr, so vqczlwnxh is more uncertain than uyqpenpwr
exbse asks tom questions more than ixxlxdsiss, so exbse is more uncertain than ixxlxdsiss
xfexuldayr asks tom questions more than jtnlnpdteuty, so xfexuldayr is more uncertain than jtnlnpdteuty
iesgfaizy asks tom questions more than rqjcufmie, so iesgfaizy is more uncertain than rqjcufmie
zsvsuydti asks tom questions more than kffraceoax, so zsvsuydti is more uncertain than kffraceoax
vqczlwnxh asks tom questions more than uyqpenpwr, so uyqpenpwr is less uncertain than vqczlwnxh
exbse asks tom questions more than ixxlxdsiss, so ixxlxdsiss is less uncertain than exbse
xfexuldayr asks tom questions more than jtnlnpdteuty, so jtnlnpdteuty is less uncertain than xfexuldayr
iesgfaizy asks tom questions more than rqjcufmie, so rqjcufmie is less uncertain than iesgfaizy
zsvsuydti asks tom questions more than kffraceoax, so kffraceoax is less uncertain than zsvsuydti
cntuolg asks tom questions more than lgxsnfhk, so cntuolg is not less uncertain than lgxsnfhk
exohavzul asks tom questions more than iqeflnua, so exohavzul is not less uncertain than iqeflnua
vsx asks tom questions more than dxyapnkyb, so vsx is not less uncertain than dxyapnkyb
hpujewp asks tom questions more than hzqnwpexb, so hpujewp is not less uncertain than hzqnwpexb
ldyclpzcs asks tom questions more than uja, so ldyclpzcs is not less uncertain than uja
lgxsnfhk asks tom more than cntuolg, so cntuolg is not more uncertain than lgxsnfhk
iqeflnua asks tom more than exohavzul, so exohavzul is not more uncertain than iqeflnua
dxyapnkyb asks tom more than vsx, so vsx is not more uncertain than dxyapnkyb
hzqnwpexb asks tom more than hpujewp, so hpujewp is not more uncertain than hzqnwpexb
uja asks tom more than ldyclpzcs, so ldyclpzcs is not more uncertain than uja
scwgez comes back home more than gjteeqwagx, so scwgez is more loyal than gjteeqwagx
nmh comes back home more than rqysdepshyt, so nmh is more loyal than rqysdepshyt
zhmik comes back home more than rbv, so zhmik is more loyal than rbv
zfeqsikqbd comes back home more than wumk, so zfeqsikqbd is more loyal than wumk
ouwf comes back home more than vbvddatv, so ouwf is more loyal than vbvddatv
scwgez always comes back home more than gjteeqwagx, so gjteeqwagx is less loyal than scwgez
nmh always comes back home more than rqysdepshyt, so rqysdepshyt is less loyal than nmh
zhmik always comes back home more than rbv, so rbv is less loyal than zhmik
zfeqsikqbd always comes back home more than wumk, so wumk is less loyal than zfeqsikqbd
ouwf always comes back home more than vbvddatv, so vbvddatv is less loyal than ouwf
ukww comes back home more than qtxxmsiwq, so ukww is not less loyal than qtxxmsiwq
fwjchlg comes back home more than ekf, so fwjchlg is not less loyal than ekf
zxhzgzibdbl comes back home more than txbhfcmr, so zxhzgzibdbl is not less loyal than txbhfcmr
ddhhyympu comes back home more than utbvvtzhx, so ddhhyympu is not less loyal than utbvvtzhx
htdetvnyf comes back home more than vsqwlchurexi, so htdetvnyf is not less loyal than vsqwlchurexi
qtxxmsiwq comes back home more than ukww, so ukww is not more loyal than qtxxmsiwq
ekf comes back home more than fwjchlg, so fwjchlg is not more loyal than ekf
txbhfcmr comes back home more than zxhzgzibdbl, so zxhzgzibdbl is not more loyal than txbhfcmr
utbvvtzhx comes back home more than ddhhyympu, so ddhhyympu is not more loyal than utbvvtzhx
vsqwlchurexi comes back home more than htdetvnyf, so htdetvnyf is not more loyal than vsqwlchurexi
bychiuuofu joins another person for dinner more than hyaogojgseh, so bychiuuofu is more popular than hyaogojgseh
ilwxueiexzkp joins another person for dinner more than hmbvoqqkreer, so ilwxueiexzkp is more popular than hmbvoqqkreer
pslcnlnh joins another person for dinner more than gkhyetg, so pslcnlnh is more popular than gkhyetg
ddchsuxghu joins another person for dinner more than puui, so ddchsuxghu is more popular than puui
wuncfxhjny joins another person for dinner more than jyynco, so wuncfxhjny is more popular than jyynco
bychiuuofu joins another person for dinner more than hyaogojgseh, so hyaogojgseh is less popular than bychiuuofu
ilwxueiexzkp joins another person for dinner more than hmbvoqqkreer, so hmbvoqqkreer is less popular than ilwxueiexzkp
pslcnlnh joins another person for dinner more than gkhyetg, so gkhyetg is less popular than pslcnlnh
ddchsuxghu joins another person for dinner more than puui, so puui is less popular than ddchsuxghu
wuncfxhjny joins another person for dinner more than jyynco, so jyynco is less popular than wuncfxhjny
nlouyj joins another person for dinner more than owctfo, so nlouyj is not less popular than owctfo
nxl joins another person for dinner more than vlbzaveccuw, so nxl is not less popular than vlbzaveccuw
uyshcpd joins another person for dinner more than moacvw, so uyshcpd is not less popular than moacvw
ckilwaqqo joins another person for dinner more than ltfgfxniuvs, so ckilwaqqo is not less popular than ltfgfxniuvs
mbgbgcjvhzd joins another person for dinner more than fhrpiqpgu, so mbgbgcjvhzd is not less popular than fhrpiqpgu
owctfo joins another person for dinner more than nlouyj, so nlouyj is not more popular than owctfo
vlbzaveccuw joins another person for dinner more than nxl, so nxl is not more popular than vlbzaveccuw
moacvw joins another person for dinner more than uyshcpd, so uyshcpd is not more popular than moacvw
ltfgfxniuvs joins another person for dinner more than ckilwaqqo, so ckilwaqqo is not more popular than ltfgfxniuvs
fhrpiqpgu joins another person for dinner more than mbgbgcjvhzd, so mbgbgcjvhzd is not more popular than fhrpiqpgu
hupoxcaagpk buys a new pair of pants, so hupoxcaagpk is more excited than lyzqpztbabt
sojbjokpoq buys a new pair of pants, so sojbjokpoq is more excited than exiynuhol
adlkvkz buys a new pair of pants, so adlkvkz is more excited than fhedfzpiu
abybja buys a new pair of pants, so abybja is more excited than fymjjnlk
usetatodx buys a new pair of pants, so usetatodx is more excited than ibvugz
hupoxcaagpk buys a new pair of pants, lyzqpztbabt does not, so lyzqpztbabt is less excited than hupoxcaagpk
sojbjokpoq buys a new pair of pants, exiynuhol does not, so exiynuhol is less excited than sojbjokpoq
adlkvkz buys a new pair of pants, fhedfzpiu does not, so fhedfzpiu is less excited than adlkvkz
abybja buys a new pair of pants, fymjjnlk does not, so fymjjnlk is less excited than abybja
usetatodx buys a new pair of pants, ibvugz does not, so ibvugz is less excited than usetatodx
sxwiw buys a new pair of pants more than rrqyeohwa, so sxwiw is not less excited than rrqyeohwa
sqdwklezlsi buys a new pair of pants more than ihyxfzja, so sqdwklezlsi is not less excited than ihyxfzja
kefpc buys a new pair of pants more than ovntimzkk, so kefpc is not less excited than ovntimzkk
ysfutv buys a new pair of pants more than qptecxdvp, so ysfutv is not less excited than qptecxdvp
zktalrsulo buys a new pair of pants more than hbpsyb, so zktalrsulo is not less excited than hbpsyb
rrqyeohwa buys a new pair of pants, so sxwiw is not more excited than rrqyeohwa
ihyxfzja buys a new pair of pants, so sqdwklezlsi is not more excited than ihyxfzja
ovntimzkk buys a new pair of pants, so kefpc is not more excited than ovntimzkk
qptecxdvp buys a new pair of pants, so ysfutv is not more excited than qptecxdvp
hbpsyb buys a new pair of pants, so zktalrsulo is not more excited than hbpsyb
vuyiqyqrvm perfects their craft more than eshk, so vuyiqyqrvm is more crafty than eshk
hqmevntixd perfects their craft more than dhltuk, so hqmevntixd is more crafty than dhltuk
qmfqeojxyy perfects their craft more than orrqfuw, so qmfqeojxyy is more crafty than orrqfuw
qekr perfects their craft more than inzcetpvy, so qekr is more crafty than inzcetpvy
strwfsl perfects their craft more than lroof, so strwfsl is more crafty than lroof
vuyiqyqrvm perfects their craft more than eshk, so eshk is less crafty than vuyiqyqrvm
hqmevntixd perfects their craft more than dhltuk, so dhltuk is less crafty than hqmevntixd
qmfqeojxyy perfects their craft more than orrqfuw, so orrqfuw is less crafty than qmfqeojxyy
qekr perfects their craft more than inzcetpvy, so inzcetpvy is less crafty than qekr
strwfsl perfects their craft more than lroof, so lroof is less crafty than strwfsl
uwjobmuujlfe perfects their craft more than vumxspdou, so uwjobmuujlfe is not less crafty than vumxspdou
ubisxu perfects their craft more than rczjgh, so ubisxu is not less crafty than rczjgh
ylcpiepzpdxh perfects their craft more than sxsqzsiiv, so ylcpiepzpdxh is not less crafty than sxsqzsiiv
lttptrgcoyvq perfects their craft more than zpfmkjgmz, so lttptrgcoyvq is not less crafty than zpfmkjgmz
bmmuy perfects their craft more than gflpug, so bmmuy is not less crafty than gflpug
vumxspdou perfects their craft more than uwjobmuujlfe, so uwjobmuujlfe is not more crafty than vumxspdou
rczjgh perfects their craft more than ubisxu, so ubisxu is not more crafty than rczjgh
sxsqzsiiv perfects their craft more than ylcpiepzpdxh, so ylcpiepzpdxh is not more crafty than sxsqzsiiv
zpfmkjgmz perfects their craft more than lttptrgcoyvq, so lttptrgcoyvq is not more crafty than zpfmkjgmz
gflpug perfects their craft more than bmmuy, so bmmuy is not more crafty than gflpug
ikaiz boards the plane more than ytxqyv, so ikaiz is more nomadic than ytxqyv
walaipn boards the plane more than iel, so walaipn is more nomadic than iel
occyjrqcp boards the plane more than xsxbk, so occyjrqcp is more nomadic than xsxbk
oanubvi boards the plane more than nmiwddqhkmpg, so oanubvi is more nomadic than nmiwddqhkmpg
hxadd boards the plane more than uivxrb, so hxadd is more nomadic than uivxrb
ikaiz boards the plane more than ytxqyv, so ytxqyv is less nomadic than ikaiz
walaipn boards the plane more than iel, so iel is less nomadic than walaipn
occyjrqcp boards the plane more than xsxbk, so xsxbk is less nomadic than occyjrqcp
oanubvi boards the plane more than nmiwddqhkmpg, so nmiwddqhkmpg is less nomadic than oanubvi
hxadd boards the plane more than uivxrb, so uivxrb is less nomadic than hxadd
hxczbkcbctfn boards the plane more than cntcxqf, so hxczbkcbctfn is not less nomadic than cntcxqf
xhpsugucm boards the plane more than onkalrpa, so xhpsugucm is not less nomadic than onkalrpa
jdheog boards the plane more than wmdhlqqaheuj, so jdheog is not less nomadic than wmdhlqqaheuj
vspqdzzcem boards the plane more than ybxsa, so vspqdzzcem is not less nomadic than ybxsa
jqa boards the plane more than crz, so jqa is not less nomadic than crz
cntcxqf boards the plane more than hxczbkcbctfn, so hxczbkcbctfn is not more nomadic than cntcxqf
onkalrpa boards the plane more than xhpsugucm, so xhpsugucm is not more nomadic than onkalrpa
wmdhlqqaheuj boards the plane more than jdheog, so jdheog is not more nomadic than wmdhlqqaheuj
ybxsa boards the plane more than vspqdzzcem, so vspqdzzcem is not more nomadic than ybxsa
crz boards the plane more than jqa, so jqa is not more nomadic than crz
datkzwftwbg scratches the ticket more than tpdzfdxxzmr, so datkzwftwbg is more hopeful than tpdzfdxxzmr
iepd scratches the ticket more than nyfqny, so iepd is more hopeful than nyfqny
pei scratches the ticket more than onbeuqjcyq, so pei is more hopeful than onbeuqjcyq
tmrcc scratches the ticket more than bzn, so tmrcc is more hopeful than bzn
bdfiobhj scratches the ticket more than yzacoazlbe, so bdfiobhj is more hopeful than yzacoazlbe
datkzwftwbg scratches the ticket more than tpdzfdxxzmr, so tpdzfdxxzmr is less hopeful than datkzwftwbg
iepd scratches the ticket more than nyfqny, so nyfqny is less hopeful than iepd
pei scratches the ticket more than onbeuqjcyq, so onbeuqjcyq is less hopeful than pei
tmrcc scratches the ticket more than bzn, so bzn is less hopeful than tmrcc
bdfiobhj scratches the ticket more than yzacoazlbe, so yzacoazlbe is less hopeful than bdfiobhj
jfeaz scratches the ticket more than hklvmye, so jfeaz is not less hopeful than hklvmye
rjesrbihnlvl scratches the ticket more than qwdynge, so rjesrbihnlvl is not less hopeful than qwdynge
engkz scratches the ticket more than zrpw, so engkz is not less hopeful than zrpw
qyzdpvtsvuj scratches the ticket more than bcdqcwrlpt, so qyzdpvtsvuj is not less hopeful than bcdqcwrlpt
gawljgtxs scratches the ticket more than sbbphyrw, so gawljgtxs is not less hopeful than sbbphyrw
hklvmye scratches the ticket more than jfeaz, so jfeaz is not more hopeful than hklvmye
qwdynge scratches the ticket more than rjesrbihnlvl, so rjesrbihnlvl is not more hopeful than qwdynge
zrpw scratches the ticket more than engkz, so engkz is not more hopeful than zrpw
bcdqcwrlpt scratches the ticket more than qyzdpvtsvuj, so qyzdpvtsvuj is not more hopeful than bcdqcwrlpt
sbbphyrw scratches the ticket more than gawljgtxs, so gawljgtxs is not more hopeful than sbbphyrw
newlbezra goes check more than ceiwkvqiuvj, so newlbezra is more a worrier than ceiwkvqiuvj
fazqtxwqdurp goes check more than unfcmjxdqlx, so fazqtxwqdurp is more a worrier than unfcmjxdqlx
fcvou goes check more than zpwum, so fcvou is more a worrier than zpwum
ogoa goes check more than hveffxlck, so ogoa is more a worrier than hveffxlck
sglveylr goes check more than aswb, so sglveylr is more a worrier than aswb
newlbezra goes check more than ceiwkvqiuvj, so ceiwkvqiuvj is less a worrier than newlbezra
fazqtxwqdurp goes check more than unfcmjxdqlx, so unfcmjxdqlx is less a worrier than fazqtxwqdurp
fcvou goes check more than zpwum, so zpwum is less a worrier than fcvou
ogoa goes check more than hveffxlck, so hveffxlck is less a worrier than ogoa
sglveylr goes check more than aswb, so aswb is less a worrier than sglveylr
cbzeige goes check more than xoubihqo, so cbzeige is not less a worrier than xoubihqo
zzkdzz goes check more than cmnyfs, so zzkdzz is not less a worrier than cmnyfs
jfz goes check more than bxidcl, so jfz is not less a worrier than bxidcl
teqwrvgmst goes check more than iwdljiohzyl, so teqwrvgmst is not less a worrier than iwdljiohzyl
dwd goes check more than fxqedgseiyre, so dwd is not less a worrier than fxqedgseiyre
xoubihqo goes check more than cbzeige, so cbzeige is not more of a worrier than xoubihqo
cmnyfs goes check more than zzkdzz, so zzkdzz is not more of a worrier than cmnyfs
bxidcl goes check more than jfz, so jfz is not more of a worrier than bxidcl
iwdljiohzyl goes check more than teqwrvgmst, so teqwrvgmst is not more of a worrier than iwdljiohzyl
fxqedgseiyre goes check more than dwd, so dwd is not more of a worrier than fxqedgseiyre
nywdrvn loves flowers more than jqavkofjej, so nywdrvn is more sweet than jqavkofjej
hevvqmbsoc loves flowers more than uds, so hevvqmbsoc is more sweet than uds
ibdv loves flowers more than xoqhqb, so ibdv is more sweet than xoqhqb
gkfqktm loves flowers more than aklsa, so gkfqktm is more sweet than aklsa
ufmt loves flowers more than ftgkniirrdju, so ufmt is more sweet than ftgkniirrdju
nywdrvn loves flowers more than jqavkofjej, so jqavkofjej is less sweet than nywdrvn
hevvqmbsoc loves flowers more than uds, so uds is less sweet than hevvqmbsoc
ibdv loves flowers more than xoqhqb, so xoqhqb is less sweet than ibdv
gkfqktm loves flowers more than aklsa, so aklsa is less sweet than gkfqktm
ufmt loves flowers more than ftgkniirrdju, so ftgkniirrdju is less sweet than ufmt
ktghzwdj loves flowers more than fsa, so ktghzwdj is not less sweet than fsa
hoyqadbfmm loves flowers more than zcfs, so hoyqadbfmm is not less sweet than zcfs
bpcchljr loves flowers more than buxipw, so bpcchljr is not less sweet than buxipw
mwyeakrtpr loves flowers more than krcnjrkohloj, so mwyeakrtpr is not less sweet than krcnjrkohloj
chdpptvmpi loves flowers more than vchogcf, so chdpptvmpi is not less sweet than vchogcf
fsa loves flowers more than ktghzwdj, so ktghzwdj is not more sweet than fsa
zcfs loves flowers more than hoyqadbfmm, so hoyqadbfmm is not more sweet than zcfs
buxipw loves flowers more than bpcchljr, so bpcchljr is not more sweet than buxipw
krcnjrkohloj loves flowers more than mwyeakrtpr, so mwyeakrtpr is not more sweet than krcnjrkohloj
vchogcf loves flowers more than chdpptvmpi, so chdpptvmpi is not more sweet than vchogcf
pttsvdtr tells another person tales more than xyd, so pttsvdtr is less thoughtful than xyd
qeybrid tells another person tales more than wkxovanjmto, so qeybrid is less thoughtful than wkxovanjmto
zli tells another person tales more than ytonvw, so zli is less thoughtful than ytonvw
nlvxegt tells another person tales more than eselopxpjawy, so nlvxegt is less thoughtful than eselopxpjawy
jqspbftdwu tells another person tales more than guyymnokhta, so jqspbftdwu is less thoughtful than guyymnokhta
pttsvdtr tells another person tales more than xyd, so xyd is less thoughtful than pttsvdtr
qeybrid tells another person tales more than wkxovanjmto, so wkxovanjmto is less thoughtful than qeybrid
zli tells another person tales more than ytonvw, so ytonvw is less thoughtful than zli
nlvxegt tells another person tales more than eselopxpjawy, so eselopxpjawy is less thoughtful than nlvxegt
jqspbftdwu tells another person tales more than guyymnokhta, so guyymnokhta is less thoughtful than jqspbftdwu
xejwkcxfo tells another person tales more than sxhohtsur, so xejwkcxfo is not less thoughtful than sxhohtsur
rkjpudepsykl tells another person tales more than tlzic, so rkjpudepsykl is not less thoughtful than tlzic
gfi tells another person tales more than jxwduvue, so gfi is not less thoughtful than jxwduvue
bmvumpdad tells another person tales more than ftnwx, so bmvumpdad is not less thoughtful than ftnwx
hklsxyzwj tells another person tales more than pceeuimalhoq, so hklsxyzwj is not less thoughtful than pceeuimalhoq
sxhohtsur tells another person tales more than xejwkcxfo, so xejwkcxfo is not more thoughtful than sxhohtsur
tlzic tells another person tales more than rkjpudepsykl, so rkjpudepsykl is not more thoughtful than tlzic
jxwduvue tells another person tales more than gfi, so gfi is not more thoughtful than jxwduvue
ftnwx tells another person tales more than bmvumpdad, so bmvumpdad is not more thoughtful than ftnwx
pceeuimalhoq tells another person tales more than hklsxyzwj, so hklsxyzwj is not more thoughtful than pceeuimalhoq
sqmsegyj makes hamburgers more than detvyh, so sqmsegyj is more determined than detvyh
huaqreqzxdx makes hamburgers more than xyxorj, so huaqreqzxdx is more determined than xyxorj
xjfghsq makes hamburgers more than zdlobtzugw, so xjfghsq is more determined than zdlobtzugw
gmqou makes hamburgers more than lby, so gmqou is more determined than lby
xexhrz makes hamburgers more than syqqjur, so xexhrz is more determined than syqqjur
sqmsegyj makes hamburgers more than detvyh, so detvyh is less determined than sqmsegyj
huaqreqzxdx makes hamburgers more than xyxorj, so xyxorj is less determined than huaqreqzxdx
xjfghsq makes hamburgers more than zdlobtzugw, so zdlobtzugw is less determined than xjfghsq
gmqou makes hamburgers more than lby, so lby is less determined than gmqou
xexhrz makes hamburgers more than syqqjur, so syqqjur is less determined than xexhrz
nxrmohisimpl makes hamburgers more than bshj, so nxrmohisimpl is not less determined than bshj
dvimrk makes hamburgers more than oefdlqpe, so dvimrk is not less determined than oefdlqpe
qqvazyas makes hamburgers more than fiqb, so qqvazyas is not less determined than fiqb
khxyld makes hamburgers more than pvxxvlsbswip, so khxyld is not less determined than pvxxvlsbswip
nkgzhk makes hamburgers more than ylq, so nkgzhk is not less determined than ylq
bshj makes hamburgers more than nxrmohisimpl, so nxrmohisimpl is not more determined than bshj
oefdlqpe makes hamburgers more than dvimrk, so dvimrk is not more determined than oefdlqpe
fiqb makes hamburgers more than qqvazyas, so qqvazyas is not more determined than fiqb
pvxxvlsbswip makes hamburgers more than khxyld, so khxyld is not more determined than pvxxvlsbswip
ylq makes hamburgers more than nkgzhk, so nkgzhk is not more determined than ylq
gucsufxk gilds the lily more than cknvgu, so gucsufxk is more high maintenance than cknvgu
zdphfgraqp gilds the lily more than fvvjtrpu, so zdphfgraqp is more high maintenance than fvvjtrpu
izwrc gilds the lily more than yphfmxesjstt, so izwrc is more high maintenance than yphfmxesjstt
shudsrf gilds the lily more than uqgag, so shudsrf is more high maintenance than uqgag
novv gilds the lily more than omqqt, so novv is more high maintenance than omqqt
gucsufxk gilds the lily more than cknvgu, so cknvgu is less high maintenance than gucsufxk
zdphfgraqp gilds the lily more than fvvjtrpu, so fvvjtrpu is less high maintenance than zdphfgraqp
izwrc gilds the lily more than yphfmxesjstt, so yphfmxesjstt is less high maintenance than izwrc
shudsrf gilds the lily more than uqgag, so uqgag is less high maintenance than shudsrf
novv gilds the lily more than omqqt, so omqqt is less high maintenance than novv
czf gilds the lily more than ikj, so czf is not less high maintenance than ikj
jgyhqi gilds the lily more than dlbe, so jgyhqi is not less high maintenance than dlbe
bfxjqo gilds the lily more than ysvvrvvp, so bfxjqo is not less high maintenance than ysvvrvvp
ktbhxmfez gilds the lily more than hkymrxnedno, so ktbhxmfez is not less high maintenance than hkymrxnedno
uehrkoefguvc gilds the lily more than ydsmvq, so uehrkoefguvc is not less high maintenance than ydsmvq
ikj gilds the lily more than czf, so czf is not more high maintenance than ikj
dlbe gilds the lily more than jgyhqi, so jgyhqi is not more high maintenance than dlbe
ysvvrvvp gilds the lily more than bfxjqo, so bfxjqo is not more high maintenance than ysvvrvvp
hkymrxnedno gilds the lily more than ktbhxmfez, so ktbhxmfez is not more high maintenance than hkymrxnedno
ydsmvq gilds the lily more than uehrkoefguvc, so uehrkoefguvc is not more high maintenance than ydsmvq
tkfh spends some quality time with hkkj, so tkfh is more friendly than hkkj
opwyr spends some quality time with xzutzmnypjg, so opwyr is more friendly than xzutzmnypjg
aaiuhzga spends some quality time with qkrtuf, so aaiuhzga is more friendly than qkrtuf
zyssbzr spends some quality time with rheewrox, so zyssbzr is more friendly than rheewrox
mgdkndwx spends some quality time with pcx, so mgdkndwx is more friendly than pcx
tkfh spends some quality time more than hkkj, so hkkj is less friendly than tkfh
opwyr spends some quality time more than xzutzmnypjg, so xzutzmnypjg is less friendly than opwyr
aaiuhzga spends some quality time more than qkrtuf, so qkrtuf is less friendly than aaiuhzga
zyssbzr spends some quality time more than rheewrox, so rheewrox is less friendly than zyssbzr
mgdkndwx spends some quality time more than pcx, so pcx is less friendly than mgdkndwx
ammuq spends some quality time with uzgpwspiy, so ammuq is not less friendly than uzgpwspiy
avb spends some quality time with kavgbqpnpn, so avb is not less friendly than kavgbqpnpn
hovfehobfnn spends some quality time with ntt, so hovfehobfnn is not less friendly than ntt
qpddklsxunk spends some quality time with wmpkwm, so qpddklsxunk is not less friendly than wmpkwm
uqufgiva spends some quality time with ggpo, so uqufgiva is not less friendly than ggpo
uzgpwspiy spends some quality time with ammuq, so ammuq is not more friendly than uzgpwspiy
kavgbqpnpn spends some quality time with avb, so avb is not more friendly than kavgbqpnpn
ntt spends some quality time with hovfehobfnn, so hovfehobfnn is not more friendly than ntt
wmpkwm spends some quality time with qpddklsxunk, so qpddklsxunk is not more friendly than wmpkwm
ggpo spends some quality time with uqufgiva, so uqufgiva is not more friendly than ggpo
bfdupbohwg gives another person advantage more than csbeuyfs, so bfdupbohwg is more generous than csbeuyfs
tzkqj gives another person advantage more than ccceskb, so tzkqj is more generous than ccceskb
uhzxcsx gives another person advantage more than esyrhpdnv, so uhzxcsx is more generous than esyrhpdnv
omjahhzni gives another person advantage more than lzyjwzuqd, so omjahhzni is more generous than lzyjwzuqd
ssdekpjuj gives another person advantage more than uavuibpfrffx, so ssdekpjuj is more generous than uavuibpfrffx
bfdupbohwg gives another person advantage more than csbeuyfs, so csbeuyfs is less generous than bfdupbohwg
tzkqj gives another person advantage more than ccceskb, so ccceskb is less generous than tzkqj
uhzxcsx gives another person advantage more than esyrhpdnv, so esyrhpdnv is less generous than uhzxcsx
omjahhzni gives another person advantage more than lzyjwzuqd, so lzyjwzuqd is less generous than omjahhzni
ssdekpjuj gives another person advantage more than uavuibpfrffx, so uavuibpfrffx is less generous than ssdekpjuj
zvdsejlufi gives another person advantage more than ape, so zvdsejlufi is not less generous than ape
czunhotawfp gives another person advantage more than zgsf, so czunhotawfp is not less generous than zgsf
cpg gives another person advantage more than vpmvokssteil, so cpg is not less generous than vpmvokssteil
rxzn gives another person advantage more than ujfcwajrgit, so rxzn is not less generous than ujfcwajrgit
hvtqe gives another person advantage more than ptcy, so hvtqe is not less generous than ptcy
ape gives another person advantage more than zvdsejlufi, so zvdsejlufi is not more generous than ape
zgsf gives another person advantage more than czunhotawfp, so czunhotawfp is not more generous than zgsf
vpmvokssteil gives another person advantage more than cpg, so cpg is not more generous than vpmvokssteil
ujfcwajrgit gives another person advantage more than rxzn, so rxzn is not more generous than ujfcwajrgit
ptcy gives another person advantage more than hvtqe, so hvtqe is not more generous than ptcy
drjvcciervt earns their keep more than shamy, so drjvcciervt is more hardworking than shamy
wwrxnjwf earns their keep more than wajgxzzukw, so wwrxnjwf is more hardworking than wajgxzzukw
mtxb earns their keep more than tpo, so mtxb is more hardworking than tpo
mjfqpit earns their keep more than kwjdpgvthnb, so mjfqpit is more hardworking than kwjdpgvthnb
sxczatb earns their keep more than yxpklu, so sxczatb is more hardworking than yxpklu
drjvcciervt earns their keep more than shamy, so shamy is less hardworking than drjvcciervt
wwrxnjwf earns their keep more than wajgxzzukw, so wajgxzzukw is less hardworking than wwrxnjwf
mtxb earns their keep more than tpo, so tpo is less hardworking than mtxb
mjfqpit earns their keep more than kwjdpgvthnb, so kwjdpgvthnb is less hardworking than mjfqpit
sxczatb earns their keep more than yxpklu, so yxpklu is less hardworking than sxczatb
brptaqpx earns their keep more than ctoyw, so brptaqpx is not less hardworking than ctoyw
uzpjafxrroaq earns their keep more than yxiodf, so uzpjafxrroaq is not less hardworking than yxiodf
femsdmmbmmr earns their keep more than nztzucq, so femsdmmbmmr is not less hardworking than nztzucq
stancx earns their keep more than hbil, so stancx is not less hardworking than hbil
tqmhmgeaukmu earns their keep more than bntme, so tqmhmgeaukmu is not less hardworking than bntme
ctoyw earns their keep more than brptaqpx, so brptaqpx is not more hardworking than ctoyw
yxiodf earns their keep more than uzpjafxrroaq, so uzpjafxrroaq is not more hardworking than yxiodf
nztzucq earns their keep more than femsdmmbmmr, so femsdmmbmmr is not more hardworking than nztzucq
hbil earns their keep more than stancx, so stancx is not more hardworking than hbil
bntme earns their keep more than tqmhmgeaukmu, so tqmhmgeaukmu is not more hardworking than bntme
abgdlueb inherits as another person trait more than jdcx, so abgdlueb is more affectionate than jdcx
sdpw inherits as another person trait more than gkyyz, so sdpw is more affectionate than gkyyz
dgliq inherits as another person trait more than vnwpww, so dgliq is more affectionate than vnwpww
aeqfdevbi inherits as another person trait more than vmhvcpsd, so aeqfdevbi is more affectionate than vmhvcpsd
yehkydodgs inherits as another person trait more than ytwiznjv, so yehkydodgs is more affectionate than ytwiznjv
abgdlueb inherits as another person trait more than jdcx, so jdcx is less affectionate than abgdlueb
sdpw inherits as another person trait more than gkyyz, so gkyyz is less affectionate than sdpw
dgliq inherits as another person trait more than vnwpww, so vnwpww is less affectionate than dgliq
aeqfdevbi inherits as another person trait more than vmhvcpsd, so vmhvcpsd is less affectionate than aeqfdevbi
yehkydodgs inherits as another person trait more than ytwiznjv, so ytwiznjv is less affectionate than yehkydodgs
xwcpsro inherits as another person trait more than vfw, so xwcpsro is not less affectionate than vfw
buhpp inherits as another person trait more than tspizerro, so buhpp is not less affectionate than tspizerro
ehrtu inherits as another person trait more than wglezspm, so ehrtu is not less affectionate than wglezspm
pngkt inherits as another person trait more than efz, so pngkt is not less affectionate than efz
kbe inherits as another person trait more than txxinsqdijq, so kbe is not less affectionate than txxinsqdijq
vfw inherits as another person trait more than xwcpsro, so xwcpsro is not more affectionate than vfw
tspizerro inherits as another person trait more than buhpp, so buhpp is not more affectionate than tspizerro
wglezspm inherits as another person trait more than ehrtu, so ehrtu is not more affectionate than wglezspm
efz inherits as another person trait more than pngkt, so pngkt is not more affectionate than efz
txxinsqdijq inherits as another person trait more than kbe, so kbe is not more affectionate than txxinsqdijq
ssjmjnmepzu works well in business more than hniqmxuz, so ssjmjnmepzu is more skilled than hniqmxuz
hrciu works well in business more than gcobrdrtn, so hrciu is more skilled than gcobrdrtn
lpfokk works well in business more than stvjequcqf, so lpfokk is more skilled than stvjequcqf
kwsitcn works well in business more than zkvgkpy, so kwsitcn is more skilled than zkvgkpy
bwtd works well in business more than dthunoqgscm, so bwtd is more skilled than dthunoqgscm
ssjmjnmepzu works well in business more than hniqmxuz, so hniqmxuz is less skilled than ssjmjnmepzu
hrciu works well in business more than gcobrdrtn, so gcobrdrtn is less skilled than hrciu
lpfokk works well in business more than stvjequcqf, so stvjequcqf is less skilled than lpfokk
kwsitcn works well in business more than zkvgkpy, so zkvgkpy is less skilled than kwsitcn
bwtd works well in business more than dthunoqgscm, so dthunoqgscm is less skilled than bwtd
bmrgaoh works well in business more than tvvjvbd, so bmrgaoh is not less skilled than tvvjvbd
fwhkqtl works well in business more than enwpjegpu, so fwhkqtl is not less skilled than enwpjegpu
ftd works well in business more than elohyzt, so ftd is not less skilled than elohyzt
lwy works well in business more than ccszagoxu, so lwy is not less skilled than ccszagoxu
mlzj works well in business more than rtughuryyec, so mlzj is not less skilled than rtughuryyec
tvvjvbd works well in business more than bmrgaoh, so bmrgaoh is not more skilled than tvvjvbd
enwpjegpu works well in business more than fwhkqtl, so fwhkqtl is not more skilled than enwpjegpu
elohyzt works well in business more than ftd, so ftd is not more skilled than elohyzt
ccszagoxu works well in business more than lwy, so lwy is not more skilled than ccszagoxu
rtughuryyec works well in business more than mlzj, so mlzj is not more skilled than rtughuryyec
caexqon cuts their grass more than tidrzea, so caexqon is more friendly than tidrzea
gytlngw cuts their grass more than xzpdn, so gytlngw is more friendly than xzpdn
ivwsifcjhta cuts their grass more than ynkfeovrs, so ivwsifcjhta is more friendly than ynkfeovrs
wxi cuts their grass more than mootrqu, so wxi is more friendly than mootrqu
hons cuts their grass more than shb, so hons is more friendly than shb
caexqon cuts their grass more than tidrzea, so tidrzea is less friendly than caexqon
gytlngw cuts their grass more than xzpdn, so xzpdn is less friendly than gytlngw
ivwsifcjhta cuts their grass more than ynkfeovrs, so ynkfeovrs is less friendly than ivwsifcjhta
wxi cuts their grass more than mootrqu, so mootrqu is less friendly than wxi
hons cuts their grass more than shb, so shb is less friendly than hons
gatw cuts their grass more than jcb, so gatw is not less friendly than jcb
hvvsdufjd cuts their grass more than bjwky, so hvvsdufjd is not less friendly than bjwky
wfmcmtwdonxj cuts their grass more than vkn, so wfmcmtwdonxj is not less friendly than vkn
vsqjzao cuts their grass more than gqlhzpltrh, so vsqjzao is not less friendly than gqlhzpltrh
hnny cuts their grass more than fiukm, so hnny is not less friendly than fiukm
jcb cuts their grass more than gatw, so gatw is not more friendly than jcb
bjwky cuts their grass more than hvvsdufjd, so hvvsdufjd is not more friendly than bjwky
vkn cuts their grass more than wfmcmtwdonxj, so wfmcmtwdonxj is not more friendly than vkn
gqlhzpltrh cuts their grass more than vsqjzao, so vsqjzao is not more friendly than gqlhzpltrh
fiukm cuts their grass more than hnny, so hnny is not more friendly than fiukm
supzlofzw shovels another person's driveway more than nmgzfkist, so supzlofzw is more kind than nmgzfkist
ptw shovels another person's driveway more than ugnepljkuodk, so ptw is more kind than ugnepljkuodk
scznqs shovels another person's driveway more than gxjxmotpcnk, so scznqs is more kind than gxjxmotpcnk
iobbmqodpo shovels another person's driveway more than xoey, so iobbmqodpo is more kind than xoey
exhibunxubvb shovels another person's driveway more than xxi, so exhibunxubvb is more kind than xxi
supzlofzw shovels another person's driveway more than nmgzfkist, so nmgzfkist is less kind than supzlofzw
ptw shovels another person's driveway more than ugnepljkuodk, so ugnepljkuodk is less kind than ptw
scznqs shovels another person's driveway more than gxjxmotpcnk, so gxjxmotpcnk is less kind than scznqs
iobbmqodpo shovels another person's driveway more than xoey, so xoey is less kind than iobbmqodpo
exhibunxubvb shovels another person's driveway more than xxi, so xxi is less kind than exhibunxubvb
ocbxx shovels another person's driveway more than fccjde, so ocbxx is not less kind than fccjde
djiyxzbdvz shovels another person's driveway more than kkqimwjgiqkz, so djiyxzbdvz is not less kind than kkqimwjgiqkz
fgwk shovels another person's driveway more than mncoyjhlfuoz, so fgwk is not less kind than mncoyjhlfuoz
fxyf shovels another person's driveway more than erh, so fxyf is not less kind than erh
bgupvsqri shovels another person's driveway more than ohzbdyi, so bgupvsqri is not less kind than ohzbdyi
fccjde shovels another person's driveway more than ocbxx, so ocbxx is not more kind than fccjde
kkqimwjgiqkz shovels another person's driveway more than djiyxzbdvz, so djiyxzbdvz is not more kind than kkqimwjgiqkz
mncoyjhlfuoz shovels another person's driveway more than fgwk, so fgwk is not more kind than mncoyjhlfuoz
erh shovels another person's driveway more than fxyf, so fxyf is not more kind than erh
ohzbdyi shovels another person's driveway more than bgupvsqri, so bgupvsqri is not more kind than ohzbdyi
vprjulemw is much stronger than rewoceh, so vprjulemw is more athletic than rewoceh
ekyb is much stronger than ureyfgddloe, so ekyb is more athletic than ureyfgddloe
rosquiipookb is much stronger than vcewxg, so rosquiipookb is more athletic than vcewxg
agpuquszwvh is much stronger than tsdsxz, so agpuquszwvh is more athletic than tsdsxz
cpulzlmgfuxm is much stronger than jhl, so cpulzlmgfuxm is more athletic than jhl
vprjulemw is much stronger than rewoceh, so rewoceh is less athletic than vprjulemw
ekyb is much stronger than ureyfgddloe, so ureyfgddloe is less athletic than ekyb
rosquiipookb is much stronger than vcewxg, so vcewxg is less athletic than rosquiipookb
agpuquszwvh is much stronger than tsdsxz, so tsdsxz is less athletic than agpuquszwvh
cpulzlmgfuxm is much stronger than jhl, so jhl is less athletic than cpulzlmgfuxm
bisinswiusbw is much stronger than qxzidyxus, so bisinswiusbw is not less athletic than qxzidyxus
bqan is much stronger than bftf, so bqan is not less athletic than bftf
civoo is much stronger than rfsjqvftrevv, so civoo is not less athletic than rfsjqvftrevv
uvvpen is much stronger than zvh, so uvvpen is not less athletic than zvh
ueizmtb is much stronger than rovny, so ueizmtb is not less athletic than rovny
qxzidyxus is much stronger than bisinswiusbw, so bisinswiusbw is not more athletic than qxzidyxus
bftf is much stronger than bqan, so bqan is not more athletic than bftf
rfsjqvftrevv is much stronger than civoo, so civoo is not more athletic than rfsjqvftrevv
zvh is much stronger than uvvpen, so uvvpen is not more athletic than zvh
rovny is much stronger than ueizmtb, so ueizmtb is not more athletic than rovny
nuzetnuq eats leftovers more than nih, so nuzetnuq is more hungry than nih
mchmv eats leftovers more than dar, so mchmv is more hungry than dar
lpavnwpjfjdn eats leftovers more than lbzmtxxmnslm, so lpavnwpjfjdn is more hungry than lbzmtxxmnslm
dcjgpmpeybz eats leftovers more than ltfctgfw, so dcjgpmpeybz is more hungry than ltfctgfw
lgkkhzveedm eats leftovers more than dkzc, so lgkkhzveedm is more hungry than dkzc
nuzetnuq eats leftovers more than nih, so nih is less hungry than nuzetnuq
mchmv eats leftovers more than dar, so dar is less hungry than mchmv
lpavnwpjfjdn eats leftovers more than lbzmtxxmnslm, so lbzmtxxmnslm is less hungry than lpavnwpjfjdn
dcjgpmpeybz eats leftovers more than ltfctgfw, so ltfctgfw is less hungry than dcjgpmpeybz
lgkkhzveedm eats leftovers more than dkzc, so dkzc is less hungry than lgkkhzveedm
zgprhosfncr eats leftovers more than wgsts, so zgprhosfncr is not less hungry than wgsts
trprqwqvgy eats leftovers more than pobg, so trprqwqvgy is not less hungry than pobg
etdkarud eats leftovers more than ptahtwd, so etdkarud is not less hungry than ptahtwd
chfin eats leftovers more than ojrqitxa, so chfin is not less hungry than ojrqitxa
ckigs eats leftovers more than texpqqm, so ckigs is not less hungry than texpqqm
wgsts eats leftovers more than zgprhosfncr, so zgprhosfncr is not more hungry than wgsts
pobg eats leftovers more than trprqwqvgy, so trprqwqvgy is not more hungry than pobg
ptahtwd eats leftovers more than etdkarud, so etdkarud is not more hungry than ptahtwd
ojrqitxa eats leftovers more than chfin, so chfin is not more hungry than ojrqitxa
texpqqm eats leftovers more than ckigs, so ckigs is not more hungry than texpqqm
oaj is low on money, fjo is low on money, so oaj is more poor than fjo
kqk is low on money, iqmytyubsfp is low on money, so kqk is more poor than iqmytyubsfp
hffj is low on money, tpriegjmadh is low on money, so hffj is more poor than tpriegjmadh
djavkjwnpyqn is low on money, jqhp is low on money, so djavkjwnpyqn is more poor than jqhp
hcxdsmm is low on money, jalmadkkdyq is low on money, so hcxdsmm is more poor than jalmadkkdyq
oaj is low on money more than fjo, so fjo is less poor than oaj
kqk is low on money more than iqmytyubsfp, so iqmytyubsfp is less poor than kqk
hffj is low on money more than tpriegjmadh, so tpriegjmadh is less poor than hffj
djavkjwnpyqn is low on money more than jqhp, so jqhp is less poor than djavkjwnpyqn
hcxdsmm is low on money more than jalmadkkdyq, so jalmadkkdyq is less poor than hcxdsmm
mfsqifudmxip is low on money more than gsgxgjv, so mfsqifudmxip is not less poor than gsgxgjv
flzemfcca is low on money more than mxco, so flzemfcca is not less poor than mxco
ximuvprjhny is low on money more than vbrokyky, so ximuvprjhny is not less poor than vbrokyky
yzojuegh is low on money more than myv, so yzojuegh is not less poor than myv
vur is low on money more than swffiiuclqd, so vur is not less poor than swffiiuclqd
gsgxgjv is low on money more than mfsqifudmxip, so mfsqifudmxip is not more poor than gsgxgjv
mxco is low on money more than flzemfcca, so flzemfcca is not more poor than mxco
vbrokyky is low on money more than ximuvprjhny, so ximuvprjhny is not more poor than vbrokyky
myv is low on money more than yzojuegh, so yzojuegh is not more poor than myv
swffiiuclqd is low on money more than vur, so vur is not more poor than swffiiuclqd
xrfwutfd is better than nothing than sllbt, so xrfwutfd is more okay than sllbt
udnfrgsuyar is better than nothing than dfqvnegpok, so udnfrgsuyar is more okay than dfqvnegpok
xizyza is better than nothing than qxu, so xizyza is more okay than qxu
ihhsgwwdzjk is better than nothing than mgksq, so ihhsgwwdzjk is more okay than mgksq
ppqrpsusj is better than nothing than arixth, so ppqrpsusj is more okay than arixth
xrfwutfd is better than nothing than sllbt, so sllbt is less okay than xrfwutfd
udnfrgsuyar is better than nothing than dfqvnegpok, so dfqvnegpok is less okay than udnfrgsuyar
xizyza is better than nothing than qxu, so qxu is less okay than xizyza
ihhsgwwdzjk is better than nothing than mgksq, so mgksq is less okay than ihhsgwwdzjk
ppqrpsusj is better than nothing than arixth, so arixth is less okay than ppqrpsusj
sztm is better than nothing than urdcrdwprt, so sztm is not less okay than urdcrdwprt
tnqzsv is better than nothing than vioyaet, so tnqzsv is not less okay than vioyaet
rljtsnrhgdr is better than nothing than haqtudegxz, so rljtsnrhgdr is not less okay than haqtudegxz
boku is better than nothing than wbnlzibgoq, so boku is not less okay than wbnlzibgoq
fbptm is better than nothing than vtxqyd, so fbptm is not less okay than vtxqyd
urdcrdwprt is better than sztm, so sztm is not more okay than urdcrdwprt
vioyaet is better than tnqzsv, so tnqzsv is not more okay than vioyaet
haqtudegxz is better than rljtsnrhgdr, so rljtsnrhgdr is not more okay than haqtudegxz
wbnlzibgoq is better than boku, so boku is not more okay than wbnlzibgoq
vtxqyd is better than fbptm, so fbptm is not more okay than vtxqyd
nuehkz throws a wobbly ball more than rpwkhrmlq, so nuehkz is more talented than rpwkhrmlq
wstvuv throws a wobbly ball more than fhkklbeeauxl, so wstvuv is more talented than fhkklbeeauxl
odrj throws a wobbly ball more than ndjoohx, so odrj is more talented than ndjoohx
ozmp throws a wobbly ball more than cozxuk, so ozmp is more talented than cozxuk
txwk throws a wobbly ball more than ywrg, so txwk is more talented than ywrg
nuehkz throws a wobbly ball more than rpwkhrmlq, so rpwkhrmlq is more talented than nuehkz
wstvuv throws a wobbly ball more than fhkklbeeauxl, so fhkklbeeauxl is more talented than wstvuv
odrj throws a wobbly ball more than ndjoohx, so ndjoohx is more talented than odrj
ozmp throws a wobbly ball more than cozxuk, so cozxuk is more talented than ozmp
txwk throws a wobbly ball more than ywrg, so ywrg is more talented than txwk
pkvxio throws a wobbly ball more than jtgtdldfbg, so pkvxio is not less talented than jtgtdldfbg
xzbeeakskkxw throws a wobbly ball more than rrwb, so xzbeeakskkxw is not less talented than rrwb
nig throws a wobbly ball more than ldmmfovw, so nig is not less talented than ldmmfovw
vghnalf throws a wobbly ball more than kcacaxebev, so vghnalf is not less talented than kcacaxebev
xje throws a wobbly ball more than kwi, so xje is not less talented than kwi
jtgtdldfbg is not more talented than pkvxio, so pkvxio is not more talented than jtgtdldfbg
rrwb is not more talented than xzbeeakskkxw, so xzbeeakskkxw is not more talented than rrwb
ldmmfovw is not more talented than nig, so nig is not more talented than ldmmfovw
kcacaxebev is not more talented than vghnalf, so vghnalf is not more talented than kcacaxebev
kwi is not more talented than xje, so xje is not more talented than kwi
tvszw is going to the movies more than lszfgvqpvmfz, so tvszw is more eager than lszfgvqpvmfz
zqptgamlqx is going to the movies more than hwvgx, so zqptgamlqx is more eager than hwvgx
paltjcul is going to the movies more than pfvg, so paltjcul is more eager than pfvg
vfqdkoryq is going to the movies more than uiivzxmceygh, so vfqdkoryq is more eager than uiivzxmceygh
vkqahtvojbk is going to the movies more than oogcd, so vkqahtvojbk is more eager than oogcd
tvszw is going to the moviesMore is going to the movies than lszfgvqpvmfz, so lszfgvqpvmfz is less eager than tvszw
zqptgamlqx is going to the moviesMore is going to the movies than hwvgx, so hwvgx is less eager than zqptgamlqx
paltjcul is going to the moviesMore is going to the movies than pfvg, so pfvg is less eager than paltjcul
vfqdkoryq is going to the moviesMore is going to the movies than uiivzxmceygh, so uiivzxmceygh is less eager than vfqdkoryq
vkqahtvojbk is going to the moviesMore is going to the movies than oogcd, so oogcd is less eager than vkqahtvojbk
lbrfq is going to the movies more than vcl, so lbrfq is not less eager than vcl
jlry is going to the movies more than cekhgrd, so jlry is not less eager than cekhgrd
owowdzo is going to the movies more than zxeoeramxc, so owowdzo is not less eager than zxeoeramxc
faidcoub is going to the movies more than gczyzzhfsjj, so faidcoub is not less eager than gczyzzhfsjj
htxfa is going to the movies more than wkyjp, so htxfa is not less eager than wkyjp
vcl is going to the movies more than lbrfq, so lbrfq is not more eager than vcl
cekhgrd is going to the movies more than jlry, so jlry is not more eager than cekhgrd
zxeoeramxc is going to the movies more than owowdzo, so owowdzo is not more eager than zxeoeramxc
gczyzzhfsjj is going to the movies more than faidcoub, so faidcoub is not more eager than gczyzzhfsjj
wkyjp is going to the movies more than htxfa, so htxfa is not more eager than wkyjp
aiwbtg lets it cool more than nzhikvxh, so aiwbtg is more smart than nzhikvxh
gxobto lets it cool more than vvwa, so gxobto is more smart than vvwa
zlmdkpblqev lets it cool more than oyaxaqlj, so zlmdkpblqev is more smart than oyaxaqlj
mzjulcaib lets it cool more than lzlkcqbg, so mzjulcaib is more smart than lzlkcqbg
aoebudi lets it cool more than mlkfydb, so aoebudi is more smart than mlkfydb
aiwbtg lets it cool more than nzhikvxh, so nzhikvxh is less smart than aiwbtg
gxobto lets it cool more than vvwa, so vvwa is less smart than gxobto
zlmdkpblqev lets it cool more than oyaxaqlj, so oyaxaqlj is less smart than zlmdkpblqev
mzjulcaib lets it cool more than lzlkcqbg, so lzlkcqbg is less smart than mzjulcaib
aoebudi lets it cool more than mlkfydb, so mlkfydb is less smart than aoebudi
sbc lets it cool more than zkqgmjztxhb, so sbc is not less smart than zkqgmjztxhb
gxsfkygy lets it cool more than mngzhyfbz, so gxsfkygy is not less smart than mngzhyfbz
gmquejdzkcgj lets it cool more than csvqtni, so gmquejdzkcgj is not less smart than csvqtni
lconq lets it cool more than zbniyk, so lconq is not less smart than zbniyk
ttxqx lets it cool more than casvpuz, so ttxqx is not less smart than casvpuz
zkqgmjztxhb lets it cool more than sbc, so sbc is not more smart than zkqgmjztxhb
mngzhyfbz lets it cool more than gxsfkygy, so gxsfkygy is not more smart than mngzhyfbz
csvqtni lets it cool more than gmquejdzkcgj, so gmquejdzkcgj is not more smart than csvqtni
zbniyk lets it cool more than lconq, so lconq is not more smart than zbniyk
casvpuz lets it cool more than ttxqx, so ttxqx is not more smart than casvpuz
dduodrjhu becomes frightened more than rjimfcj, so dduodrjhu is more afraid than rjimfcj
vllp becomes frightened more than xbdl, so vllp is more afraid than xbdl
gsxktgwm becomes frightened more than jkerg, so gsxktgwm is more afraid than jkerg
xvlj becomes frightened more than vbv, so xvlj is more afraid than vbv
zatsgqubkra becomes frightened more than lgwhwvn, so zatsgqubkra is more afraid than lgwhwvn
dduodrjhu becomes frightened more than rjimfcj, so rjimfcj is less afraid than dduodrjhu
vllp becomes frightened more than xbdl, so xbdl is less afraid than vllp
gsxktgwm becomes frightened more than jkerg, so jkerg is less afraid than gsxktgwm
xvlj becomes frightened more than vbv, so vbv is less afraid than xvlj
zatsgqubkra becomes frightened more than lgwhwvn, so lgwhwvn is less afraid than zatsgqubkra
yvsalbegzb becomes frightened more than ocseiig, so yvsalbegzb is not less afraid than ocseiig
odo becomes frightened more than qwpb, so odo is not less afraid than qwpb
erw becomes frightened more than crfqgxxhgw, so erw is not less afraid than crfqgxxhgw
kllvdhx becomes frightened more than vftpcl, so kllvdhx is not less afraid than vftpcl
cckjcpwfzm becomes frightened more than tdee, so cckjcpwfzm is not less afraid than tdee
ocseiig becomes frightened more than yvsalbegzb, so yvsalbegzb is not more afraid than ocseiig
qwpb becomes frightened more than odo, so odo is not more afraid than qwpb
crfqgxxhgw becomes frightened more than erw, so erw is not more afraid than crfqgxxhgw
vftpcl becomes frightened more than kllvdhx, so kllvdhx is not more afraid than vftpcl
tdee becomes frightened more than cckjcpwfzm, so cckjcpwfzm is not more afraid than tdee
qrwc gets very sick more than pehybxah, so qrwc is more weak than pehybxah
ivb gets very sick more than gyl, so ivb is more weak than gyl
dknjbpcjavoz gets very sick more than gxvzwt, so dknjbpcjavoz is more weak than gxvzwt
wxo gets very sick more than kympinzqogt, so wxo is more weak than kympinzqogt
pswkgvnspapk gets very sick more than tis, so pswkgvnspapk is more weak than tis
qrwc gets very sick more than pehybxah, so pehybxah is less weak than qrwc
ivb gets very sick more than gyl, so gyl is less weak than ivb
dknjbpcjavoz gets very sick more than gxvzwt, so gxvzwt is less weak than dknjbpcjavoz
wxo gets very sick more than kympinzqogt, so kympinzqogt is less weak than wxo
pswkgvnspapk gets very sick more than tis, so tis is less weak than pswkgvnspapk
yidhxndn gets very sick more than fvvyedziuod, so yidhxndn is not less weak than fvvyedziuod
sikp gets very sick more than skh, so sikp is not less weak than skh
nczq gets very sick more than atavs, so nczq is not less weak than atavs
xstlm gets very sick more than rjveols, so xstlm is not less weak than rjveols
rwflydhe gets very sick more than jdcpl, so rwflydhe is not less weak than jdcpl
fvvyedziuod gets very sick more than yidhxndn, so yidhxndn is not more weak than fvvyedziuod
skh gets very sick more than sikp, so sikp is not more weak than skh
atavs gets very sick more than nczq, so nczq is not more weak than atavs
rjveols gets very sick more than xstlm, so xstlm is not more weak than rjveols
jdcpl gets very sick more than rwflydhe, so rwflydhe is not more weak than jdcpl
elos catches another person's breath more than tntszraxzucq, so elos is more hppy than tntszraxzucq
kuubxpqzrd catches another person's breath more than kzzao, so kuubxpqzrd is more hppy than kzzao
oazv catches another person's breath more than rvzv, so oazv is more hppy than rvzv
jefmt catches another person's breath more than wzrrmc, so jefmt is more hppy than wzrrmc
hwswb catches another person's breath more than qzbbm, so hwswb is more hppy than qzbbm
elos catches another person's breath more than tntszraxzucq, so tntszraxzucq is less hppy than elos
kuubxpqzrd catches another person's breath more than kzzao, so kzzao is less hppy than kuubxpqzrd
oazv catches another person's breath more than rvzv, so rvzv is less hppy than oazv
jefmt catches another person's breath more than wzrrmc, so wzrrmc is less hppy than jefmt
hwswb catches another person's breath more than qzbbm, so qzbbm is less hppy than hwswb
jntdnrrvrgr catches another person's breath more than htejisknlbmx, so jntdnrrvrgr is not less hppy than htejisknlbmx
gfah catches another person's breath more than ajwe, so gfah is not less hppy than ajwe
hladdykbs catches another person's breath more than oinowdcykdp, so hladdykbs is not less hppy than oinowdcykdp
kuzaoocwzs catches another person's breath more than wnf, so kuzaoocwzs is not less hppy than wnf
odjgtfm catches another person's breath more than oka, so odjgtfm is not less hppy than oka
htejisknlbmx catches another person's breath more than jntdnrrvrgr, so jntdnrrvrgr is not more hppy than htejisknlbmx
ajwe catches another person's breath more than gfah, so gfah is not more hppy than ajwe
oinowdcykdp catches another person's breath more than hladdykbs, so hladdykbs is not more hppy than oinowdcykdp
wnf catches another person's breath more than kuzaoocwzs, so kuzaoocwzs is not more hppy than wnf
oka catches another person's breath more than odjgtfm, so odjgtfm is not more hppy than oka
lzylnkyu goes to the beach with their family more than sahggo, so lzylnkyu is more loving than sahggo
avg goes to the beach with their family more than qkeevohg, so avg is more loving than qkeevohg
vbvmez goes to the beach with their family more than cxsx, so vbvmez is more loving than cxsx
loteciscgrbh goes to the beach with their family more than tbzkfjiwx, so loteciscgrbh is more loving than tbzkfjiwx
imkjoffrqp goes to the beach with their family more than dpd, so imkjoffrqp is more loving than dpd
lzylnkyu goes to the beach with their family more than sahggo, so sahggo is less loving than lzylnkyu
avg goes to the beach with their family more than qkeevohg, so qkeevohg is less loving than avg
vbvmez goes to the beach with their family more than cxsx, so cxsx is less loving than vbvmez
loteciscgrbh goes to the beach with their family more than tbzkfjiwx, so tbzkfjiwx is less loving than loteciscgrbh
imkjoffrqp goes to the beach with their family more than dpd, so dpd is less loving than imkjoffrqp
wcmzptols goes to the beach with their family more than mwdijubimj, so wcmzptols is not less loving than mwdijubimj
hbrizjajoy goes to the beach with their family more than bcviabdjqo, so hbrizjajoy is not less loving than bcviabdjqo
jlgfoselhojs goes to the beach with their family more than cfmfruh, so jlgfoselhojs is not less loving than cfmfruh
shrl goes to the beach with their family more than tssepxrsm, so shrl is not less loving than tssepxrsm
zondpecuxslx goes to the beach with their family more than oqxtcek, so zondpecuxslx is not less loving than oqxtcek
mwdijubimj goes to the beach with their family more than wcmzptols, so wcmzptols is not more loving than mwdijubimj
bcviabdjqo goes to the beach with their family more than hbrizjajoy, so hbrizjajoy is not more loving than bcviabdjqo
cfmfruh goes to the beach with their family more than jlgfoselhojs, so jlgfoselhojs is not more loving than cfmfruh
tssepxrsm goes to the beach with their family more than shrl, so shrl is not more loving than tssepxrsm
oqxtcek goes to the beach with their family more than zondpecuxslx, so zondpecuxslx is not more loving than oqxtcek
bjn spends the day more than ddn, so bjn is more adventurous than ddn
nvphwzi spends the day more than ervuv, so nvphwzi is more adventurous than ervuv
vzz spends the day more than piarzwfklge, so vzz is more adventurous than piarzwfklge
avgouisfgv spends the day more than kxglxqtlejm, so avgouisfgv is more adventurous than kxglxqtlejm
fcui spends the day more than hmepdawltw, so fcui is more adventurous than hmepdawltw
bjn spends the day more than ddn, so ddn is less adventurous than bjn
nvphwzi spends the day more than ervuv, so ervuv is less adventurous than nvphwzi
vzz spends the day more than piarzwfklge, so piarzwfklge is less adventurous than vzz
avgouisfgv spends the day more than kxglxqtlejm, so kxglxqtlejm is less adventurous than avgouisfgv
fcui spends the day more than hmepdawltw, so hmepdawltw is less adventurous than fcui
ksmcevujd spends the day more than mtrxdjvyp, so ksmcevujd is not less adventurous than mtrxdjvyp
ezjkebclo spends the day more than fhpr, so ezjkebclo is not less adventurous than fhpr
vilug spends the day more than zfwcqeptjzt, so vilug is not less adventurous than zfwcqeptjzt
oxjhcanhh spends the day more than pmrhaqtm, so oxjhcanhh is not less adventurous than pmrhaqtm
isezmtamupoz spends the day more than rrungpefwi, so isezmtamupoz is not less adventurous than rrungpefwi
mtrxdjvyp spends the day more than ksmcevujd, so ksmcevujd is not more adventurous than mtrxdjvyp
fhpr spends the day more than ezjkebclo, so ezjkebclo is not more adventurous than fhpr
zfwcqeptjzt spends the day more than vilug, so vilug is not more adventurous than zfwcqeptjzt
pmrhaqtm spends the day more than oxjhcanhh, so oxjhcanhh is not more adventurous than pmrhaqtm
rrungpefwi spends the day more than isezmtamupoz, so isezmtamupoz is not more adventurous than rrungpefwi
ryxftimfjx has finally tried harder than wwkezc, so ryxftimfjx is more inexperienced than wwkezc
ifgys has finally tried harder than zlkikhn, so ifgys is more inexperienced than zlkikhn
ztwhx has finally tried harder than icupq, so ztwhx is more inexperienced than icupq
wsbbbc has finally tried harder than fquzhkmgjf, so wsbbbc is more inexperienced than fquzhkmgjf
shtrjlab has finally tried harder than teglquycx, so shtrjlab is more inexperienced than teglquycx
ryxftimfjx has finally tried more than wwkezc, so wwkezc is less inexperienced than ryxftimfjx
ifgys has finally tried more than zlkikhn, so zlkikhn is less inexperienced than ifgys
ztwhx has finally tried more than icupq, so icupq is less inexperienced than ztwhx
wsbbbc has finally tried more than fquzhkmgjf, so fquzhkmgjf is less inexperienced than wsbbbc
shtrjlab has finally tried more than teglquycx, so teglquycx is less inexperienced than shtrjlab
hzjzi has finally tried more than jkwamwwjk, so hzjzi is not less inexperienced than jkwamwwjk
nvqbzooretd has finally tried more than zxofrdh, so nvqbzooretd is not less inexperienced than zxofrdh
isugydhrko has finally tried more than epvrazsmdj, so isugydhrko is not less inexperienced than epvrazsmdj
zndsouxevxb has finally tried more than xxe, so zndsouxevxb is not less inexperienced than xxe
imfgkkj has finally tried more than hixwk, so imfgkkj is not less inexperienced than hixwk
jkwamwwjk has finally tried more than hzjzi, so hzjzi is not more inexperienced than jkwamwwjk
zxofrdh has finally tried more than nvqbzooretd, so nvqbzooretd is not more inexperienced than zxofrdh
epvrazsmdj has finally tried more than isugydhrko, so isugydhrko is not more inexperienced than epvrazsmdj
xxe has finally tried more than zndsouxevxb, so zndsouxevxb is not more inexperienced than xxe
hixwk has finally tried more than imfgkkj, so imfgkkj is not more inexperienced than hixwk
oioqmjlnsxgo wants their parents more than jjyetq, so oioqmjlnsxgo is more needy than jjyetq
evr wants their parents more than pfbmj, so evr is more needy than pfbmj
ezfowm wants their parents more than bsbxebrybciz, so ezfowm is more needy than bsbxebrybciz
jhdgo wants their parents more than cacxprewrb, so jhdgo is more needy than cacxprewrb
hshbpachzwy wants their parents more than kzcmjkwderdc, so hshbpachzwy is more needy than kzcmjkwderdc
oioqmjlnsxgo wants their parents more than jjyetq, so jjyetq is less needy than oioqmjlnsxgo
evr wants their parents more than pfbmj, so pfbmj is less needy than evr
ezfowm wants their parents more than bsbxebrybciz, so bsbxebrybciz is less needy than ezfowm
jhdgo wants their parents more than cacxprewrb, so cacxprewrb is less needy than jhdgo
hshbpachzwy wants their parents more than kzcmjkwderdc, so kzcmjkwderdc is less needy than hshbpachzwy
ikvmem wants their parents more than ycppbmqfpda, so ikvmem is not less needy than ycppbmqfpda
klljyua wants their parents more than evparggrwl, so klljyua is not less needy than evparggrwl
nwapbo wants their parents more than ictkqyd, so nwapbo is not less needy than ictkqyd
fwp wants their parents more than wztbrtdt, so fwp is not less needy than wztbrtdt
egywig wants their parents more than ajlagylab, so egywig is not less needy than ajlagylab
ycppbmqfpda wants their parents more than ikvmem, so ikvmem is not more needy than ycppbmqfpda
evparggrwl wants their parents more than klljyua, so klljyua is not more needy than evparggrwl
ictkqyd wants their parents more than nwapbo, so nwapbo is not more needy than ictkqyd
wztbrtdt wants their parents more than fwp, so fwp is not more needy than wztbrtdt
ajlagylab wants their parents more than egywig, so egywig is not more needy than ajlagylab
cfp wants another person to stay more than ldriuml, so cfp is more sociable than ldriuml
gjyk wants another person to stay more than cztodbo, so gjyk is more sociable than cztodbo
looxlbu wants another person to stay more than vlkiurit, so looxlbu is more sociable than vlkiurit
jembpt wants another person to stay more than hmfscgyzhxe, so jembpt is more sociable than hmfscgyzhxe
xhkkiezll wants another person to stay more than mrvmq, so xhkkiezll is more sociable than mrvmq
cfp wants another person to stay more than ldriuml, so ldriuml is less sociable than cfp
gjyk wants another person to stay more than cztodbo, so cztodbo is less sociable than gjyk
looxlbu wants another person to stay more than vlkiurit, so vlkiurit is less sociable than looxlbu
jembpt wants another person to stay more than hmfscgyzhxe, so hmfscgyzhxe is less sociable than jembpt
xhkkiezll wants another person to stay more than mrvmq, so mrvmq is less sociable than xhkkiezll
orfpc wants another person to stay more than ppm, so orfpc is not less sociable than ppm
tlzrpsusw wants another person to stay more than wovjild, so tlzrpsusw is not less sociable than wovjild
oybxjpbrpivk wants another person to stay more than bkn, so oybxjpbrpivk is not less sociable than bkn
kpansdo wants another person to stay more than vqlmhwsjw, so kpansdo is not less sociable than vqlmhwsjw
cofnz wants another person to stay more than pwxrr, so cofnz is not less sociable than pwxrr
ppm wants another person to stay more than orfpc, so orfpc is not more sociable than ppm
wovjild wants another person to stay more than tlzrpsusw, so tlzrpsusw is not more sociable than wovjild
bkn wants another person to stay more than oybxjpbrpivk, so oybxjpbrpivk is not more sociable than bkn
vqlmhwsjw wants another person to stay more than kpansdo, so kpansdo is not more sociable than vqlmhwsjw
pwxrr wants another person to stay more than cofnz, so cofnz is not more sociable than pwxrr
umkrojtxjgra is sent home more than mjnwwt, so umkrojtxjgra is more unwanted than mjnwwt
pmkgnlwkl is sent home more than jhygwbtlziah, so pmkgnlwkl is more unwanted than jhygwbtlziah
xavf is sent home more than kxchbgvpxxt, so xavf is more unwanted than kxchbgvpxxt
lrwqtdimj is sent home more than wefbseuddtu, so lrwqtdimj is more unwanted than wefbseuddtu
shxcxthkayvy is sent home more than lsbtzhv, so shxcxthkayvy is more unwanted than lsbtzhv
umkrojtxjgra is sent home more than mjnwwt, so mjnwwt is more unwanted than umkrojtxjgra
pmkgnlwkl is sent home more than jhygwbtlziah, so jhygwbtlziah is more unwanted than pmkgnlwkl
xavf is sent home more than kxchbgvpxxt, so kxchbgvpxxt is more unwanted than xavf
lrwqtdimj is sent home more than wefbseuddtu, so wefbseuddtu is more unwanted than lrwqtdimj
shxcxthkayvy is sent home more than lsbtzhv, so lsbtzhv is more unwanted than shxcxthkayvy
jyocbckkr is sent home more than ynjuymvxv, so jyocbckkr is not less unwanted than ynjuymvxv
phvflykhi is sent home more than bpqfiefvojia, so phvflykhi is not less unwanted than bpqfiefvojia
bwfdwvams is sent home more than vzr, so bwfdwvams is not less unwanted than vzr
xzkaafdlopay is sent home more than yappedk, so xzkaafdlopay is not less unwanted than yappedk
wydgomsw is sent home more than xqxpqum, so wydgomsw is not less unwanted than xqxpqum
ynjuymvxv is sent home more than jyocbckkr, so jyocbckkr is not more unwanted than ynjuymvxv
bpqfiefvojia is sent home more than phvflykhi, so phvflykhi is not more unwanted than bpqfiefvojia
vzr is sent home more than bwfdwvams, so bwfdwvams is not more unwanted than vzr
yappedk is sent home more than xzkaafdlopay, so xzkaafdlopay is not more unwanted than yappedk
xqxpqum is sent home more than wydgomsw, so wydgomsw is not more unwanted than xqxpqum
qdjfpccp gets their skates on more than iapll, so qdjfpccp is more ready than iapll
jpwx gets their skates on more than uewnoyvtz, so jpwx is more ready than uewnoyvtz
cpskabc gets their skates on more than ziqskcnybaf, so cpskabc is more ready than ziqskcnybaf
qan gets their skates on more than jagdmrwq, so qan is more ready than jagdmrwq
bzjsvuevgonm gets their skates on more than nhandlqzyi, so bzjsvuevgonm is more ready than nhandlqzyi
qdjfpccp gets their skates on more than iapll, so iapll is less ready than qdjfpccp
jpwx gets their skates on more than uewnoyvtz, so uewnoyvtz is less ready than jpwx
cpskabc gets their skates on more than ziqskcnybaf, so ziqskcnybaf is less ready than cpskabc
qan gets their skates on more than jagdmrwq, so jagdmrwq is less ready than qan
bzjsvuevgonm gets their skates on more than nhandlqzyi, so nhandlqzyi is less ready than bzjsvuevgonm
knkgaq gets their skates on more than guaynplxatx, so knkgaq is not less ready than guaynplxatx
ilenmbzoqxr gets their skates on more than qftbvt, so ilenmbzoqxr is not less ready than qftbvt
xudy gets their skates on more than hxhar, so xudy is not less ready than hxhar
kdcscbalf gets their skates on more than ngn, so kdcscbalf is not less ready than ngn
miul gets their skates on more than cwfoksmhxma, so miul is not less ready than cwfoksmhxma
guaynplxatx gets their skates on more than knkgaq, so knkgaq is not more ready than guaynplxatx
qftbvt gets their skates on more than ilenmbzoqxr, so ilenmbzoqxr is not more ready than qftbvt
hxhar gets their skates on more than xudy, so xudy is not more ready than hxhar
ngn gets their skates on more than kdcscbalf, so kdcscbalf is not more ready than ngn
cwfoksmhxma gets their skates on more than miul, so miul is not more ready than cwfoksmhxma
exbxfetfnkir plans their next trip more than yjz, so exbxfetfnkir is more thoughtful than yjz
ujrt plans their next trip more than sos, so ujrt is more thoughtful than sos
bretsq plans their next trip more than cos, so bretsq is more thoughtful than cos
qlzrtrpzbit plans their next trip more than athwxe, so qlzrtrpzbit is more thoughtful than athwxe
jdppli plans their next trip more than kpifegj, so jdppli is more thoughtful than kpifegj
exbxfetfnkir plans their next trip more than yjz, so yjz is less thoughtful than exbxfetfnkir
ujrt plans their next trip more than sos, so sos is less thoughtful than ujrt
bretsq plans their next trip more than cos, so cos is less thoughtful than bretsq
qlzrtrpzbit plans their next trip more than athwxe, so athwxe is less thoughtful than qlzrtrpzbit
jdppli plans their next trip more than kpifegj, so kpifegj is less thoughtful than jdppli
vgo plans their next trip more than grewj, so vgo is not less thoughtful than grewj
ngscnibanet plans their next trip more than rslyfpg, so ngscnibanet is not less thoughtful than rslyfpg
cagyoe plans their next trip more than ouhf, so cagyoe is not less thoughtful than ouhf
ncvstv plans their next trip more than mynuvshne, so ncvstv is not less thoughtful than mynuvshne
vnihqfjkr plans their next trip more than noxmx, so vnihqfjkr is not less thoughtful than noxmx
grewj plans their next trip more than vgo, so vgo is not more thoughtful than grewj
rslyfpg plans their next trip more than ngscnibanet, so ngscnibanet is not more thoughtful than rslyfpg
ouhf plans their next trip more than cagyoe, so cagyoe is not more thoughtful than ouhf
mynuvshne plans their next trip more than ncvstv, so ncvstv is not more thoughtful than mynuvshne
noxmx plans their next trip more than vnihqfjkr, so vnihqfjkr is not more thoughtful than noxmx
wruu eats at a fancy restaurant more than mrmcqlb, so wruu is more happy than mrmcqlb
szxb eats at a fancy restaurant more than pvyniwrsgjzt, so szxb is more happy than pvyniwrsgjzt
vpzfio eats at a fancy restaurant more than fttokaidakax, so vpzfio is more happy than fttokaidakax
wbagbf eats at a fancy restaurant more than imqgrgczgnnh, so wbagbf is more happy than imqgrgczgnnh
nnncbujlo eats at a fancy restaurant more than yxieled, so nnncbujlo is more happy than yxieled
wruu eats at a fancy restaurant more than mrmcqlb, so mrmcqlb is less happy than wruu
szxb eats at a fancy restaurant more than pvyniwrsgjzt, so pvyniwrsgjzt is less happy than szxb
vpzfio eats at a fancy restaurant more than fttokaidakax, so fttokaidakax is less happy than vpzfio
wbagbf eats at a fancy restaurant more than imqgrgczgnnh, so imqgrgczgnnh is less happy than wbagbf
nnncbujlo eats at a fancy restaurant more than yxieled, so yxieled is less happy than nnncbujlo
dfkstrcgcc eats at a fancy restaurant more than oubaqwvkvdco, so dfkstrcgcc is not less happy than oubaqwvkvdco
kpwq eats at a fancy restaurant more than bvxgspiak, so kpwq is not less happy than bvxgspiak
cbdxubyg eats at a fancy restaurant more than txkdd, so cbdxubyg is not less happy than txkdd
zftb eats at a fancy restaurant more than mslskkk, so zftb is not less happy than mslskkk
kevbrflg eats at a fancy restaurant more than cgn, so kevbrflg is not less happy than cgn
oubaqwvkvdco eats at a fancy restaurant more than dfkstrcgcc, so dfkstrcgcc is not more happy than oubaqwvkvdco
bvxgspiak eats at a fancy restaurant more than kpwq, so kpwq is not more happy than bvxgspiak
txkdd eats at a fancy restaurant more than cbdxubyg, so cbdxubyg is not more happy than txkdd
mslskkk eats at a fancy restaurant more than zftb, so zftb is not more happy than mslskkk
cgn eats at a fancy restaurant more than kevbrflg, so kevbrflg is not more happy than cgn
qlpjilad loves music more than qtldbjnerbg, so qlpjilad is more creative than qtldbjnerbg
jlr loves music more than agbwcoywxxld, so jlr is more creative than agbwcoywxxld
kcl loves music more than jigpgdqtqm, so kcl is more creative than jigpgdqtqm
axoxey loves music more than gkuwp, so axoxey is more creative than gkuwp
jsbqavavh loves music more than lahdc, so jsbqavavh is more creative than lahdc
qlpjilad loves music more than qtldbjnerbg, so qtldbjnerbg is less creative than qlpjilad
jlr loves music more than agbwcoywxxld, so agbwcoywxxld is less creative than jlr
kcl loves music more than jigpgdqtqm, so jigpgdqtqm is less creative than kcl
axoxey loves music more than gkuwp, so gkuwp is less creative than axoxey
jsbqavavh loves music more than lahdc, so lahdc is less creative than jsbqavavh
iqzqmnztdlmv loves music more than yawaqv, so iqzqmnztdlmv is not less creative than yawaqv
efeajf loves music more than gmr, so efeajf is not less creative than gmr
qlzwxecj loves music more than jerghwgem, so qlzwxecj is not less creative than jerghwgem
kcpqv loves music more than noznkjqbxypa, so kcpqv is not less creative than noznkjqbxypa
xhlvcgkg loves music more than sjhslqqwuy, so xhlvcgkg is not less creative than sjhslqqwuy
yawaqv loves music more than iqzqmnztdlmv, so iqzqmnztdlmv is not more creative than yawaqv
gmr loves music more than efeajf, so efeajf is not more creative than gmr
jerghwgem loves music more than qlzwxecj, so qlzwxecj is not more creative than jerghwgem
noznkjqbxypa loves music more than kcpqv, so kcpqv is not more creative than noznkjqbxypa
sjhslqqwuy loves music more than xhlvcgkg, so xhlvcgkg is not more creative than sjhslqqwuy
coqpsbmohts notices a man more than wcohyzuxv, so coqpsbmohts is more aware than wcohyzuxv
fojxjtfzm notices a man more than dvhadndifjya, so fojxjtfzm is more aware than dvhadndifjya
smarteuybtn notices a man more than mpqoa, so smarteuybtn is more aware than mpqoa
oli notices a man more than pmubur, so oli is more aware than pmubur
crdtgqm notices a man more than wfxdh, so crdtgqm is more aware than wfxdh
coqpsbmohts notices a man more than wcohyzuxv, so wcohyzuxv is less aware than coqpsbmohts
fojxjtfzm notices a man more than dvhadndifjya, so dvhadndifjya is less aware than fojxjtfzm
smarteuybtn notices a man more than mpqoa, so mpqoa is less aware than smarteuybtn
oli notices a man more than pmubur, so pmubur is less aware than oli
crdtgqm notices a man more than wfxdh, so wfxdh is less aware than crdtgqm
gdmyfjemtlkr notices a man more than wytvcgetp, so gdmyfjemtlkr is not less aware than wytvcgetp
vjooa notices a man more than kjtrvstpkmf, so vjooa is not less aware than kjtrvstpkmf
oazlhalsxpi notices a man more than noy, so oazlhalsxpi is not less aware than noy
iqknfradotv notices a man more than npqinidyf, so iqknfradotv is not less aware than npqinidyf
vvdwgzxajaz notices a man more than xuqpmxlchly, so vvdwgzxajaz is not less aware than xuqpmxlchly
wytvcgetp notices a man more than gdmyfjemtlkr, so gdmyfjemtlkr is not more aware than wytvcgetp
kjtrvstpkmf notices a man more than vjooa, so vjooa is not more aware than kjtrvstpkmf
noy notices a man more than oazlhalsxpi, so oazlhalsxpi is not more aware than noy
npqinidyf notices a man more than iqknfradotv, so iqknfradotv is not more aware than npqinidyf
xuqpmxlchly notices a man more than vvdwgzxajaz, so vvdwgzxajaz is not more aware than xuqpmxlchly
jmhswonan is too drunk to drive more than auesip, so jmhswonan is more stupid than auesip
xvunbyewu is too drunk to drive more than sbts, so xvunbyewu is more stupid than sbts
ebmo is too drunk to drive more than fifkyhl, so ebmo is more stupid than fifkyhl
oayxtsdvhkqu is too drunk to drive more than yyh, so oayxtsdvhkqu is more stupid than yyh
jhjw is too drunk to drive more than bjjvlvvpyio, so jhjw is more stupid than bjjvlvvpyio
jmhswonan is too drunk to drive more than auesip, so auesip is more stupid than jmhswonan
xvunbyewu is too drunk to drive more than sbts, so sbts is more stupid than xvunbyewu
ebmo is too drunk to drive more than fifkyhl, so fifkyhl is more stupid than ebmo
oayxtsdvhkqu is too drunk to drive more than yyh, so yyh is more stupid than oayxtsdvhkqu
jhjw is too drunk to drive more than bjjvlvvpyio, so bjjvlvvpyio is more stupid than jhjw
qphfar is too drunk to drive while zicavsk is not, so qphfar is not less stupid than zicavsk
yruy is too drunk to drive while ijagbowomf is not, so yruy is not less stupid than ijagbowomf
dzbqvsg is too drunk to drive while wxao is not, so dzbqvsg is not less stupid than wxao
tfkw is too drunk to drive while qjyqlsc is not, so tfkw is not less stupid than qjyqlsc
pxppvwbswy is too drunk to drive while cjdmcevafw is not, so pxppvwbswy is not less stupid than cjdmcevafw
zicavsk is too drunk to drive to drive, so qphfar is not more stupid than zicavsk
ijagbowomf is too drunk to drive to drive, so yruy is not more stupid than ijagbowomf
wxao is too drunk to drive to drive, so dzbqvsg is not more stupid than wxao
qjyqlsc is too drunk to drive to drive, so tfkw is not more stupid than qjyqlsc
cjdmcevafw is too drunk to drive to drive, so pxppvwbswy is not more stupid than cjdmcevafw
rgygxgmgf fights another person's way more than nlkpkiifo, so rgygxgmgf is more unfriendly than nlkpkiifo
homcg fights another person's way more than ioprqw, so homcg is more unfriendly than ioprqw
tid fights another person's way more than txydut, so tid is more unfriendly than txydut
uzswnxzsluu fights another person's way more than aihrbabr, so uzswnxzsluu is more unfriendly than aihrbabr
plvx fights another person's way more than yzyyqxx, so plvx is more unfriendly than yzyyqxx
rgygxgmgf fights another person's way more than nlkpkiifo, so nlkpkiifo is less unfriendly than rgygxgmgf
homcg fights another person's way more than ioprqw, so ioprqw is less unfriendly than homcg
tid fights another person's way more than txydut, so txydut is less unfriendly than tid
uzswnxzsluu fights another person's way more than aihrbabr, so aihrbabr is less unfriendly than uzswnxzsluu
plvx fights another person's way more than yzyyqxx, so yzyyqxx is less unfriendly than plvx
lbhvk fights another person's way more than kettmbfzyeo, so lbhvk is not less unfriendly than kettmbfzyeo
tjtyjv fights another person's way more than cmigpjs, so tjtyjv is not less unfriendly than cmigpjs
wyjwcwrbmir fights another person's way more than beyehtgq, so wyjwcwrbmir is not less unfriendly than beyehtgq
eodj fights another person's way more than coljny, so eodj is not less unfriendly than coljny
tqq fights another person's way more than rlrbee, so tqq is not less unfriendly than rlrbee
kettmbfzyeo fights another person's way more than lbhvk, so lbhvk is not more unfriendly than kettmbfzyeo
cmigpjs fights another person's way more than tjtyjv, so tjtyjv is not more unfriendly than cmigpjs
beyehtgq fights another person's way more than wyjwcwrbmir, so wyjwcwrbmir is not more unfriendly than beyehtgq
coljny fights another person's way more than eodj, so eodj is not more unfriendly than coljny
rlrbee fights another person's way more than tqq, so tqq is not more unfriendly than rlrbee
yhpu makes it extra special than pwndqoj, so yhpu is more dramatic than pwndqoj
zca makes it extra special than grtvwhz, so zca is more dramatic than grtvwhz
fkmuaufpj makes it extra special than vhwb, so fkmuaufpj is more dramatic than vhwb
dxslwukomaae makes it extra special than lcjbdkcfmt, so dxslwukomaae is more dramatic than lcjbdkcfmt
dbhpuymndbgs makes it extra special than fvsihdi, so dbhpuymndbgs is more dramatic than fvsihdi
yhpu makes it extra special than pwndqoj, so pwndqoj is less dramatic than yhpu
zca makes it extra special than grtvwhz, so grtvwhz is less dramatic than zca
fkmuaufpj makes it extra special than vhwb, so vhwb is less dramatic than fkmuaufpj
dxslwukomaae makes it extra special than lcjbdkcfmt, so lcjbdkcfmt is less dramatic than dxslwukomaae
dbhpuymndbgs makes it extra special than fvsihdi, so fvsihdi is less dramatic than dbhpuymndbgs
vtvfeefbgr makes it extra special than vckwtcoomc, so vtvfeefbgr is not less dramatic than vckwtcoomc
fiwbatkvv makes it extra special than wnaog, so fiwbatkvv is not less dramatic than wnaog
cxf makes it extra special than uaf, so cxf is not less dramatic than uaf
hkjer makes it extra special than kdlpasg, so hkjer is not less dramatic than kdlpasg
ysx makes it extra special than zteaadjf, so ysx is not less dramatic than zteaadjf
vckwtcoomc makes it extra special than vtvfeefbgr, so vtvfeefbgr is not more dramatic than vckwtcoomc
wnaog makes it extra special than fiwbatkvv, so fiwbatkvv is not more dramatic than wnaog
uaf makes it extra special than cxf, so cxf is not more dramatic than uaf
kdlpasg makes it extra special than hkjer, so hkjer is not more dramatic than kdlpasg
zteaadjf makes it extra special than ysx, so ysx is not more dramatic than zteaadjf
dmdsxapm learns fast more than bjnfhlgxmr, so dmdsxapm is more smart than bjnfhlgxmr
yormz learns fast more than gat, so yormz is more smart than gat
nwsqyhq learns fast more than nsomvv, so nwsqyhq is more smart than nsomvv
dnuttcbpcgy learns fast more than ssdu, so dnuttcbpcgy is more smart than ssdu
vlxrjpszvau learns fast more than qih, so vlxrjpszvau is more smart than qih
dmdsxapm learns fast more than bjnfhlgxmr, so bjnfhlgxmr is less smart than dmdsxapm
yormz learns fast more than gat, so gat is less smart than yormz
nwsqyhq learns fast more than nsomvv, so nsomvv is less smart than nwsqyhq
dnuttcbpcgy learns fast more than ssdu, so ssdu is less smart than dnuttcbpcgy
vlxrjpszvau learns fast more than qih, so qih is less smart than vlxrjpszvau
rtjbrj learns fast more than hjbnvqw, so rtjbrj is not less smart than hjbnvqw
juraipw learns fast more than bbjlnup, so juraipw is not less smart than bbjlnup
dwubwvbxx learns fast more than enygzzsweid, so dwubwvbxx is not less smart than enygzzsweid
uetn learns fast more than hfkotqkla, so uetn is not less smart than hfkotqkla
dsmayuwj learns fast more than pmrikgjuysn, so dsmayuwj is not less smart than pmrikgjuysn
hjbnvqw learns fast more than rtjbrj, so rtjbrj is not more smart than hjbnvqw
bbjlnup learns fast more than juraipw, so juraipw is not more smart than bbjlnup
enygzzsweid learns fast more than dwubwvbxx, so dwubwvbxx is not more smart than enygzzsweid
hfkotqkla learns fast more than uetn, so uetn is not more smart than hfkotqkla
pmrikgjuysn learns fast more than dsmayuwj, so dsmayuwj is not more smart than pmrikgjuysn
usgmo tells another person had done more than jpuf, so usgmo is more honest than jpuf
jthsdbtp tells another person had done more than gtwc, so jthsdbtp is more honest than gtwc
dydhgpn tells another person had done more than kvgicuxxgwa, so dydhgpn is more honest than kvgicuxxgwa
pmhakxk tells another person had done more than azuks, so pmhakxk is more honest than azuks
tcqm tells another person had done more than vzhtq, so tcqm is more honest than vzhtq
usgmo tells another person had done more than jpuf, so jpuf is less honest than usgmo
jthsdbtp tells another person had done more than gtwc, so gtwc is less honest than jthsdbtp
dydhgpn tells another person had done more than kvgicuxxgwa, so kvgicuxxgwa is less honest than dydhgpn
pmhakxk tells another person had done more than azuks, so azuks is less honest than pmhakxk
tcqm tells another person had done more than vzhtq, so vzhtq is less honest than tcqm
djrgmlz tells another person had done more than oqqd, so djrgmlz is not less honest than oqqd
apgvzmgum tells another person had done more than fsceoqvhdb, so apgvzmgum is not less honest than fsceoqvhdb
cctja tells another person had done more than lcpdcf, so cctja is not less honest than lcpdcf
otnohaffuzx tells another person had done more than xnhi, so otnohaffuzx is not less honest than xnhi
mdobnz tells another person had done more than tgrhswpu, so mdobnz is not less honest than tgrhswpu
oqqd tells another person had done more than djrgmlz, so djrgmlz is not more honest than oqqd
fsceoqvhdb tells another person had done more than apgvzmgum, so apgvzmgum is not more honest than fsceoqvhdb
lcpdcf tells another person had done more than cctja, so cctja is not more honest than lcpdcf
xnhi tells another person had done more than otnohaffuzx, so otnohaffuzx is not more honest than xnhi
tgrhswpu tells another person had done more than mdobnz, so mdobnz is not more honest than tgrhswpu
vqgxqejvzjrm persuades another person to come more than wdmenm, so vqgxqejvzjrm is more influential than wdmenm
jci persuades another person to come more than aaawms, so jci is more influential than aaawms
pmup persuades another person to come more than zmdqkdgiqlq, so pmup is more influential than zmdqkdgiqlq
wqakfuvq persuades another person to come more than qpb, so wqakfuvq is more influential than qpb
zrgt persuades another person to come more than zzgp, so zrgt is more influential than zzgp
vqgxqejvzjrm persuades another person to come more than wdmenm, so wdmenm is less influential than vqgxqejvzjrm
jci persuades another person to come more than aaawms, so aaawms is less influential than jci
pmup persuades another person to come more than zmdqkdgiqlq, so zmdqkdgiqlq is less influential than pmup
wqakfuvq persuades another person to come more than qpb, so qpb is less influential than wqakfuvq
zrgt persuades another person to come more than zzgp, so zzgp is less influential than zrgt
wqr persuades another person to come more than zyujsctgt, so wqr is not less influential than zyujsctgt
igg persuades another person to come more than sou, so igg is not less influential than sou
wdrwwpkz persuades another person to come more than xoezu, so wdrwwpkz is not less influential than xoezu
roliaptvk persuades another person to come more than ojxofpi, so roliaptvk is not less influential than ojxofpi
ddjncplds persuades another person to come more than wjknxc, so ddjncplds is not less influential than wjknxc
zyujsctgt persuades another person to come more than wqr, so wqr is not more influential than zyujsctgt
sou persuades another person to come more than igg, so igg is not more influential than sou
xoezu persuades another person to come more than wdrwwpkz, so wdrwwpkz is not more influential than xoezu
ojxofpi persuades another person to come more than roliaptvk, so roliaptvk is not more influential than ojxofpi
wjknxc persuades another person to come more than ddjncplds, so ddjncplds is not more influential than wjknxc
pbkmwcwzt goes horseback riding more than xlcneu, so pbkmwcwzt is more athletic than xlcneu
lvh goes horseback riding more than mtlq, so lvh is more athletic than mtlq
bsdidyobmly goes horseback riding more than eylwuipa, so bsdidyobmly is more athletic than eylwuipa
yvq goes horseback riding more than hdl, so yvq is more athletic than hdl
shrjibymvdj goes horseback riding more than vwnu, so shrjibymvdj is more athletic than vwnu
pbkmwcwzt goes horseback riding more than xlcneu, so xlcneu is less athletic than pbkmwcwzt
lvh goes horseback riding more than mtlq, so mtlq is less athletic than lvh
bsdidyobmly goes horseback riding more than eylwuipa, so eylwuipa is less athletic than bsdidyobmly
yvq goes horseback riding more than hdl, so hdl is less athletic than yvq
shrjibymvdj goes horseback riding more than vwnu, so vwnu is less athletic than shrjibymvdj
rcldtqwtq goes horseback riding more than gxziutpqydcw, so rcldtqwtq is not less athletic than gxziutpqydcw
lses goes horseback riding more than zlvhe, so lses is not less athletic than zlvhe
ibeukssbid goes horseback riding more than vhyjmymz, so ibeukssbid is not less athletic than vhyjmymz
uhlc goes horseback riding more than rqrssix, so uhlc is not less athletic than rqrssix
awcwsuagrgev goes horseback riding more than ldpcwfcowo, so awcwsuagrgev is not less athletic than ldpcwfcowo
gxziutpqydcw goes horseback riding more than rcldtqwtq, so rcldtqwtq is not more athletic than gxziutpqydcw
zlvhe goes horseback riding more than lses, so lses is not more athletic than zlvhe
vhyjmymz goes horseback riding more than ibeukssbid, so ibeukssbid is not more athletic than vhyjmymz
rqrssix goes horseback riding more than uhlc, so uhlc is not more athletic than rqrssix
ldpcwfcowo goes horseback riding more than awcwsuagrgev, so awcwsuagrgev is not more athletic than ldpcwfcowo
awmfsvsfu sets a trap more than zfhrebmwrqvb, so awmfsvsfu is more aggressive than zfhrebmwrqvb
iqzenwj sets a trap more than eodj, so iqzenwj is more aggressive than eodj
alonq sets a trap more than aicewnyfvdyu, so alonq is more aggressive than aicewnyfvdyu
waywwrhpyy sets a trap more than lmijo, so waywwrhpyy is more aggressive than lmijo
xjimjzbi sets a trap more than imlfv, so xjimjzbi is more aggressive than imlfv
awmfsvsfu sets a trap more than zfhrebmwrqvb, so zfhrebmwrqvb is less aggressive than awmfsvsfu
iqzenwj sets a trap more than eodj, so eodj is less aggressive than iqzenwj
alonq sets a trap more than aicewnyfvdyu, so aicewnyfvdyu is less aggressive than alonq
waywwrhpyy sets a trap more than lmijo, so lmijo is less aggressive than waywwrhpyy
xjimjzbi sets a trap more than imlfv, so imlfv is less aggressive than xjimjzbi
hrbotkztcku sets a trap more than bruu, so hrbotkztcku is not less aggressive than bruu
bayfa sets a trap more than uvvlekh, so bayfa is not less aggressive than uvvlekh
jnrjqnewykwa sets a trap more than dsmhnsjbxsb, so jnrjqnewykwa is not less aggressive than dsmhnsjbxsb
wrjmrulgvmd sets a trap more than bokzryfyn, so wrjmrulgvmd is not less aggressive than bokzryfyn
chgi sets a trap more than mxv, so chgi is not less aggressive than mxv
bruu sets a trap more than hrbotkztcku, so hrbotkztcku is not more aggressive than bruu
uvvlekh sets a trap more than bayfa, so bayfa is not more aggressive than uvvlekh
dsmhnsjbxsb sets a trap more than jnrjqnewykwa, so jnrjqnewykwa is not more aggressive than dsmhnsjbxsb
bokzryfyn sets a trap more than wrjmrulgvmd, so wrjmrulgvmd is not more aggressive than bokzryfyn
mxv sets a trap more than chgi, so chgi is not more aggressive than mxv
ugbvxnyylxui does not like another person more than kenwqbpbv, so ugbvxnyylxui is more leery than kenwqbpbv
yfkfvndjpypw does not like another person more than kfdzflvvhykp, so yfkfvndjpypw is more leery than kfdzflvvhykp
jbfm does not like another person more than pwvcgjxmlbe, so jbfm is more leery than pwvcgjxmlbe
owc does not like another person more than gjhmzey, so owc is more leery than gjhmzey
wdnykkx does not like another person more than wubtbo, so wdnykkx is more leery than wubtbo
ugbvxnyylxui does not like another person more than kenwqbpbv, so kenwqbpbv is less leery than ugbvxnyylxui
yfkfvndjpypw does not like another person more than kfdzflvvhykp, so kfdzflvvhykp is less leery than yfkfvndjpypw
jbfm does not like another person more than pwvcgjxmlbe, so pwvcgjxmlbe is less leery than jbfm
owc does not like another person more than gjhmzey, so gjhmzey is less leery than owc
wdnykkx does not like another person more than wubtbo, so wubtbo is less leery than wdnykkx
jtvfge is more leery than rmncdvbrmc, so jtvfge is not less leery than rmncdvbrmc
jxzyaxyijxx is more leery than wcqhunwouxwd, so jxzyaxyijxx is not less leery than wcqhunwouxwd
gtbzyiwqb is more leery than gpu, so gtbzyiwqb is not less leery than gpu
hvpjsoy is more leery than hdokphnafcp, so hvpjsoy is not less leery than hdokphnafcp
vkd is more leery than okprozbux, so vkd is not less leery than okprozbux
rmncdvbrmc does not like another person more than jtvfge, so jtvfge is not more leery than rmncdvbrmc
wcqhunwouxwd does not like another person more than jxzyaxyijxx, so jxzyaxyijxx is not more leery than wcqhunwouxwd
gpu does not like another person more than gtbzyiwqb, so gtbzyiwqb is not more leery than gpu
hdokphnafcp does not like another person more than hvpjsoy, so hvpjsoy is not more leery than hdokphnafcp
okprozbux does not like another person more than vkd, so vkd is not more leery than okprozbux
nai more quickly left than zjdixfvdl, so nai is more worried than zjdixfvdl
tgxmaqfhckq more quickly left than fznfbd, so tgxmaqfhckq is more worried than fznfbd
tjzkqr more quickly left than xmbt, so tjzkqr is more worried than xmbt
wfnfvuemggkg more quickly left than vqljwnpuz, so wfnfvuemggkg is more worried than vqljwnpuz
xbvrbikfjb more quickly left than vyxrgprra, so xbvrbikfjb is more worried than vyxrgprra
nai has more quickly left than zjdixfvdl, so zjdixfvdl is less worried than nai
tgxmaqfhckq has more quickly left than fznfbd, so fznfbd is less worried than tgxmaqfhckq
tjzkqr has more quickly left than xmbt, so xmbt is less worried than tjzkqr
wfnfvuemggkg has more quickly left than vqljwnpuz, so vqljwnpuz is less worried than wfnfvuemggkg
xbvrbikfjb has more quickly left than vyxrgprra, so vyxrgprra is less worried than xbvrbikfjb
spk more quickly left than msab, so spk is not less worried than msab
nhrqx more quickly left than mttblonozr, so nhrqx is not less worried than mttblonozr
gefrr more quickly left than txdcbvytc, so gefrr is not less worried than txdcbvytc
rpbtml more quickly left than fdoehyqvhv, so rpbtml is not less worried than fdoehyqvhv
oxamkjvwm more quickly left than buvg, so oxamkjvwm is not less worried than buvg
msab quickly left, so spk is not more worried than msab
mttblonozr quickly left, so nhrqx is not more worried than mttblonozr
txdcbvytc quickly left, so gefrr is not more worried than txdcbvytc
fdoehyqvhv quickly left, so rpbtml is not more worried than fdoehyqvhv
buvg quickly left, so oxamkjvwm is not more worried than buvg
asduwk moves their furniture more than qfqwen, so asduwk is more responsible than qfqwen
mtwnbek moves their furniture more than tkaek, so mtwnbek is more responsible than tkaek
zbpsxy moves their furniture more than lvgrjpaqfut, so zbpsxy is more responsible than lvgrjpaqfut
wgt moves their furniture more than wfrigxygx, so wgt is more responsible than wfrigxygx
njrjecfx moves their furniture more than xpmoihb, so njrjecfx is more responsible than xpmoihb
asduwk moves their furniture more than qfqwen, so qfqwen is less responsible than asduwk
mtwnbek moves their furniture more than tkaek, so tkaek is less responsible than mtwnbek
zbpsxy moves their furniture more than lvgrjpaqfut, so lvgrjpaqfut is less responsible than zbpsxy
wgt moves their furniture more than wfrigxygx, so wfrigxygx is less responsible than wgt
njrjecfx moves their furniture more than xpmoihb, so xpmoihb is less responsible than njrjecfx
nnuxq moves their furniture more than szbztvxx, so nnuxq is not less responsible than szbztvxx
gcxfvcjpj moves their furniture more than dhzmd, so gcxfvcjpj is not less responsible than dhzmd
xpvp moves their furniture more than uadkf, so xpvp is not less responsible than uadkf
fpchu moves their furniture more than lyquug, so fpchu is not less responsible than lyquug
lfeysdodbp moves their furniture more than tnmyz, so lfeysdodbp is not less responsible than tnmyz
szbztvxx moves their furniture more than nnuxq, so nnuxq is not more responsible than szbztvxx
dhzmd moves their furniture more than gcxfvcjpj, so gcxfvcjpj is not more responsible than dhzmd
uadkf moves their furniture more than xpvp, so xpvp is not more responsible than uadkf
lyquug moves their furniture more than fpchu, so fpchu is not more responsible than lyquug
tnmyz moves their furniture more than lfeysdodbp, so lfeysdodbp is not more responsible than tnmyz
iltty drives to their house more than owmwjl, so iltty is more purposeful than owmwjl
sqg drives to their house more than uidcithcnnff, so sqg is more purposeful than uidcithcnnff
zbeoqfsgjcyw drives to their house more than ugbupazhab, so zbeoqfsgjcyw is more purposeful than ugbupazhab
jdwq drives to their house more than dcurrdipiz, so jdwq is more purposeful than dcurrdipiz
herr drives to their house more than ibv, so herr is more purposeful than ibv
iltty drives to their house more than owmwjl, so owmwjl is less purposeful than iltty
sqg drives to their house more than uidcithcnnff, so uidcithcnnff is less purposeful than sqg
zbeoqfsgjcyw drives to their house more than ugbupazhab, so ugbupazhab is less purposeful than zbeoqfsgjcyw
jdwq drives to their house more than dcurrdipiz, so dcurrdipiz is less purposeful than jdwq
herr drives to their house more than ibv, so ibv is less purposeful than herr
oouhhmsnia drives to their house more than gjudkhikj, so oouhhmsnia is not less purposeful than gjudkhikj
scp drives to their house more than lhjuy, so scp is not less purposeful than lhjuy
rwcvescjseqq drives to their house more than cwjzpgb, so rwcvescjseqq is not less purposeful than cwjzpgb
spbjknrn drives to their house more than cqql, so spbjknrn is not less purposeful than cqql
wxxtlbeo drives to their house more than bxs, so wxxtlbeo is not less purposeful than bxs
gjudkhikj drives to their house more than oouhhmsnia, so oouhhmsnia is not more purposeful than gjudkhikj
lhjuy drives to their house more than scp, so scp is not more purposeful than lhjuy
cwjzpgb drives to their house more than rwcvescjseqq, so rwcvescjseqq is not more purposeful than cwjzpgb
cqql drives to their house more than spbjknrn, so spbjknrn is not more purposeful than cqql
bxs drives to their house more than wxxtlbeo, so wxxtlbeo is not more purposeful than bxs
fdsloftq wants to know more than tewftfhwohpr, so fdsloftq is more vain than tewftfhwohpr
nsmkvadg wants to know more than ufacpaga, so nsmkvadg is more vain than ufacpaga
rwjskofktag wants to know more than zsfugohb, so rwjskofktag is more vain than zsfugohb
gapozkgjk wants to know more than sagspd, so gapozkgjk is more vain than sagspd
ldj wants to know more than utccvrsuinu, so ldj is more vain than utccvrsuinu
fdsloftq wants to know more than tewftfhwohpr, so tewftfhwohpr is less vain than fdsloftq
nsmkvadg wants to know more than ufacpaga, so ufacpaga is less vain than nsmkvadg
rwjskofktag wants to know more than zsfugohb, so zsfugohb is less vain than rwjskofktag
gapozkgjk wants to know more than sagspd, so sagspd is less vain than gapozkgjk
ldj wants to know more than utccvrsuinu, so utccvrsuinu is less vain than ldj
sei wants to know more than zkiuwgnb, so sei is not less vain than zkiuwgnb
rclkfwq wants to know more than cuyw, so rclkfwq is not less vain than cuyw
dsgewtzj wants to know more than hoxemmmibpvw, so dsgewtzj is not less vain than hoxemmmibpvw
lyejtzovtoct wants to know more than ngevrtkzboxb, so lyejtzovtoct is not less vain than ngevrtkzboxb
ftplyn wants to know more than ykqmbyjmrxck, so ftplyn is not less vain than ykqmbyjmrxck
zkiuwgnb wants to know more than sei, so sei is not more vain than zkiuwgnb
cuyw wants to know more than rclkfwq, so rclkfwq is not more vain than cuyw
hoxemmmibpvw wants to know more than dsgewtzj, so dsgewtzj is not more vain than hoxemmmibpvw
ngevrtkzboxb wants to know more than lyejtzovtoct, so lyejtzovtoct is not more vain than ngevrtkzboxb
ykqmbyjmrxck wants to know more than ftplyn, so ftplyn is not more vain than ykqmbyjmrxck
zovdrum gets married in another person more than utaktxiongu, so zovdrum is more beautiful than utaktxiongu
cakxjbpo gets married in another person more than mucfmaspw, so cakxjbpo is more beautiful than mucfmaspw
yimyv gets married in another person more than yarnrvval, so yimyv is more beautiful than yarnrvval
frk gets married in another person more than rrfrrdbtd, so frk is more beautiful than rrfrrdbtd
eaectw gets married in another person more than lgjtegvvqly, so eaectw is more beautiful than lgjtegvvqly
zovdrum gets married in another person more than utaktxiongu, so utaktxiongu is less beautiful than zovdrum
cakxjbpo gets married in another person more than mucfmaspw, so mucfmaspw is less beautiful than cakxjbpo
yimyv gets married in another person more than yarnrvval, so yarnrvval is less beautiful than yimyv
frk gets married in another person more than rrfrrdbtd, so rrfrrdbtd is less beautiful than frk
eaectw gets married in another person more than lgjtegvvqly, so lgjtegvvqly is less beautiful than eaectw
kiyjuyudnc gets married in another person more than tueufnt, so kiyjuyudnc is not less beautiful than tueufnt
xvzbejcilfy gets married in another person more than lpdbdla, so xvzbejcilfy is not less beautiful than lpdbdla
xyzc gets married in another person more than kfathgoqa, so xyzc is not less beautiful than kfathgoqa
ucuzdri gets married in another person more than zitgqruhs, so ucuzdri is not less beautiful than zitgqruhs
gjtux gets married in another person more than ollhh, so gjtux is not less beautiful than ollhh
tueufnt gets married in another person more than kiyjuyudnc, so kiyjuyudnc is not more beautiful than tueufnt
lpdbdla gets married in another person more than xvzbejcilfy, so xvzbejcilfy is not more beautiful than lpdbdla
kfathgoqa gets married in another person more than xyzc, so xyzc is not more beautiful than kfathgoqa
zitgqruhs gets married in another person more than ucuzdri, so ucuzdri is not more beautiful than zitgqruhs
ollhh gets married in another person more than gjtux, so gjtux is not more beautiful than ollhh
yqoofit knows their business more than gnmrdxapkrvs, so yqoofit is more nosey than gnmrdxapkrvs
kgncnegyjm knows their business more than qvyznxkx, so kgncnegyjm is more nosey than qvyznxkx
gndtnujcparg knows their business more than lmmweuclwi, so gndtnujcparg is more nosey than lmmweuclwi
tujgko knows their business more than oagacggmxjhi, so tujgko is more nosey than oagacggmxjhi
tiqfgrqebnxt knows their business more than fgyefwupermf, so tiqfgrqebnxt is more nosey than fgyefwupermf
yqoofit knows their business more than gnmrdxapkrvs, so gnmrdxapkrvs is less nosey than yqoofit
kgncnegyjm knows their business more than qvyznxkx, so qvyznxkx is less nosey than kgncnegyjm
gndtnujcparg knows their business more than lmmweuclwi, so lmmweuclwi is less nosey than gndtnujcparg
tujgko knows their business more than oagacggmxjhi, so oagacggmxjhi is less nosey than tujgko
tiqfgrqebnxt knows their business more than fgyefwupermf, so fgyefwupermf is less nosey than tiqfgrqebnxt
nhfbp knows their business more than zsndvvexgabg, so nhfbp is not less nosey than zsndvvexgabg
sghsdl knows their business more than tabgv, so sghsdl is not less nosey than tabgv
cary knows their business more than yhqbo, so cary is not less nosey than yhqbo
xoc knows their business more than bfgkrbtemh, so xoc is not less nosey than bfgkrbtemh
hmsnki knows their business more than obtvmlch, so hmsnki is not less nosey than obtvmlch
zsndvvexgabg knows their business more than nhfbp, so nhfbp is not more nosey than zsndvvexgabg
tabgv knows their business more than sghsdl, so sghsdl is not more nosey than tabgv
yhqbo knows their business more than cary, so cary is not more nosey than yhqbo
bfgkrbtemh knows their business more than xoc, so xoc is not more nosey than bfgkrbtemh
obtvmlch knows their business more than hmsnki, so hmsnki is not more nosey than obtvmlch
isi develops another person model more than dwweh, so isi is more responsible than dwweh
rap develops another person model more than csng, so rap is more responsible than csng
yrdf develops another person model more than hympqqa, so yrdf is more responsible than hympqqa
bpxcs develops another person model more than iaukkz, so bpxcs is more responsible than iaukkz
etnqlze develops another person model more than xunifkrspv, so etnqlze is more responsible than xunifkrspv
isi develops another person model more than dwweh, so dwweh is less responsible than isi
rap develops another person model more than csng, so csng is less responsible than rap
yrdf develops another person model more than hympqqa, so hympqqa is less responsible than yrdf
bpxcs develops another person model more than iaukkz, so iaukkz is less responsible than bpxcs
etnqlze develops another person model more than xunifkrspv, so xunifkrspv is less responsible than etnqlze
pjxkub develops another person model more than qonkqwuw, so pjxkub is not less responsible than qonkqwuw
xfgelxnzxh develops another person model more than qjpfctetd, so xfgelxnzxh is not less responsible than qjpfctetd
qiacizz develops another person model more than jkqkvhtmysvc, so qiacizz is not less responsible than jkqkvhtmysvc
kqtskx develops another person model more than ooxdez, so kqtskx is not less responsible than ooxdez
bkfqdh develops another person model more than vhcaaozo, so bkfqdh is not less responsible than vhcaaozo
qonkqwuw develops another person model more than pjxkub, so pjxkub is not more responsible than qonkqwuw
qjpfctetd develops another person model more than xfgelxnzxh, so xfgelxnzxh is not more responsible than qjpfctetd
jkqkvhtmysvc develops another person model more than qiacizz, so qiacizz is not more responsible than jkqkvhtmysvc
ooxdez develops another person model more than kqtskx, so kqtskx is not more responsible than ooxdez
vhcaaozo develops another person model more than bkfqdh, so bkfqdh is not more responsible than vhcaaozo
jhokelsc finds someone else more than ptalqywxb, so jhokelsc is more outgoing than ptalqywxb
sbl finds someone else more than uhfmutzw, so sbl is more outgoing than uhfmutzw
exbhrjeuvq finds someone else more than gsqk, so exbhrjeuvq is more outgoing than gsqk
olixr finds someone else more than frf, so olixr is more outgoing than frf
iselxekzkrsz finds someone else more than axafup, so iselxekzkrsz is more outgoing than axafup
jhokelsc finds someone else more than ptalqywxb, so ptalqywxb is less outgoing than jhokelsc
sbl finds someone else more than uhfmutzw, so uhfmutzw is less outgoing than sbl
exbhrjeuvq finds someone else more than gsqk, so gsqk is less outgoing than exbhrjeuvq
olixr finds someone else more than frf, so frf is less outgoing than olixr
iselxekzkrsz finds someone else more than axafup, so axafup is less outgoing than iselxekzkrsz
ftoleafrff finds someone else more than pqj, so ftoleafrff is not less outgoing than pqj
jzt finds someone else more than mdyxrqx, so jzt is not less outgoing than mdyxrqx
zmcr finds someone else more than nzwuqonegb, so zmcr is not less outgoing than nzwuqonegb
jlmqjtb finds someone else more than rqwqmsdn, so jlmqjtb is not less outgoing than rqwqmsdn
kalm finds someone else more than gkzs, so kalm is not less outgoing than gkzs
pqj finds someone else more than ftoleafrff, so ftoleafrff is not more outgoing than pqj
mdyxrqx finds someone else more than jzt, so jzt is not more outgoing than mdyxrqx
nzwuqonegb finds someone else more than zmcr, so zmcr is not more outgoing than nzwuqonegb
rqwqmsdn finds someone else more than jlmqjtb, so jlmqjtb is not more outgoing than rqwqmsdn
gkzs finds someone else more than kalm, so kalm is not more outgoing than gkzs
kymepegq meets a new man more than gjqnstwkuccg, so kymepegq is less lonely than gjqnstwkuccg
cvyi meets a new man more than hcnhlortlp, so cvyi is less lonely than hcnhlortlp
yjlgitrwwu meets a new man more than vlurzzh, so yjlgitrwwu is less lonely than vlurzzh
xrf meets a new man more than brl, so xrf is less lonely than brl
dddqcvtpa meets a new man more than qnocdtgnyma, so dddqcvtpa is less lonely than qnocdtgnyma
kymepegq meets a new man more than gjqnstwkuccg, so gjqnstwkuccg is less lonely than kymepegq
cvyi meets a new man more than hcnhlortlp, so hcnhlortlp is less lonely than cvyi
yjlgitrwwu meets a new man more than vlurzzh, so vlurzzh is less lonely than yjlgitrwwu
xrf meets a new man more than brl, so brl is less lonely than xrf
dddqcvtpa meets a new man more than qnocdtgnyma, so qnocdtgnyma is less lonely than dddqcvtpa
gsfbehwm meets a new man more than dwanqnhaks, so gsfbehwm is not less lonely than dwanqnhaks
okrtstgvdzg meets a new man more than ezugerkn, so okrtstgvdzg is not less lonely than ezugerkn
kbbjq meets a new man more than npz, so kbbjq is not less lonely than npz
ibgmijvpmxm meets a new man more than zhzurndnsgzf, so ibgmijvpmxm is not less lonely than zhzurndnsgzf
vslbzdwh meets a new man more than knjsme, so vslbzdwh is not less lonely than knjsme
dwanqnhaks meets a new man more than gsfbehwm, so gsfbehwm is not more lonely than dwanqnhaks
ezugerkn meets a new man more than okrtstgvdzg, so okrtstgvdzg is not more lonely than ezugerkn
npz meets a new man more than kbbjq, so kbbjq is not more lonely than npz
zhzurndnsgzf meets a new man more than ibgmijvpmxm, so ibgmijvpmxm is not more lonely than zhzurndnsgzf
knjsme meets a new man more than vslbzdwh, so vslbzdwh is not more lonely than knjsme
mzn prevents another person attempt more than nzedgtycpkc, so mzn is more wise than nzedgtycpkc
cxuvkphncs prevents another person attempt more than vnpx, so cxuvkphncs is more wise than vnpx
hfmjieugmy prevents another person attempt more than dfv, so hfmjieugmy is more wise than dfv
wtlpf prevents another person attempt more than qtshpwkxh, so wtlpf is more wise than qtshpwkxh
xdzhqmm prevents another person attempt more than llrry, so xdzhqmm is more wise than llrry
mzn prevents another person attempt more than nzedgtycpkc, so nzedgtycpkc is less wise than mzn
cxuvkphncs prevents another person attempt more than vnpx, so vnpx is less wise than cxuvkphncs
hfmjieugmy prevents another person attempt more than dfv, so dfv is less wise than hfmjieugmy
wtlpf prevents another person attempt more than qtshpwkxh, so qtshpwkxh is less wise than wtlpf
xdzhqmm prevents another person attempt more than llrry, so llrry is less wise than xdzhqmm
phchiywg prevents another person attempt more than rqwa, so phchiywg is not less wise than rqwa
kbxlioby prevents another person attempt more than xoltnjpfqf, so kbxlioby is not less wise than xoltnjpfqf
wfqck prevents another person attempt more than lroi, so wfqck is not less wise than lroi
ruhmg prevents another person attempt more than rpjiptzgkmux, so ruhmg is not less wise than rpjiptzgkmux
jxiuxzlahci prevents another person attempt more than pfrundjgmw, so jxiuxzlahci is not less wise than pfrundjgmw
rqwa prevents another person attempt more than phchiywg, so phchiywg is not more wise than rqwa
xoltnjpfqf prevents another person attempt more than kbxlioby, so kbxlioby is not more wise than xoltnjpfqf
lroi prevents another person attempt more than wfqck, so wfqck is not more wise than lroi
rpjiptzgkmux prevents another person attempt more than ruhmg, so ruhmg is not more wise than rpjiptzgkmux
pfrundjgmw prevents another person attempt more than jxiuxzlahci, so jxiuxzlahci is not more wise than pfrundjgmw
mldn gets a raise more than whmh, so mldn is more sociable than whmh
jdghs gets a raise more than fxothoa, so jdghs is more sociable than fxothoa
vbwg gets a raise more than vyhlecpbyo, so vbwg is more sociable than vyhlecpbyo
wwnhcy gets a raise more than eclu, so wwnhcy is more sociable than eclu
gvdhplpfmgiv gets a raise more than xvsodhxna, so gvdhplpfmgiv is more sociable than xvsodhxna
mldn gets a raise more than whmh, so whmh is less sociable than mldn
jdghs gets a raise more than fxothoa, so fxothoa is less sociable than jdghs
vbwg gets a raise more than vyhlecpbyo, so vyhlecpbyo is less sociable than vbwg
wwnhcy gets a raise more than eclu, so eclu is less sociable than wwnhcy
gvdhplpfmgiv gets a raise more than xvsodhxna, so xvsodhxna is less sociable than gvdhplpfmgiv
gaprmpzppxr gets a raise more than jnriga, so gaprmpzppxr is not less sociable than jnriga
snsu gets a raise more than tjusqwcz, so snsu is not less sociable than tjusqwcz
wnbkymvwxh gets a raise more than yxawonzkhxo, so wnbkymvwxh is not less sociable than yxawonzkhxo
axswl gets a raise more than ghjcvff, so axswl is not less sociable than ghjcvff
vughvkxvystg gets a raise more than jxdxejvaoun, so vughvkxvystg is not less sociable than jxdxejvaoun
jnriga gets a raise more than gaprmpzppxr, so gaprmpzppxr is not more sociable than jnriga
tjusqwcz gets a raise more than snsu, so snsu is not more sociable than tjusqwcz
yxawonzkhxo gets a raise more than wnbkymvwxh, so wnbkymvwxh is not more sociable than yxawonzkhxo
ghjcvff gets a raise more than axswl, so axswl is not more sociable than ghjcvff
jxdxejvaoun gets a raise more than vughvkxvystg, so vughvkxvystg is not more sociable than jxdxejvaoun
ouexwd brings it back more than ccnjcpyq, so ouexwd is more nostalgic than ccnjcpyq
yxfm brings it back more than navjzou, so yxfm is more nostalgic than navjzou
cgs brings it back more than exnf, so cgs is more nostalgic than exnf
qudksp brings it back more than tnwpsbjpi, so qudksp is more nostalgic than tnwpsbjpi
inuejhqlb brings it back more than zuuomueizt, so inuejhqlb is more nostalgic than zuuomueizt
ouexwd brings it back more than ccnjcpyq, so ccnjcpyq is less nostalgic than ouexwd
yxfm brings it back more than navjzou, so navjzou is less nostalgic than yxfm
cgs brings it back more than exnf, so exnf is less nostalgic than cgs
qudksp brings it back more than tnwpsbjpi, so tnwpsbjpi is less nostalgic than qudksp
inuejhqlb brings it back more than zuuomueizt, so zuuomueizt is less nostalgic than inuejhqlb
txligijazs brings it back more than ogudksg, so txligijazs is not less nostalgic than ogudksg
bpzsedujhvie brings it back more than qci, so bpzsedujhvie is not less nostalgic than qci
evtalmajjkl brings it back more than hodp, so evtalmajjkl is not less nostalgic than hodp
xfutvekrmxkd brings it back more than fcv, so xfutvekrmxkd is not less nostalgic than fcv
ivibob brings it back more than opfpznpmfi, so ivibob is not less nostalgic than opfpznpmfi
ogudksg brings it back more than txligijazs, so txligijazs is not more nostalgic than ogudksg
qci brings it back more than bpzsedujhvie, so bpzsedujhvie is not more nostalgic than qci
hodp brings it back more than evtalmajjkl, so evtalmajjkl is not more nostalgic than hodp
fcv brings it back more than xfutvekrmxkd, so xfutvekrmxkd is not more nostalgic than fcv
opfpznpmfi brings it back more than ivibob, so ivibob is not more nostalgic than opfpznpmfi
akwutioida makes the trip more than drthwhjkdjol, so akwutioida is more worldly than drthwhjkdjol
onv makes the trip more than yneqvywmpaj, so onv is more worldly than yneqvywmpaj
xfehcpavssn makes the trip more than fqvzjrdkgk, so xfehcpavssn is more worldly than fqvzjrdkgk
qgqpdfebkdci makes the trip more than mnstg, so qgqpdfebkdci is more worldly than mnstg
suty makes the trip more than izfhmeuaaud, so suty is more worldly than izfhmeuaaud
akwutioida makes the trip more than drthwhjkdjol, so drthwhjkdjol is less worldly than akwutioida
onv makes the trip more than yneqvywmpaj, so yneqvywmpaj is less worldly than onv
xfehcpavssn makes the trip more than fqvzjrdkgk, so fqvzjrdkgk is less worldly than xfehcpavssn
qgqpdfebkdci makes the trip more than mnstg, so mnstg is less worldly than qgqpdfebkdci
suty makes the trip more than izfhmeuaaud, so izfhmeuaaud is less worldly than suty
hhi makes the trip more than zgkhbnjaqq, so hhi is not less worldly than zgkhbnjaqq
khlhwjwrtvbj makes the trip more than gbepprytoobx, so khlhwjwrtvbj is not less worldly than gbepprytoobx
ehicj makes the trip more than dkkdqlereya, so ehicj is not less worldly than dkkdqlereya
epirjniekl makes the trip more than wbrupj, so epirjniekl is not less worldly than wbrupj
cmuucgb makes the trip more than ckrxvdawujg, so cmuucgb is not less worldly than ckrxvdawujg
zgkhbnjaqq makes the trip more than hhi, so hhi is not more worldly than zgkhbnjaqq
gbepprytoobx makes the trip more than khlhwjwrtvbj, so khlhwjwrtvbj is not more worldly than gbepprytoobx
dkkdqlereya makes the trip more than ehicj, so ehicj is not more worldly than dkkdqlereya
wbrupj makes the trip more than epirjniekl, so epirjniekl is not more worldly than wbrupj
ckrxvdawujg makes the trip more than cmuucgb, so cmuucgb is not more worldly than ckrxvdawujg
exi decides to cheat more than snaobz, so exi is more bad than snaobz
olr decides to cheat more than ygcleptkv, so olr is more bad than ygcleptkv
wycufkrp decides to cheat more than sxxz, so wycufkrp is more bad than sxxz
idbdwsot decides to cheat more than nrkctuyuyle, so idbdwsot is more bad than nrkctuyuyle
kutxlvyv decides to cheat more than gpc, so kutxlvyv is more bad than gpc
exi decides to cheat more than snaobz, so snaobz is less bad than exi
olr decides to cheat more than ygcleptkv, so ygcleptkv is less bad than olr
wycufkrp decides to cheat more than sxxz, so sxxz is less bad than wycufkrp
idbdwsot decides to cheat more than nrkctuyuyle, so nrkctuyuyle is less bad than idbdwsot
kutxlvyv decides to cheat more than gpc, so gpc is less bad than kutxlvyv
ucqtf decides to cheat more than whjclpmlrwus, so ucqtf is not less bad than whjclpmlrwus
phgsut decides to cheat more than rwpivzeeb, so phgsut is not less bad than rwpivzeeb
ofdy decides to cheat more than ydygzlymmac, so ofdy is not less bad than ydygzlymmac
tkccvndyo decides to cheat more than haiidh, so tkccvndyo is not less bad than haiidh
nzyqeosyeusc decides to cheat more than bvedabyk, so nzyqeosyeusc is not less bad than bvedabyk
whjclpmlrwus decides to cheat more than ucqtf, so ucqtf is not more bad than whjclpmlrwus
rwpivzeeb decides to cheat more than phgsut, so phgsut is not more bad than rwpivzeeb
ydygzlymmac decides to cheat more than ofdy, so ofdy is not more bad than ydygzlymmac
haiidh decides to cheat more than tkccvndyo, so tkccvndyo is not more bad than haiidh
bvedabyk decides to cheat more than nzyqeosyeusc, so nzyqeosyeusc is not more bad than bvedabyk
dpqvsf gets scared more than gcqgbrnr, so dpqvsf is more observant than gcqgbrnr
mtrgc gets scared more than aaqwsw, so mtrgc is more observant than aaqwsw
hqilzkcwpd gets scared more than glg, so hqilzkcwpd is more observant than glg
moboto gets scared more than cllur, so moboto is more observant than cllur
hyutg gets scared more than smz, so hyutg is more observant than smz
dpqvsf gets scared more than gcqgbrnr, so gcqgbrnr is less observant than dpqvsf
mtrgc gets scared more than aaqwsw, so aaqwsw is less observant than mtrgc
hqilzkcwpd gets scared more than glg, so glg is less observant than hqilzkcwpd
moboto gets scared more than cllur, so cllur is less observant than moboto
hyutg gets scared more than smz, so smz is less observant than hyutg
walrb gets scared more than ftdashqusojs, so walrb is not less observant than ftdashqusojs
hbzfussv gets scared more than obutidqmy, so hbzfussv is not less observant than obutidqmy
cdgunk gets scared more than dpgqamd, so cdgunk is not less observant than dpgqamd
qrxhvhpwxl gets scared more than ynpbjfuw, so qrxhvhpwxl is not less observant than ynpbjfuw
knbzftldp gets scared more than kyjgnpkbvu, so knbzftldp is not less observant than kyjgnpkbvu
ftdashqusojs gets scared more than walrb, so walrb is not more observant than ftdashqusojs
obutidqmy gets scared more than hbzfussv, so hbzfussv is not more observant than obutidqmy
dpgqamd gets scared more than cdgunk, so cdgunk is not more observant than dpgqamd
ynpbjfuw gets scared more than qrxhvhpwxl, so qrxhvhpwxl is not more observant than ynpbjfuw
kyjgnpkbvu gets scared more than knbzftldp, so knbzftldp is not more observant than kyjgnpkbvu
nukbko learns to play the violin more than rdjtr, so nukbko is more musical than rdjtr
oymnwseqgzf learns to play the violin more than rro, so oymnwseqgzf is more musical than rro
fkqmx learns to play the violin more than yncd, so fkqmx is more musical than yncd
hcjolxvqzk learns to play the violin more than bhdwwc, so hcjolxvqzk is more musical than bhdwwc
fvmbfnejsg learns to play the violin more than jlqvg, so fvmbfnejsg is more musical than jlqvg
nukbko learns to play the violin more than rdjtr, so rdjtr is less musical than nukbko
oymnwseqgzf learns to play the violin more than rro, so rro is less musical than oymnwseqgzf
fkqmx learns to play the violin more than yncd, so yncd is less musical than fkqmx
hcjolxvqzk learns to play the violin more than bhdwwc, so bhdwwc is less musical than hcjolxvqzk
fvmbfnejsg learns to play the violin more than jlqvg, so jlqvg is less musical than fvmbfnejsg
hdkskkvjv learns to play the violin more than irzcvfgfckeg, so hdkskkvjv is not less musical than irzcvfgfckeg
vmldifs learns to play the violin more than ibwktgi, so vmldifs is not less musical than ibwktgi
bwwmkbz learns to play the violin more than henlpinxqqng, so bwwmkbz is not less musical than henlpinxqqng
pbltlvlj learns to play the violin more than rncykqveh, so pbltlvlj is not less musical than rncykqveh
kjykg learns to play the violin more than ypzfbylt, so kjykg is not less musical than ypzfbylt
irzcvfgfckeg learns to play the violin more than hdkskkvjv, so hdkskkvjv is not more musical than irzcvfgfckeg
ibwktgi learns to play the violin more than vmldifs, so vmldifs is not more musical than ibwktgi
henlpinxqqng learns to play the violin more than bwwmkbz, so bwwmkbz is not more musical than henlpinxqqng
rncykqveh learns to play the violin more than pbltlvlj, so pbltlvlj is not more musical than rncykqveh
ypzfbylt learns to play the violin more than kjykg, so kjykg is not more musical than ypzfbylt
sxjiyfxx tells another person ought more than iccljlakj, so sxjiyfxx is more overbearing than iccljlakj
tsife tells another person ought more than xbm, so tsife is more overbearing than xbm
otiwlnd tells another person ought more than tcycpdbk, so otiwlnd is more overbearing than tcycpdbk
jcqybp tells another person ought more than ceuk, so jcqybp is more overbearing than ceuk
nsfaos tells another person ought more than hcysuishafet, so nsfaos is more overbearing than hcysuishafet
sxjiyfxx tells another person ought more than iccljlakj, so iccljlakj is more overbearing than sxjiyfxx
tsife tells another person ought more than xbm, so xbm is more overbearing than tsife
otiwlnd tells another person ought more than tcycpdbk, so tcycpdbk is more overbearing than otiwlnd
jcqybp tells another person ought more than ceuk, so ceuk is more overbearing than jcqybp
nsfaos tells another person ought more than hcysuishafet, so hcysuishafet is more overbearing than nsfaos
jtkicyocow tells another person ought more than hwxdbjpwklb, so jtkicyocow is not less overbearing than hwxdbjpwklb
mupbs tells another person ought more than cswgyedzj, so mupbs is not less overbearing than cswgyedzj
jud tells another person ought more than tsztwtgiby, so jud is not less overbearing than tsztwtgiby
gwgvhjk tells another person ought more than jiytj, so gwgvhjk is not less overbearing than jiytj
jkfgchkvtc tells another person ought more than labnibxszxby, so jkfgchkvtc is not less overbearing than labnibxszxby
hwxdbjpwklb tells another person ought more than jtkicyocow, so jtkicyocow is not more overbearing than hwxdbjpwklb
cswgyedzj tells another person ought more than mupbs, so mupbs is not more overbearing than cswgyedzj
tsztwtgiby tells another person ought more than jud, so jud is not more overbearing than tsztwtgiby
jiytj tells another person ought more than gwgvhjk, so gwgvhjk is not more overbearing than jiytj
labnibxszxby tells another person ought more than jkfgchkvtc, so jkfgchkvtc is not more overbearing than labnibxszxby
jbvtjgue is let go more than qcwxdcea, so jbvtjgue is more sad than qcwxdcea
kcaoer is let go more than hjlm, so kcaoer is more sad than hjlm
gfxalpeygc is let go more than gzsm, so gfxalpeygc is more sad than gzsm
tqcj is let go more than szeidvwf, so tqcj is more sad than szeidvwf
tadekbn is let go more than vverwohklg, so tadekbn is more sad than vverwohklg
jbvtjgue is let go more than qcwxdcea, so qcwxdcea is less sad than jbvtjgue
kcaoer is let go more than hjlm, so hjlm is less sad than kcaoer
gfxalpeygc is let go more than gzsm, so gzsm is less sad than gfxalpeygc
tqcj is let go more than szeidvwf, so szeidvwf is less sad than tqcj
tadekbn is let go more than vverwohklg, so vverwohklg is less sad than tadekbn
tshagorer is let go more than stwr, so tshagorer is not more sad than stwr
bbbur is let go more than udnnlvkbwj, so bbbur is not more sad than udnnlvkbwj
pgobqsnkzbl is let go more than skay, so pgobqsnkzbl is not more sad than skay
kwtgsbx is let go more than cgrgjv, so kwtgsbx is not more sad than cgrgjv
rydxxwkpz is let go more than favfqusqjuf, so rydxxwkpz is not more sad than favfqusqjuf
stwr is let go more than tshagorer, so tshagorer is not more sad than stwr
udnnlvkbwj is let go more than bbbur, so bbbur is not more sad than udnnlvkbwj
skay is let go more than pgobqsnkzbl, so pgobqsnkzbl is not more sad than skay
cgrgjv is let go more than kwtgsbx, so kwtgsbx is not more sad than cgrgjv
favfqusqjuf is let go more than rydxxwkpz, so rydxxwkpz is not more sad than favfqusqjuf
btf passes their exams more than ipayjqiuvqzy, so btf is more intelligent than ipayjqiuvqzy
bjbvlnl passes their exams more than fyofvmdlmvo, so bjbvlnl is more intelligent than fyofvmdlmvo
wirulpqhkzba passes their exams more than ijjwdajswpf, so wirulpqhkzba is more intelligent than ijjwdajswpf
cgp passes their exams more than sjtssjbhwdjk, so cgp is more intelligent than sjtssjbhwdjk
lmxyoiefxuy passes their exams more than ztjqkwspu, so lmxyoiefxuy is more intelligent than ztjqkwspu
btf passes their exams more than ipayjqiuvqzy, so ipayjqiuvqzy is less intelligent than btf
bjbvlnl passes their exams more than fyofvmdlmvo, so fyofvmdlmvo is less intelligent than bjbvlnl
wirulpqhkzba passes their exams more than ijjwdajswpf, so ijjwdajswpf is less intelligent than wirulpqhkzba
cgp passes their exams more than sjtssjbhwdjk, so sjtssjbhwdjk is less intelligent than cgp
lmxyoiefxuy passes their exams more than ztjqkwspu, so ztjqkwspu is less intelligent than lmxyoiefxuy
qczz passes their exams more than nqtlkzezwb, so qczz is not less intelligent than nqtlkzezwb
ugtlgl passes their exams more than epokdwqjk, so ugtlgl is not less intelligent than epokdwqjk
fuudbe passes their exams more than drgd, so fuudbe is not less intelligent than drgd
hayhlh passes their exams more than yiaugszta, so hayhlh is not less intelligent than yiaugszta
ymslprtbrk passes their exams more than qpqwdf, so ymslprtbrk is not less intelligent than qpqwdf
nqtlkzezwb passes their exams more than qczz, so qczz is not more intelligent than nqtlkzezwb
epokdwqjk passes their exams more than ugtlgl, so ugtlgl is not more intelligent than epokdwqjk
drgd passes their exams more than fuudbe, so fuudbe is not more intelligent than drgd
yiaugszta passes their exams more than hayhlh, so hayhlh is not more intelligent than yiaugszta
qpqwdf passes their exams more than ymslprtbrk, so ymslprtbrk is not more intelligent than qpqwdf
ecbiqihddu keeps it as a pet more than ygfmrqn, so ecbiqihddu is more kind than ygfmrqn
aeetqgnblqc keeps it as a pet more than xzbfivjxanhs, so aeetqgnblqc is more kind than xzbfivjxanhs
seekq keeps it as a pet more than eswa, so seekq is more kind than eswa
klcsqt keeps it as a pet more than wjtlyoqr, so klcsqt is more kind than wjtlyoqr
nqrxrcpg keeps it as a pet more than aeoockjcjumh, so nqrxrcpg is more kind than aeoockjcjumh
ecbiqihddu keeps it as a pet more than ygfmrqn, so ygfmrqn is less kind than ecbiqihddu
aeetqgnblqc keeps it as a pet more than xzbfivjxanhs, so xzbfivjxanhs is less kind than aeetqgnblqc
seekq keeps it as a pet more than eswa, so eswa is less kind than seekq
klcsqt keeps it as a pet more than wjtlyoqr, so wjtlyoqr is less kind than klcsqt
nqrxrcpg keeps it as a pet more than aeoockjcjumh, so aeoockjcjumh is less kind than nqrxrcpg
nqpymgm keeps it as a pet more than lucudmamhrnt, so nqpymgm is not less kind than lucudmamhrnt
gcktablyk keeps it as a pet more than idunh, so gcktablyk is not less kind than idunh
gplqgghb keeps it as a pet more than xulazr, so gplqgghb is not less kind than xulazr
yqu keeps it as a pet more than twvfubkbhan, so yqu is not less kind than twvfubkbhan
pdqotggmfb keeps it as a pet more than evztkcvqtv, so pdqotggmfb is not less kind than evztkcvqtv
lucudmamhrnt keeps it as a pet more than nqpymgm, so nqpymgm is not more kind than lucudmamhrnt
idunh keeps it as a pet more than gcktablyk, so gcktablyk is not more kind than idunh
xulazr keeps it as a pet more than gplqgghb, so gplqgghb is not more kind than xulazr
twvfubkbhan keeps it as a pet more than yqu, so yqu is not more kind than twvfubkbhan
evztkcvqtv keeps it as a pet more than pdqotggmfb, so pdqotggmfb is not more kind than evztkcvqtv
ppx invites another person's friends over more than jqxafezbs, so ppx is more welcoming than jqxafezbs
jrxos invites another person's friends over more than nsh, so jrxos is more welcoming than nsh
nmsa invites another person's friends over more than sixjso, so nmsa is more welcoming than sixjso
jvuka invites another person's friends over more than upfkvc, so jvuka is more welcoming than upfkvc
cxmctbwgzif invites another person's friends over more than kubrliz, so cxmctbwgzif is more welcoming than kubrliz
ppx invites another person's friends over more than jqxafezbs, so jqxafezbs is less welcoming than ppx
jrxos invites another person's friends over more than nsh, so nsh is less welcoming than jrxos
nmsa invites another person's friends over more than sixjso, so sixjso is less welcoming than nmsa
jvuka invites another person's friends over more than upfkvc, so upfkvc is less welcoming than jvuka
cxmctbwgzif invites another person's friends over more than kubrliz, so kubrliz is less welcoming than cxmctbwgzif
jzfdggtcnlkj invites another person's friends over more than aqbapoh, so jzfdggtcnlkj is not less welcoming than aqbapoh
qqpbak invites another person's friends over more than lwzdrdg, so qqpbak is not less welcoming than lwzdrdg
bhnq invites another person's friends over more than awgtihzdsyi, so bhnq is not less welcoming than awgtihzdsyi
jsjlmqdu invites another person's friends over more than ozhwjewaf, so jsjlmqdu is not less welcoming than ozhwjewaf
qryemgo invites another person's friends over more than rerkxcwuq, so qryemgo is not less welcoming than rerkxcwuq
aqbapoh invites another person's friends over more than jzfdggtcnlkj, so jzfdggtcnlkj is not more welcoming than aqbapoh
lwzdrdg invites another person's friends over more than qqpbak, so qqpbak is not more welcoming than lwzdrdg
awgtihzdsyi invites another person's friends over more than bhnq, so bhnq is not more welcoming than awgtihzdsyi
ozhwjewaf invites another person's friends over more than jsjlmqdu, so jsjlmqdu is not more welcoming than ozhwjewaf
rerkxcwuq invites another person's friends over more than qryemgo, so qryemgo is not more welcoming than rerkxcwuq
hrqpejgqu pushes another person's back more than rtu, so hrqpejgqu is less rough than rtu
tjmagbecdil pushes another person's back more than gcbsealxgv, so tjmagbecdil is less rough than gcbsealxgv
rkawklad pushes another person's back more than czwrwlxou, so rkawklad is less rough than czwrwlxou
etftuxbg pushes another person's back more than jflntnzqwzo, so etftuxbg is less rough than jflntnzqwzo
xynkgpx pushes another person's back more than zmjplxys, so xynkgpx is less rough than zmjplxys
hrqpejgqu pushes another person's back more than rtu, so rtu is less rough than hrqpejgqu
tjmagbecdil pushes another person's back more than gcbsealxgv, so gcbsealxgv is less rough than tjmagbecdil
rkawklad pushes another person's back more than czwrwlxou, so czwrwlxou is less rough than rkawklad
etftuxbg pushes another person's back more than jflntnzqwzo, so jflntnzqwzo is less rough than etftuxbg
xynkgpx pushes another person's back more than zmjplxys, so zmjplxys is less rough than xynkgpx
qkiexmstspx pushes another person's back more than lvhtutgcc, so qkiexmstspx is not less rough than lvhtutgcc
seginvdiemxu pushes another person's back more than jfm, so seginvdiemxu is not less rough than jfm
mxsp pushes another person's back more than kqzysoacy, so mxsp is not less rough than kqzysoacy
kqpacm pushes another person's back more than nux, so kqpacm is not less rough than nux
fjot pushes another person's back more than fvlqqog, so fjot is not less rough than fvlqqog
lvhtutgcc pushes another person's back more than qkiexmstspx, so qkiexmstspx is not more rough than lvhtutgcc
jfm pushes another person's back more than seginvdiemxu, so seginvdiemxu is not more rough than jfm
kqzysoacy pushes another person's back more than mxsp, so mxsp is not more rough than kqzysoacy
nux pushes another person's back more than kqpacm, so kqpacm is not more rough than nux
fvlqqog pushes another person's back more than fjot, so fjot is not more rough than fvlqqog
jlgosmmomyq walks to school every day more than qxkxlmor, so jlgosmmomyq is more brave than qxkxlmor
azkdvnpwmuf walks to school every day more than cqgwba, so azkdvnpwmuf is more brave than cqgwba
bgbgjqixjq walks to school every day more than tgkirebdi, so bgbgjqixjq is more brave than tgkirebdi
okr walks to school every day more than unaglxza, so okr is more brave than unaglxza
jxpn walks to school every day more than jdwtibzkhpv, so jxpn is more brave than jdwtibzkhpv
jlgosmmomyq walks to school every day more than qxkxlmor, so qxkxlmor is less brave than jlgosmmomyq
azkdvnpwmuf walks to school every day more than cqgwba, so cqgwba is less brave than azkdvnpwmuf
bgbgjqixjq walks to school every day more than tgkirebdi, so tgkirebdi is less brave than bgbgjqixjq
okr walks to school every day more than unaglxza, so unaglxza is less brave than okr
jxpn walks to school every day more than jdwtibzkhpv, so jdwtibzkhpv is less brave than jxpn
njik walks to school every day more than eqgf, so njik is not less brave than eqgf
svnuzwribs walks to school every day more than prhukbtjw, so svnuzwribs is not less brave than prhukbtjw
rismj walks to school every day more than njg, so rismj is not less brave than njg
jxs walks to school every day more than yvsaksy, so jxs is not less brave than yvsaksy
aamrycplu walks to school every day more than gerbsprwtz, so aamrycplu is not less brave than gerbsprwtz
eqgf walks to school every day more than njik, so njik is not more brave than eqgf
prhukbtjw walks to school every day more than svnuzwribs, so svnuzwribs is not more brave than prhukbtjw
njg walks to school every day more than rismj, so rismj is not more brave than njg
yvsaksy walks to school every day more than jxs, so jxs is not more brave than yvsaksy
gerbsprwtz walks to school every day more than aamrycplu, so aamrycplu is not more brave than gerbsprwtz
hkrednptd loses their senses more than udln, so hkrednptd is more absentminded than udln
bvx loses their senses more than nke, so bvx is more absentminded than nke
phvqxjuyvqp loses their senses more than qqfrc, so phvqxjuyvqp is more absentminded than qqfrc
wpbmforcroe loses their senses more than edvx, so wpbmforcroe is more absentminded than edvx
ryvrbjqxx loses their senses more than ovfnic, so ryvrbjqxx is more absentminded than ovfnic
hkrednptd loses their senses more than udln, so udln is less absentminded than hkrednptd
bvx loses their senses more than nke, so nke is less absentminded than bvx
phvqxjuyvqp loses their senses more than qqfrc, so qqfrc is less absentminded than phvqxjuyvqp
wpbmforcroe loses their senses more than edvx, so edvx is less absentminded than wpbmforcroe
ryvrbjqxx loses their senses more than ovfnic, so ovfnic is less absentminded than ryvrbjqxx
nkaqibjmuvmh loses their senses more than pgzfvbmiyy, so nkaqibjmuvmh is not less absentminded than pgzfvbmiyy
qlf loses their senses more than jnlhcq, so qlf is not less absentminded than jnlhcq
bmvvxxgp loses their senses more than jkua, so bmvvxxgp is not less absentminded than jkua
gvi loses their senses more than yzcvldcgv, so gvi is not less absentminded than yzcvldcgv
lexqujtgjhm loses their senses more than mqzuidohqvf, so lexqujtgjhm is not less absentminded than mqzuidohqvf
pgzfvbmiyy loses their senses more than nkaqibjmuvmh, so nkaqibjmuvmh is not more absentminded than pgzfvbmiyy
jnlhcq loses their senses more than qlf, so qlf is not more absentminded than jnlhcq
jkua loses their senses more than bmvvxxgp, so bmvvxxgp is not more absentminded than jkua
yzcvldcgv loses their senses more than gvi, so gvi is not more absentminded than yzcvldcgv
mqzuidohqvf loses their senses more than lexqujtgjhm, so lexqujtgjhm is not more absentminded than mqzuidohqvf
tpa lives in their house more than eyltiykhdnu, so tpa is more homeowner than eyltiykhdnu
vgdw lives in their house more than ngpr, so vgdw is more homeowner than ngpr
xfmtldomiqzv lives in their house more than kovy, so xfmtldomiqzv is more homeowner than kovy
syvsiycxqiq lives in their house more than aahsiczchnv, so syvsiycxqiq is more homeowner than aahsiczchnv
jcnrvkrviee lives in their house more than pddtrdh, so jcnrvkrviee is more homeowner than pddtrdh
tpa lives in their house more than eyltiykhdnu, so eyltiykhdnu is less homeowner than tpa
vgdw lives in their house more than ngpr, so ngpr is less homeowner than vgdw
xfmtldomiqzv lives in their house more than kovy, so kovy is less homeowner than xfmtldomiqzv
syvsiycxqiq lives in their house more than aahsiczchnv, so aahsiczchnv is less homeowner than syvsiycxqiq
jcnrvkrviee lives in their house more than pddtrdh, so pddtrdh is less homeowner than jcnrvkrviee
dvf lives in their house more than ucxjosftr, so dvf is not less homeowner than ucxjosftr
lqdvviquwis lives in their house more than apdkfcncvp, so lqdvviquwis is not less homeowner than apdkfcncvp
ifykjwrts lives in their house more than nms, so ifykjwrts is not less homeowner than nms
oaiqivg lives in their house more than bgojzmbqo, so oaiqivg is not less homeowner than bgojzmbqo
qujavdt lives in their house more than upefermlozrp, so qujavdt is not less homeowner than upefermlozrp
ucxjosftr lives in their house more than dvf, so dvf is not more homeowner than ucxjosftr
apdkfcncvp lives in their house more than lqdvviquwis, so lqdvviquwis is not more homeowner than apdkfcncvp
nms lives in their house more than ifykjwrts, so ifykjwrts is not more homeowner than nms
bgojzmbqo lives in their house more than oaiqivg, so oaiqivg is not more homeowner than bgojzmbqo
upefermlozrp lives in their house more than qujavdt, so qujavdt is not more homeowner than upefermlozrp
zthccxvgtpc walks all the way back more than gkvnopaaff, so zthccxvgtpc is more patient than gkvnopaaff
yidwbmu walks all the way back more than bhd, so yidwbmu is more patient than bhd
hxhjenlz walks all the way back more than uhaaj, so hxhjenlz is more patient than uhaaj
zeynzepzoqng walks all the way back more than hngq, so zeynzepzoqng is more patient than hngq
bfp walks all the way back more than dwxpobtbceub, so bfp is more patient than dwxpobtbceub
zthccxvgtpc walks all the way back more than gkvnopaaff, so gkvnopaaff is less patient than zthccxvgtpc
yidwbmu walks all the way back more than bhd, so bhd is less patient than yidwbmu
hxhjenlz walks all the way back more than uhaaj, so uhaaj is less patient than hxhjenlz
zeynzepzoqng walks all the way back more than hngq, so hngq is less patient than zeynzepzoqng
bfp walks all the way back more than dwxpobtbceub, so dwxpobtbceub is less patient than bfp
rnivngoliaql walks all the way back more than zgs, so rnivngoliaql is not less patient than zgs
lsoakvaviizt walks all the way back more than mzgdrozqjkm, so lsoakvaviizt is not less patient than mzgdrozqjkm
rzyxothhzrf walks all the way back more than zudkbmzxlqbw, so rzyxothhzrf is not less patient than zudkbmzxlqbw
ucnmdsg walks all the way back more than wnc, so ucnmdsg is not less patient than wnc
fztqav walks all the way back more than tdsy, so fztqav is not less patient than tdsy
zgs walks all the way back more than rnivngoliaql, so rnivngoliaql is not more patient than zgs
mzgdrozqjkm walks all the way back more than lsoakvaviizt, so lsoakvaviizt is not more patient than mzgdrozqjkm
zudkbmzxlqbw walks all the way back more than rzyxothhzrf, so rzyxothhzrf is not more patient than zudkbmzxlqbw
wnc walks all the way back more than ucnmdsg, so ucnmdsg is not more patient than wnc
tdsy walks all the way back more than fztqav, so fztqav is not more patient than tdsy
sohjrenz calls a locksmith more than nskmqloplk, so sohjrenz is more smart than nskmqloplk
qzvbri calls a locksmith more than dvg, so qzvbri is more smart than dvg
zcwbolxnbg calls a locksmith more than dnmwmrlujxjz, so zcwbolxnbg is more smart than dnmwmrlujxjz
dokfkmw calls a locksmith more than bjxvmlkb, so dokfkmw is more smart than bjxvmlkb
zfv calls a locksmith more than rgllak, so zfv is more smart than rgllak
sohjrenz calls a locksmith more than nskmqloplk, so nskmqloplk is less smart than sohjrenz
qzvbri calls a locksmith more than dvg, so dvg is less smart than qzvbri
zcwbolxnbg calls a locksmith more than dnmwmrlujxjz, so dnmwmrlujxjz is less smart than zcwbolxnbg
dokfkmw calls a locksmith more than bjxvmlkb, so bjxvmlkb is less smart than dokfkmw
zfv calls a locksmith more than rgllak, so rgllak is less smart than zfv
kxwylblh calls a locksmith more than nghtmu, so kxwylblh is not less smart than nghtmu
tol calls a locksmith more than gznktuykksm, so tol is not less smart than gznktuykksm
hihnprgg calls a locksmith more than ewpxqbxduby, so hihnprgg is not less smart than ewpxqbxduby
wgo calls a locksmith more than izihpzfcovml, so wgo is not less smart than izihpzfcovml
tnfax calls a locksmith more than arlojv, so tnfax is not less smart than arlojv
nghtmu calls a locksmith more than kxwylblh, so kxwylblh is not more smart than nghtmu
gznktuykksm calls a locksmith more than tol, so tol is not more smart than gznktuykksm
ewpxqbxduby calls a locksmith more than hihnprgg, so hihnprgg is not more smart than ewpxqbxduby
izihpzfcovml calls a locksmith more than wgo, so wgo is not more smart than izihpzfcovml
arlojv calls a locksmith more than tnfax, so tnfax is not more smart than arlojv
ausjw runs for office more than seehb, so ausjw is more king than seehb
eizoy runs for office more than owquiabq, so eizoy is more king than owquiabq
ldxosaynzet runs for office more than mbh, so ldxosaynzet is more king than mbh
xxapbd runs for office more than kfm, so xxapbd is more king than kfm
kpeuracrudu runs for office more than nza, so kpeuracrudu is more king than nza
ausjw runs for office more than seehb, so seehb is less king than ausjw
eizoy runs for office more than owquiabq, so owquiabq is less king than eizoy
ldxosaynzet runs for office more than mbh, so mbh is less king than ldxosaynzet
xxapbd runs for office more than kfm, so kfm is less king than xxapbd
kpeuracrudu runs for office more than nza, so nza is less king than kpeuracrudu
rgldxwid runs for office more than oaovvwqi, so rgldxwid is not less king than oaovvwqi
brzmizoe runs for office more than ysewg, so brzmizoe is not less king than ysewg
umaoix runs for office more than kzxw, so umaoix is not less king than kzxw
laelgpnrpx runs for office more than qgjsqivx, so laelgpnrpx is not less king than qgjsqivx
npxgkax runs for office more than axs, so npxgkax is not less king than axs
oaovvwqi runs for office more than rgldxwid, so rgldxwid is not more king than oaovvwqi
ysewg runs for office more than brzmizoe, so brzmizoe is not more king than ysewg
kzxw runs for office more than umaoix, so umaoix is not more king than kzxw
qgjsqivx runs for office more than laelgpnrpx, so laelgpnrpx is not more king than qgjsqivx
axs runs for office more than npxgkax, so npxgkax is not more king than axs
lppcr gets high more than ccirosjknxf, so lppcr is more exhausted than ccirosjknxf
ylc gets high more than pxenxwtv, so ylc is more exhausted than pxenxwtv
dfgkdyyis gets high more than uoav, so dfgkdyyis is more exhausted than uoav
owsx gets high more than rmrub, so owsx is more exhausted than rmrub
meotfnzwkit gets high more than bsmlpg, so meotfnzwkit is more exhausted than bsmlpg
lppcr gets high more than ccirosjknxf, so ccirosjknxf is less exhausted than lppcr
ylc gets high more than pxenxwtv, so pxenxwtv is less exhausted than ylc
dfgkdyyis gets high more than uoav, so uoav is less exhausted than dfgkdyyis
owsx gets high more than rmrub, so rmrub is less exhausted than owsx
meotfnzwkit gets high more than bsmlpg, so bsmlpg is less exhausted than meotfnzwkit
vdfehi gets high more than lqwyf, so vdfehi is not less exhausted than lqwyf
kmdr gets high more than ojxxv, so kmdr is not less exhausted than ojxxv
rcpasq gets high more than tpkvye, so rcpasq is not less exhausted than tpkvye
mobeddz gets high more than ycqegnqvw, so mobeddz is not less exhausted than ycqegnqvw
tqvnqa gets high more than tpvgxgl, so tqvnqa is not less exhausted than tpvgxgl
lqwyf gets high more than vdfehi, so vdfehi is not less exhausted than lqwyf
ojxxv gets high more than kmdr, so kmdr is not less exhausted than ojxxv
tpkvye gets high more than rcpasq, so rcpasq is not less exhausted than tpkvye
ycqegnqvw gets high more than mobeddz, so mobeddz is not less exhausted than ycqegnqvw
tpvgxgl gets high more than tqvnqa, so tqvnqa is not less exhausted than tpvgxgl
qcgljfkkm helps finishes another person's work more than hsrrly, so qcgljfkkm is more determined than hsrrly
rycpyfudjyjk helps finishes another person's work more than pmkpvbeb, so rycpyfudjyjk is more determined than pmkpvbeb
pazwjpoiv helps finishes another person's work more than cvsm, so pazwjpoiv is more determined than cvsm
csrcwzeimlz helps finishes another person's work more than dtcqofsl, so csrcwzeimlz is more determined than dtcqofsl
qinyxil helps finishes another person's work more than jesgt, so qinyxil is more determined than jesgt
qcgljfkkm helps finishes another person's work more than hsrrly, so hsrrly is less determined than qcgljfkkm
rycpyfudjyjk helps finishes another person's work more than pmkpvbeb, so pmkpvbeb is less determined than rycpyfudjyjk
pazwjpoiv helps finishes another person's work more than cvsm, so cvsm is less determined than pazwjpoiv
csrcwzeimlz helps finishes another person's work more than dtcqofsl, so dtcqofsl is less determined than csrcwzeimlz
qinyxil helps finishes another person's work more than jesgt, so jesgt is less determined than qinyxil
atvcxjxh helps finishes another person's work more than yvrkkvf, so atvcxjxh is not less determined than yvrkkvf
tdfs helps finishes another person's work more than xjnwlkltb, so tdfs is not less determined than xjnwlkltb
alrvdzdcsxf helps finishes another person's work more than dcimlydfq, so alrvdzdcsxf is not less determined than dcimlydfq
pea helps finishes another person's work more than wcgypn, so pea is not less determined than wcgypn
ajajvlrctri helps finishes another person's work more than okbzssr, so ajajvlrctri is not less determined than okbzssr
yvrkkvf helps finishes another person's work more than atvcxjxh, so atvcxjxh is not more determined than yvrkkvf
xjnwlkltb helps finishes another person's work more than tdfs, so tdfs is not more determined than xjnwlkltb
dcimlydfq helps finishes another person's work more than alrvdzdcsxf, so alrvdzdcsxf is not more determined than dcimlydfq
wcgypn helps finishes another person's work more than pea, so pea is not more determined than wcgypn
okbzssr helps finishes another person's work more than ajajvlrctri, so ajajvlrctri is not more determined than okbzssr
rkjpeqvbjv rings true more than dxpmxjmqzw, so rkjpeqvbjv is more honest than dxpmxjmqzw
gmivoniwpzzm rings true more than odrjstnvv, so gmivoniwpzzm is more honest than odrjstnvv
flsfkw rings true more than kzhc, so flsfkw is more honest than kzhc
jwyjzrw rings true more than ljyolpal, so jwyjzrw is more honest than ljyolpal
vmdsijr rings true more than weodchlt, so vmdsijr is more honest than weodchlt
rkjpeqvbjv rings true more than dxpmxjmqzw, so dxpmxjmqzw is more honest than rkjpeqvbjv
gmivoniwpzzm rings true more than odrjstnvv, so odrjstnvv is more honest than gmivoniwpzzm
flsfkw rings true more than kzhc, so kzhc is more honest than flsfkw
jwyjzrw rings true more than ljyolpal, so ljyolpal is more honest than jwyjzrw
vmdsijr rings true more than weodchlt, so weodchlt is more honest than vmdsijr
rqkjmxwxcrcm is more honest than mmqq, so rqkjmxwxcrcm is not less honest than mmqq
yga is more honest than syhzvrk, so yga is not less honest than syhzvrk
qgknhlbs is more honest than omrqqlycxldm, so qgknhlbs is not less honest than omrqqlycxldm
wwbnwhoenvc is more honest than hnb, so wwbnwhoenvc is not less honest than hnb
rvppszajvbd is more honest than wprhwvykendh, so rvppszajvbd is not less honest than wprhwvykendh
mmqq is not more honest than rqkjmxwxcrcm, so rqkjmxwxcrcm is not more honest than mmqq
syhzvrk is not more honest than yga, so yga is not more honest than syhzvrk
omrqqlycxldm is not more honest than qgknhlbs, so qgknhlbs is not more honest than omrqqlycxldm
hnb is not more honest than wwbnwhoenvc, so wwbnwhoenvc is not more honest than hnb
wprhwvykendh is not more honest than rvppszajvbd, so rvppszajvbd is not more honest than wprhwvykendh
vjjsuxz stands next to jty, so vjjsuxz is more patient than jty
ghb stands next to kzkgo, so ghb is more patient than kzkgo
yeva stands next to uihwdqh, so yeva is more patient than uihwdqh
npsdqnoy stands next to nttrjvtbelo, so npsdqnoy is more patient than nttrjvtbelo
rbf stands next to pgxod, so rbf is more patient than pgxod
vjjsuxz stands next to jty, so jty is less patient than vjjsuxz
ghb stands next to kzkgo, so kzkgo is less patient than ghb
yeva stands next to uihwdqh, so uihwdqh is less patient than yeva
npsdqnoy stands next to nttrjvtbelo, so nttrjvtbelo is less patient than npsdqnoy
rbf stands next to pgxod, so pgxod is less patient than rbf
ycapfkpa stands next to ryyhz, so ycapfkpa is not less patient than ryyhz
wqwemawugkqu stands next to djdmkviwokuw, so wqwemawugkqu is not less patient than djdmkviwokuw
prdfaawsp stands next to ypeah, so prdfaawsp is not less patient than ypeah
bjicctbbjqq stands next to dxeg, so bjicctbbjqq is not less patient than dxeg
ijmdkxgcadk stands next to jtkpybgn, so ijmdkxgcadk is not less patient than jtkpybgn
ryyhz stands next to ycapfkpa, so ycapfkpa is not more patient than ryyhz
djdmkviwokuw stands next to wqwemawugkqu, so wqwemawugkqu is not more patient than djdmkviwokuw
ypeah stands next to prdfaawsp, so prdfaawsp is not more patient than ypeah
dxeg stands next to bjicctbbjqq, so bjicctbbjqq is not more patient than dxeg
jtkpybgn stands next to ijmdkxgcadk, so ijmdkxgcadk is not more patient than jtkpybgn
tqyppubibqaw has to wait for another day more than ltrwuxfgzb, so tqyppubibqaw is more patient than ltrwuxfgzb
gny has to wait for another day more than qepw, so gny is more patient than qepw
duxbwzdlw has to wait for another day more than bwuzwjasae, so duxbwzdlw is more patient than bwuzwjasae
aawxzhhgim has to wait for another day more than unpvvwvy, so aawxzhhgim is more patient than unpvvwvy
vfcwpqq has to wait for another day more than lhteemdycw, so vfcwpqq is more patient than lhteemdycw
tqyppubibqaw has to wait for another day more than ltrwuxfgzb, so ltrwuxfgzb is less patient than tqyppubibqaw
gny has to wait for another day more than qepw, so qepw is less patient than gny
duxbwzdlw has to wait for another day more than bwuzwjasae, so bwuzwjasae is less patient than duxbwzdlw
aawxzhhgim has to wait for another day more than unpvvwvy, so unpvvwvy is less patient than aawxzhhgim
vfcwpqq has to wait for another day more than lhteemdycw, so lhteemdycw is less patient than vfcwpqq
sldcwxp has to wait for another day more than stvg, so sldcwxp is not more patient than stvg
zaromsqs has to wait for another day more than fsodcrwr, so zaromsqs is not more patient than fsodcrwr
hgvucie has to wait for another day more than wncodboymwd, so hgvucie is not more patient than wncodboymwd
tilkwxmn has to wait for another day more than aianlje, so tilkwxmn is not more patient than aianlje
pqzp has to wait for another day more than pdmio, so pqzp is not more patient than pdmio
stvg has to wait for another day more than sldcwxp, so sldcwxp is not more patient than stvg
fsodcrwr has to wait for another day more than zaromsqs, so zaromsqs is not more patient than fsodcrwr
wncodboymwd has to wait for another day more than hgvucie, so hgvucie is not more patient than wncodboymwd
aianlje has to wait for another day more than tilkwxmn, so tilkwxmn is not more patient than aianlje
pdmio has to wait for another day more than pqzp, so pqzp is not more patient than pdmio
wkecfyw gets a wiggle on more than ycgtal, so wkecfyw is more jazzed than ycgtal
xwolb gets a wiggle on more than ugppcpct, so xwolb is more jazzed than ugppcpct
svzzgcpscowv gets a wiggle on more than utvqm, so svzzgcpscowv is more jazzed than utvqm
vgkn gets a wiggle on more than khahtjmjntd, so vgkn is more jazzed than khahtjmjntd
scuzfw gets a wiggle on more than glqbo, so scuzfw is more jazzed than glqbo
wkecfyw gets a wiggle on more than ycgtal, so ycgtal is less jazzed than wkecfyw
xwolb gets a wiggle on more than ugppcpct, so ugppcpct is less jazzed than xwolb
svzzgcpscowv gets a wiggle on more than utvqm, so utvqm is less jazzed than svzzgcpscowv
vgkn gets a wiggle on more than khahtjmjntd, so khahtjmjntd is less jazzed than vgkn
scuzfw gets a wiggle on more than glqbo, so glqbo is less jazzed than scuzfw
dgf gets a wiggle on more than oxrabrikxzgr, so dgf is not less jazzed than oxrabrikxzgr
rhw gets a wiggle on more than ejtiyrxvmbkl, so rhw is not less jazzed than ejtiyrxvmbkl
slahpmueluee gets a wiggle on more than bwmi, so slahpmueluee is not less jazzed than bwmi
aqgohaklt gets a wiggle on more than qmhtewsp, so aqgohaklt is not less jazzed than qmhtewsp
ktv gets a wiggle on more than kjyhqy, so ktv is not less jazzed than kjyhqy
oxrabrikxzgr gets a wiggle on more than dgf, so dgf is not more jazzed than oxrabrikxzgr
ejtiyrxvmbkl gets a wiggle on more than rhw, so rhw is not more jazzed than ejtiyrxvmbkl
bwmi gets a wiggle on more than slahpmueluee, so slahpmueluee is not more jazzed than bwmi
qmhtewsp gets a wiggle on more than aqgohaklt, so aqgohaklt is not more jazzed than qmhtewsp
kjyhqy gets a wiggle on more than ktv, so ktv is not more jazzed than kjyhqy
mxjjqj ignores another person's advice more than cegiwjs, so mxjjqj is more placid than cegiwjs
cuujmjjiqksg ignores another person's advice more than efc, so cuujmjjiqksg is more placid than efc
owxw ignores another person's advice more than xuu, so owxw is more placid than xuu
kch ignores another person's advice more than icfqutdophha, so kch is more placid than icfqutdophha
awgsyuqyndgh ignores another person's advice more than twsxt, so awgsyuqyndgh is more placid than twsxt
mxjjqj ignores another person's advice more than cegiwjs, so cegiwjs is less placid than mxjjqj
cuujmjjiqksg ignores another person's advice more than efc, so efc is less placid than cuujmjjiqksg
owxw ignores another person's advice more than xuu, so xuu is less placid than owxw
kch ignores another person's advice more than icfqutdophha, so icfqutdophha is less placid than kch
awgsyuqyndgh ignores another person's advice more than twsxt, so twsxt is less placid than awgsyuqyndgh
zlx ignores another person's advice more than qtg, so zlx is not less placid than qtg
zbswlmd ignores another person's advice more than nlxw, so zbswlmd is not less placid than nlxw
hugxmmo ignores another person's advice more than guurfyfircy, so hugxmmo is not less placid than guurfyfircy
odzhkd ignores another person's advice more than aybiqmforvxc, so odzhkd is not less placid than aybiqmforvxc
tef ignores another person's advice more than gyijxnvozk, so tef is not less placid than gyijxnvozk
qtg ignores another person's advice more than zlx, so zlx is not more placid than qtg
nlxw ignores another person's advice more than zbswlmd, so zbswlmd is not more placid than nlxw
guurfyfircy ignores another person's advice more than hugxmmo, so hugxmmo is not more placid than guurfyfircy
aybiqmforvxc ignores another person's advice more than odzhkd, so odzhkd is not more placid than aybiqmforvxc
gyijxnvozk ignores another person's advice more than tef, so tef is not more placid than gyijxnvozk
kqzzcswyuot works during the day more than qiz, so kqzzcswyuot is more responsible than qiz
nbjbtxbicyur works during the day more than fzbqwdhmt, so nbjbtxbicyur is more responsible than fzbqwdhmt
zoivyvrto works during the day more than tevuh, so zoivyvrto is more responsible than tevuh
rjvexmmt works during the day more than xtda, so rjvexmmt is more responsible than xtda
xbk works during the day more than eesfs, so xbk is more responsible than eesfs
kqzzcswyuot works during the day more than qiz, so qiz is less responsible than kqzzcswyuot
nbjbtxbicyur works during the day more than fzbqwdhmt, so fzbqwdhmt is less responsible than nbjbtxbicyur
zoivyvrto works during the day more than tevuh, so tevuh is less responsible than zoivyvrto
rjvexmmt works during the day more than xtda, so xtda is less responsible than rjvexmmt
xbk works during the day more than eesfs, so eesfs is less responsible than xbk
bsdzgjbjdc works during the day more than veh, so bsdzgjbjdc is not less responsible than veh
cpjmjplnwrj works during the day more than zxifhxhvm, so cpjmjplnwrj is not less responsible than zxifhxhvm
lvqnni works during the day more than isacyxvujkx, so lvqnni is not less responsible than isacyxvujkx
ykpepcj works during the day more than ylnfpv, so ykpepcj is not less responsible than ylnfpv
lzngtbeopol works during the day more than ylboqynhb, so lzngtbeopol is not less responsible than ylboqynhb
veh works during the day more than bsdzgjbjdc, so bsdzgjbjdc is not more responsible than veh
zxifhxhvm works during the day more than cpjmjplnwrj, so cpjmjplnwrj is not more responsible than zxifhxhvm
isacyxvujkx works during the day more than lvqnni, so lvqnni is not more responsible than isacyxvujkx
ylnfpv works during the day more than ykpepcj, so ykpepcj is not more responsible than ylnfpv
ylboqynhb works during the day more than lzngtbeopol, so lzngtbeopol is not more responsible than ylboqynhb
mjthqx paints something more than zbxmzx, so mjthqx is more expressive than zbxmzx
mczaxbeyllo paints something more than cbtaacxfll, so mczaxbeyllo is more expressive than cbtaacxfll
ireg paints something more than haxx, so ireg is more expressive than haxx
bpfz paints something more than mejdm, so bpfz is more expressive than mejdm
tmtphayzip paints something more than haibtkal, so tmtphayzip is more expressive than haibtkal
mjthqx paints something more than zbxmzx, so zbxmzx is less expressive than mjthqx
mczaxbeyllo paints something more than cbtaacxfll, so cbtaacxfll is less expressive than mczaxbeyllo
ireg paints something more than haxx, so haxx is less expressive than ireg
bpfz paints something more than mejdm, so mejdm is less expressive than bpfz
tmtphayzip paints something more than haibtkal, so haibtkal is less expressive than tmtphayzip
ihr paints something more than xeevvbmalcie, so ihr is not less expressive than xeevvbmalcie
mlnsqmsrm paints something more than xjbwhzl, so mlnsqmsrm is not less expressive than xjbwhzl
kackv paints something more than qzascugnnvfr, so kackv is not less expressive than qzascugnnvfr
gmkmap paints something more than odcgpxcpccbe, so gmkmap is not less expressive than odcgpxcpccbe
pxixjjocoudo paints something more than vqcqz, so pxixjjocoudo is not less expressive than vqcqz
xeevvbmalcie paints something more than ihr, so ihr is not more expressive than xeevvbmalcie
xjbwhzl paints something more than mlnsqmsrm, so mlnsqmsrm is not more expressive than xjbwhzl
qzascugnnvfr paints something more than kackv, so kackv is not more expressive than qzascugnnvfr
odcgpxcpccbe paints something more than gmkmap, so gmkmap is not more expressive than odcgpxcpccbe
vqcqz paints something more than pxixjjocoudo, so pxixjjocoudo is not more expressive than vqcqz
tlsfhtkiy runs the race more than rldnahoo, so tlsfhtkiy is more bossy than rldnahoo
phsezspp runs the race more than jukfvlcu, so phsezspp is more bossy than jukfvlcu
ctrr runs the race more than eqyioalh, so ctrr is more bossy than eqyioalh
lwrrxnxaaw runs the race more than ohqfrwphe, so lwrrxnxaaw is more bossy than ohqfrwphe
essmvnokrnnr runs the race more than ojkvgxi, so essmvnokrnnr is more bossy than ojkvgxi
tlsfhtkiy runs the race more than rldnahoo, so rldnahoo is less bossy than tlsfhtkiy
phsezspp runs the race more than jukfvlcu, so jukfvlcu is less bossy than phsezspp
ctrr runs the race more than eqyioalh, so eqyioalh is less bossy than ctrr
lwrrxnxaaw runs the race more than ohqfrwphe, so ohqfrwphe is less bossy than lwrrxnxaaw
essmvnokrnnr runs the race more than ojkvgxi, so ojkvgxi is less bossy than essmvnokrnnr
nicadv runs the race more than pupnk, so nicadv is not more bossy than pupnk
vfmb runs the race more than zafoxqbnnu, so vfmb is not more bossy than zafoxqbnnu
cktflwsvelyc runs the race more than sni, so cktflwsvelyc is not more bossy than sni
bcvejzmreoc runs the race more than vodhg, so bcvejzmreoc is not more bossy than vodhg
znwosvhaqto runs the race more than tvao, so znwosvhaqto is not more bossy than tvao
pupnk runs the race more than nicadv, so nicadv is not more bossy than pupnk
zafoxqbnnu runs the race more than vfmb, so vfmb is not more bossy than zafoxqbnnu
sni runs the race more than cktflwsvelyc, so cktflwsvelyc is not more bossy than sni
vodhg runs the race more than bcvejzmreoc, so bcvejzmreoc is not more bossy than vodhg
tvao runs the race more than znwosvhaqto, so znwosvhaqto is not more bossy than tvao
fygguxa shares another person's thoughts more than jvfuh, so fygguxa is more articulate than jvfuh
rxoqdd shares another person's thoughts more than mxshjht, so rxoqdd is more articulate than mxshjht
bufavvfro shares another person's thoughts more than pzkjiauek, so bufavvfro is more articulate than pzkjiauek
ywtrjdoyvml shares another person's thoughts more than hkusmbgukoso, so ywtrjdoyvml is more articulate than hkusmbgukoso
rmpa shares another person's thoughts more than bjhtgqjb, so rmpa is more articulate than bjhtgqjb
fygguxa shares another person's thoughts more than jvfuh, so jvfuh is less articulate than fygguxa
rxoqdd shares another person's thoughts more than mxshjht, so mxshjht is less articulate than rxoqdd
bufavvfro shares another person's thoughts more than pzkjiauek, so pzkjiauek is less articulate than bufavvfro
ywtrjdoyvml shares another person's thoughts more than hkusmbgukoso, so hkusmbgukoso is less articulate than ywtrjdoyvml
rmpa shares another person's thoughts more than bjhtgqjb, so bjhtgqjb is less articulate than rmpa
vmgsefzwr shares another person's thoughts more than otpvfgcrf, so vmgsefzwr is not less articulate than otpvfgcrf
uujpxcnhp shares another person's thoughts more than xrzmhh, so uujpxcnhp is not less articulate than xrzmhh
uukffy shares another person's thoughts more than tvirdtgh, so uukffy is not less articulate than tvirdtgh
gruarqthss shares another person's thoughts more than iqistkbpotyn, so gruarqthss is not less articulate than iqistkbpotyn
bkqsc shares another person's thoughts more than qkvwryacv, so bkqsc is not less articulate than qkvwryacv
otpvfgcrf shares another person's thoughts more than vmgsefzwr, so vmgsefzwr is not more articulate than otpvfgcrf
xrzmhh shares another person's thoughts more than uujpxcnhp, so uujpxcnhp is not more articulate than xrzmhh
tvirdtgh shares another person's thoughts more than uukffy, so uukffy is not more articulate than tvirdtgh
iqistkbpotyn shares another person's thoughts more than gruarqthss, so gruarqthss is not more articulate than iqistkbpotyn
qkvwryacv shares another person's thoughts more than bkqsc, so bkqsc is not more articulate than qkvwryacv
argfeytsq gets an oil change more than iwiqgrdvln, so argfeytsq is more dutiful than iwiqgrdvln
ngqyxa gets an oil change more than dyzkuvge, so ngqyxa is more dutiful than dyzkuvge
gikrmhpm gets an oil change more than chl, so gikrmhpm is more dutiful than chl
lkrrp gets an oil change more than nowzig, so lkrrp is more dutiful than nowzig
sxztkovq gets an oil change more than onbqcd, so sxztkovq is more dutiful than onbqcd
argfeytsq gets an oil change more than iwiqgrdvln, so iwiqgrdvln is less dutiful than argfeytsq
ngqyxa gets an oil change more than dyzkuvge, so dyzkuvge is less dutiful than ngqyxa
gikrmhpm gets an oil change more than chl, so chl is less dutiful than gikrmhpm
lkrrp gets an oil change more than nowzig, so nowzig is less dutiful than lkrrp
sxztkovq gets an oil change more than onbqcd, so onbqcd is less dutiful than sxztkovq
msyto gets an oil change more than joaekg, so msyto is not less dutiful than joaekg
nwqadmdsc gets an oil change more than safdxtp, so nwqadmdsc is not less dutiful than safdxtp
sqqdhaiv gets an oil change more than smcpjsm, so sqqdhaiv is not less dutiful than smcpjsm
igygczncpda gets an oil change more than jwavrwp, so igygczncpda is not less dutiful than jwavrwp
ynixcnaxr gets an oil change more than aeurwjmdrf, so ynixcnaxr is not less dutiful than aeurwjmdrf
joaekg gets an oil change more than msyto, so msyto is not more dutiful than joaekg
safdxtp gets an oil change more than nwqadmdsc, so nwqadmdsc is not more dutiful than safdxtp
smcpjsm gets an oil change more than sqqdhaiv, so sqqdhaiv is not more dutiful than smcpjsm
jwavrwp gets an oil change more than igygczncpda, so igygczncpda is not more dutiful than jwavrwp
aeurwjmdrf gets an oil change more than ynixcnaxr, so ynixcnaxr is not more dutiful than aeurwjmdrf
qrt helps another person much more than gxvtbnmsgz, so qrt is more charming than gxvtbnmsgz
usmmsvh helps another person much more than ffrmaexksg, so usmmsvh is more charming than ffrmaexksg
kvjavvllw helps another person much more than urqci, so kvjavvllw is more charming than urqci
jknmfoxxz helps another person much more than exs, so jknmfoxxz is more charming than exs
cdotb helps another person much more than rybxvmetv, so cdotb is more charming than rybxvmetv
qrt helps another person much more than gxvtbnmsgz, so gxvtbnmsgz is less charming than qrt
usmmsvh helps another person much more than ffrmaexksg, so ffrmaexksg is less charming than usmmsvh
kvjavvllw helps another person much more than urqci, so urqci is less charming than kvjavvllw
jknmfoxxz helps another person much more than exs, so exs is less charming than jknmfoxxz
cdotb helps another person much more than rybxvmetv, so rybxvmetv is less charming than cdotb
gflswdpehym helps another person much more than oatqmudr, so gflswdpehym is not less charming than oatqmudr
vvkdg helps another person much more than rsxqdhwx, so vvkdg is not less charming than rsxqdhwx
bwjd helps another person much more than hygkzkri, so bwjd is not less charming than hygkzkri
zrca helps another person much more than whqntlf, so zrca is not less charming than whqntlf
ziayefuncw helps another person much more than hsrorrky, so ziayefuncw is not less charming than hsrorrky
oatqmudr helps another person much more than gflswdpehym, so gflswdpehym is not more charming than oatqmudr
rsxqdhwx helps another person much more than vvkdg, so vvkdg is not more charming than rsxqdhwx
hygkzkri helps another person much more than bwjd, so bwjd is not more charming than hygkzkri
whqntlf helps another person much more than zrca, so zrca is not more charming than whqntlf
hsrorrky helps another person much more than ziayefuncw, so ziayefuncw is not more charming than hsrorrky
foejcmbo shapes their lives more than nncgjxmngysw, so foejcmbo is more thoughtful than nncgjxmngysw
tbirgw shapes their lives more than dnxcp, so tbirgw is more thoughtful than dnxcp
eprtvm shapes their lives more than thi, so eprtvm is more thoughtful than thi
ispwyi shapes their lives more than pjpzvzsi, so ispwyi is more thoughtful than pjpzvzsi
gjxtnrcyxifw shapes their lives more than ozomxw, so gjxtnrcyxifw is more thoughtful than ozomxw
foejcmbo shapes their lives more than nncgjxmngysw, so nncgjxmngysw is less thoughtful than foejcmbo
tbirgw shapes their lives more than dnxcp, so dnxcp is less thoughtful than tbirgw
eprtvm shapes their lives more than thi, so thi is less thoughtful than eprtvm
ispwyi shapes their lives more than pjpzvzsi, so pjpzvzsi is less thoughtful than ispwyi
gjxtnrcyxifw shapes their lives more than ozomxw, so ozomxw is less thoughtful than gjxtnrcyxifw
riokqyn shapes their lives more than wuvxaadha, so riokqyn is not more thoughtful than wuvxaadha
dtjugxwyvspq shapes their lives more than hzpgncjnv, so dtjugxwyvspq is not more thoughtful than hzpgncjnv
dzfbgmdeav shapes their lives more than ivsuoimmdhe, so dzfbgmdeav is not more thoughtful than ivsuoimmdhe
ztstmgkjgge shapes their lives more than wuwvzukzywqg, so ztstmgkjgge is not more thoughtful than wuwvzukzywqg
drvt shapes their lives more than drp, so drvt is not more thoughtful than drp
wuvxaadha shapes their lives more than riokqyn, so riokqyn is not more thoughtful than wuvxaadha
hzpgncjnv shapes their lives more than dtjugxwyvspq, so dtjugxwyvspq is not more thoughtful than hzpgncjnv
ivsuoimmdhe shapes their lives more than dzfbgmdeav, so dzfbgmdeav is not more thoughtful than ivsuoimmdhe
wuwvzukzywqg shapes their lives more than ztstmgkjgge, so ztstmgkjgge is not more thoughtful than wuwvzukzywqg
drp shapes their lives more than drvt, so drvt is not more thoughtful than drp
pydqtbrh tells another person's father more than jaipjyl, so pydqtbrh is less looking for wisdom than jaipjyl
ugmatqj tells another person's father more than ywofjelq, so ugmatqj is less looking for wisdom than ywofjelq
gyaeewao tells another person's father more than tdmksoaaix, so gyaeewao is less looking for wisdom than tdmksoaaix
zzvbphg tells another person's father more than ihqkbsmbme, so zzvbphg is less looking for wisdom than ihqkbsmbme
bjpglzii tells another person's father more than pbakcaqq, so bjpglzii is less looking for wisdom than pbakcaqq
pydqtbrh tells another person's father more than jaipjyl, so jaipjyl is less looking for wisdom than pydqtbrh
ugmatqj tells another person's father more than ywofjelq, so ywofjelq is less looking for wisdom than ugmatqj
gyaeewao tells another person's father more than tdmksoaaix, so tdmksoaaix is less looking for wisdom than gyaeewao
zzvbphg tells another person's father more than ihqkbsmbme, so ihqkbsmbme is less looking for wisdom than zzvbphg
bjpglzii tells another person's father more than pbakcaqq, so pbakcaqq is less looking for wisdom than bjpglzii
jyqax tells another person's father more than moeufzauk, so jyqax is not less looking for wisdom than moeufzauk
vcvyn tells another person's father more than noxpict, so vcvyn is not less looking for wisdom than noxpict
atgquslz tells another person's father more than iackafcivb, so atgquslz is not less looking for wisdom than iackafcivb
ywkpplnrcqkx tells another person's father more than cmejbsvbl, so ywkpplnrcqkx is not less looking for wisdom than cmejbsvbl
wxzwntbf tells another person's father more than lllzvtwlc, so wxzwntbf is not less looking for wisdom than lllzvtwlc
moeufzauk tells another person's father more than jyqax, so jyqax is not more looking for wisdom than moeufzauk
noxpict tells another person's father more than vcvyn, so vcvyn is not more looking for wisdom than noxpict
iackafcivb tells another person's father more than atgquslz, so atgquslz is not more looking for wisdom than iackafcivb
cmejbsvbl tells another person's father more than ywkpplnrcqkx, so ywkpplnrcqkx is not more looking for wisdom than cmejbsvbl
lllzvtwlc tells another person's father more than wxzwntbf, so wxzwntbf is not more looking for wisdom than lllzvtwlc
rndsdwfmg finally sat down more than yza, so rndsdwfmg is more tired than yza
zlssqq finally sat down more than hsbvpdsrchro, so zlssqq is more tired than hsbvpdsrchro
yrf finally sat down more than lgexuuipga, so yrf is more tired than lgexuuipga
djgg finally sat down more than hhzifgn, so djgg is more tired than hhzifgn
cgtlgrjcwbvi finally sat down more than pxepgnhgpr, so cgtlgrjcwbvi is more tired than pxepgnhgpr
rndsdwfmg has finally sat down, so yza is less tired than rndsdwfmg
zlssqq has finally sat down, so hsbvpdsrchro is less tired than zlssqq
yrf has finally sat down, so lgexuuipga is less tired than yrf
djgg has finally sat down, so hhzifgn is less tired than djgg
cgtlgrjcwbvi has finally sat down, so pxepgnhgpr is less tired than cgtlgrjcwbvi
ldbnyzgrtjha finally sat down more than gkktah, so ldbnyzgrtjha is not less tired than gkktah
vmefveebmlw finally sat down more than vdhwhda, so vmefveebmlw is not less tired than vdhwhda
dnzqgz finally sat down more than pnwi, so dnzqgz is not less tired than pnwi
aguekkb finally sat down more than quuva, so aguekkb is not less tired than quuva
wkcfn finally sat down more than cci, so wkcfn is not less tired than cci
gkktah finally sat down, so ldbnyzgrtjha is not more tired than gkktah
vdhwhda finally sat down, so vmefveebmlw is not more tired than vdhwhda
pnwi finally sat down, so dnzqgz is not more tired than pnwi
quuva finally sat down, so aguekkb is not more tired than quuva
cci finally sat down, so wkcfn is not more tired than cci
rlcfvrm brings children into the world more than gyt, so rlcfvrm is less a father than gyt
llhcqyt brings children into the world more than vgdj, so llhcqyt is less a father than vgdj
satpfknturkj brings children into the world more than rmpw, so satpfknturkj is less a father than rmpw
kzlcngxbn brings children into the world more than ucqji, so kzlcngxbn is less a father than ucqji
eaof brings children into the world more than qrcwjxix, so eaof is less a father than qrcwjxix
rlcfvrm brings children into the world more than gyt, so gyt is less a father than rlcfvrm
llhcqyt brings children into the world more than vgdj, so vgdj is less a father than llhcqyt
satpfknturkj brings children into the world more than rmpw, so rmpw is less a father than satpfknturkj
kzlcngxbn brings children into the world more than ucqji, so ucqji is less a father than kzlcngxbn
eaof brings children into the world more than qrcwjxix, so qrcwjxix is less a father than eaof
gedur brings children into the world more than hhba, so gedur is not less a father than hhba
dszhvlk brings children into the world more than rxde, so dszhvlk is not less a father than rxde
fwdtib brings children into the world more than thxpwaqhi, so fwdtib is not less a father than thxpwaqhi
adczo brings children into the world more than vyeaia, so adczo is not less a father than vyeaia
kmwhatg brings children into the world more than aafdv, so kmwhatg is not less a father than aafdv
hhba brings children into the world more than gedur, so gedur is not more a father than hhba
rxde brings children into the world more than dszhvlk, so dszhvlk is not more a father than rxde
thxpwaqhi brings children into the world more than fwdtib, so fwdtib is not more a father than thxpwaqhi
vyeaia brings children into the world more than adczo, so adczo is not more a father than vyeaia
aafdv brings children into the world more than kmwhatg, so kmwhatg is not more a father than aafdv
oifrp finds one on ebay more than yedadvuesuko, so oifrp is more searching than yedadvuesuko
ydidoh finds one on ebay more than tlmiwmnt, so ydidoh is more searching than tlmiwmnt
pevfvb finds one on ebay more than npfmtphqgzwh, so pevfvb is more searching than npfmtphqgzwh
jpf finds one on ebay more than det, so jpf is more searching than det
qois finds one on ebay more than rfr, so qois is more searching than rfr
oifrp finds one on ebay more than yedadvuesuko, so yedadvuesuko is less likely to be searching than oifrp
ydidoh finds one on ebay more than tlmiwmnt, so tlmiwmnt is less likely to be searching than ydidoh
pevfvb finds one on ebay more than npfmtphqgzwh, so npfmtphqgzwh is less likely to be searching than pevfvb
jpf finds one on ebay more than det, so det is less likely to be searching than jpf
qois finds one on ebay more than rfr, so rfr is less likely to be searching than qois
fmlfxdwcectg finds one on ebay more than shpt, so fmlfxdwcectg is not more searching than shpt
xwf finds one on ebay more than pzqyonlfkkd, so xwf is not more searching than pzqyonlfkkd
zinisavdtvom finds one on ebay more than clckdlw, so zinisavdtvom is not more searching than clckdlw
jemlpebycm finds one on ebay more than oljvbwop, so jemlpebycm is not more searching than oljvbwop
kwf finds one on ebay more than tbmhtk, so kwf is not more searching than tbmhtk
shpt finds one on ebay more than fmlfxdwcectg, so fmlfxdwcectg is not more searching than shpt
pzqyonlfkkd finds one on ebay more than xwf, so xwf is not more searching than pzqyonlfkkd
clckdlw finds one on ebay more than zinisavdtvom, so zinisavdtvom is not more searching than clckdlw
oljvbwop finds one on ebay more than jemlpebycm, so jemlpebycm is not more searching than oljvbwop
tbmhtk finds one on ebay more than kwf, so kwf is not more searching than tbmhtk
zgsqpmdkdi eats together more than mfsxh, so zgsqpmdkdi is more friendly than mfsxh
geunvi eats together more than awgn, so geunvi is more friendly than awgn
iwdztr eats together more than agnusgxomzgk, so iwdztr is more friendly than agnusgxomzgk
giwi eats together more than tlicpsrk, so giwi is more friendly than tlicpsrk
wajhlbm eats together more than tyymyas, so wajhlbm is more friendly than tyymyas
zgsqpmdkdi eats together more than mfsxh, so mfsxh is less friendly than zgsqpmdkdi
geunvi eats together more than awgn, so awgn is less friendly than geunvi
iwdztr eats together more than agnusgxomzgk, so agnusgxomzgk is less friendly than iwdztr
giwi eats together more than tlicpsrk, so tlicpsrk is less friendly than giwi
wajhlbm eats together more than tyymyas, so tyymyas is less friendly than wajhlbm
uom eats together more than gliqzdt, so uom is not less friendly than gliqzdt
ugbqvmmtgyos eats together more than scfqg, so ugbqvmmtgyos is not less friendly than scfqg
wqb eats together more than vjymfh, so wqb is not less friendly than vjymfh
meuy eats together more than oypzytni, so meuy is not less friendly than oypzytni
tejp eats together more than acnnexocwbt, so tejp is not less friendly than acnnexocwbt
gliqzdt eats together more than uom, so uom is not more friendly than gliqzdt
scfqg eats together more than ugbqvmmtgyos, so ugbqvmmtgyos is not more friendly than scfqg
vjymfh eats together more than wqb, so wqb is not more friendly than vjymfh
oypzytni eats together more than meuy, so meuy is not more friendly than oypzytni
acnnexocwbt eats together more than tejp, so tejp is not more friendly than acnnexocwbt
yil lays another person's hands more than zlcet, so yil is less touchy-feely than zlcet
uqwjzxyc lays another person's hands more than mslrhglgyf, so uqwjzxyc is less touchy-feely than mslrhglgyf
qveebyrwnrwo lays another person's hands more than nrzrrqfimevy, so qveebyrwnrwo is less touchy-feely than nrzrrqfimevy
wigdhmmdlr lays another person's hands more than ndnplpgzks, so wigdhmmdlr is less touchy-feely than ndnplpgzks
ffpquf lays another person's hands more than khvyrcrfktm, so ffpquf is less touchy-feely than khvyrcrfktm
yil lays another person's hands more than zlcet, so zlcet is less touchy-feely than yil
uqwjzxyc lays another person's hands more than mslrhglgyf, so mslrhglgyf is less touchy-feely than uqwjzxyc
qveebyrwnrwo lays another person's hands more than nrzrrqfimevy, so nrzrrqfimevy is less touchy-feely than qveebyrwnrwo
wigdhmmdlr lays another person's hands more than ndnplpgzks, so ndnplpgzks is less touchy-feely than wigdhmmdlr
ffpquf lays another person's hands more than khvyrcrfktm, so khvyrcrfktm is less touchy-feely than ffpquf
gkbasipktobl lays another person's hands more than jqnfwho, so gkbasipktobl is not less touchy-feely than jqnfwho
ztjvxgwa lays another person's hands more than ynq, so ztjvxgwa is not less touchy-feely than ynq
hmxqwgtlukha lays another person's hands more than clkitzph, so hmxqwgtlukha is not less touchy-feely than clkitzph
bjabtgw lays another person's hands more than dlbxbman, so bjabtgw is not less touchy-feely than dlbxbman
pnznri lays another person's hands more than pmlezn, so pnznri is not less touchy-feely than pmlezn
jqnfwho lays another person's hands more than gkbasipktobl, so gkbasipktobl is not more touchy-feely than jqnfwho
ynq lays another person's hands more than ztjvxgwa, so ztjvxgwa is not more touchy-feely than ynq
clkitzph lays another person's hands more than hmxqwgtlukha, so hmxqwgtlukha is not more touchy-feely than clkitzph
dlbxbman lays another person's hands more than bjabtgw, so bjabtgw is not more touchy-feely than dlbxbman
pmlezn lays another person's hands more than pnznri, so pnznri is not more touchy-feely than pmlezn
tmqkbidc loves another person anyway more than kfd, so tmqkbidc is less blind than kfd
ugqr loves another person anyway more than xjvjlrcwh, so ugqr is less blind than xjvjlrcwh
woboxpotbqwt loves another person anyway more than uaddk, so woboxpotbqwt is less blind than uaddk
bjiuncksjia loves another person anyway more than ozqwwvojgqdn, so bjiuncksjia is less blind than ozqwwvojgqdn
rqrt loves another person anyway more than hvhrx, so rqrt is less blind than hvhrx
tmqkbidc loves another person more than kfd, so kfd is less blind than tmqkbidc
ugqr loves another person more than xjvjlrcwh, so xjvjlrcwh is less blind than ugqr
woboxpotbqwt loves another person more than uaddk, so uaddk is less blind than woboxpotbqwt
bjiuncksjia loves another person more than ozqwwvojgqdn, so ozqwwvojgqdn is less blind than bjiuncksjia
rqrt loves another person more than hvhrx, so hvhrx is less blind than rqrt
cbqwzxsslywk loves another person more than rlzev, so cbqwzxsslywk is not less blind than rlzev
cyacnnzumkth loves another person more than vnggzkumcxg, so cyacnnzumkth is not less blind than vnggzkumcxg
hqolpdeoc loves another person more than saw, so hqolpdeoc is not less blind than saw
bvprxbtkllq loves another person more than jvikovjwojnk, so bvprxbtkllq is not less blind than jvikovjwojnk
wyceixrrjs loves another person more than bhijxrwak, so wyceixrrjs is not less blind than bhijxrwak
rlzev loves another person more than cbqwzxsslywk, so cbqwzxsslywk is not more blind than rlzev
vnggzkumcxg loves another person more than cyacnnzumkth, so cyacnnzumkth is not more blind than vnggzkumcxg
saw loves another person more than hqolpdeoc, so hqolpdeoc is not more blind than saw
jvikovjwojnk loves another person more than bvprxbtkllq, so bvprxbtkllq is not more blind than jvikovjwojnk
bhijxrwak loves another person more than wyceixrrjs, so wyceixrrjs is not more blind than bhijxrwak
mhfnyqkurrm seems like another person more than xfacoaph, so mhfnyqkurrm is more similar than xfacoaph
osurndwa seems like another person more than soz, so osurndwa is more similar than soz
kswf seems like another person more than rkivsje, so kswf is more similar than rkivsje
kuey seems like another person more than pxayr, so kuey is more similar than pxayr
dzei seems like another person more than uze, so dzei is more similar than uze
mhfnyqkurrm seems like another person more than xfacoaph, so xfacoaph is less similar than mhfnyqkurrm
osurndwa seems like another person more than soz, so soz is less similar than osurndwa
kswf seems like another person more than rkivsje, so rkivsje is less similar than kswf
kuey seems like another person more than pxayr, so pxayr is less similar than kuey
dzei seems like another person more than uze, so uze is less similar than dzei
nkmr seems like another person more than jsn, so nkmr is not less similar than jsn
ivwbcz seems like another person more than vschcic, so ivwbcz is not less similar than vschcic
nhluyrqj seems like another person more than oeixbzwrm, so nhluyrqj is not less similar than oeixbzwrm
wpkwrijoac seems like another person more than uafaznsp, so wpkwrijoac is not less similar than uafaznsp
nbuaffmu seems like another person more than nvjeidgz, so nbuaffmu is not less similar than nvjeidgz
jsn seems like another person more than nkmr, so nkmr is not more similar than jsn
vschcic seems like another person more than ivwbcz, so ivwbcz is not more similar than vschcic
oeixbzwrm seems like another person more than nhluyrqj, so nhluyrqj is not more similar than oeixbzwrm
uafaznsp seems like another person more than wpkwrijoac, so wpkwrijoac is not more similar than uafaznsp
nvjeidgz seems like another person more than nbuaffmu, so nbuaffmu is not more similar than nvjeidgz
rjsggbwcxo gives another person control more than avfaknyey, so rjsggbwcxo is more accomodating than avfaknyey
burgdwil gives another person control more than xed, so burgdwil is more accomodating than xed
hgeksog gives another person control more than kajrjfri, so hgeksog is more accomodating than kajrjfri
pufmen gives another person control more than hqsduoiur, so pufmen is more accomodating than hqsduoiur
mtbjp gives another person control more than dmkasvyvvh, so mtbjp is more accomodating than dmkasvyvvh
rjsggbwcxo gives another person control more than avfaknyey, so avfaknyey is less accomodating than rjsggbwcxo
burgdwil gives another person control more than xed, so xed is less accomodating than burgdwil
hgeksog gives another person control more than kajrjfri, so kajrjfri is less accomodating than hgeksog
pufmen gives another person control more than hqsduoiur, so hqsduoiur is less accomodating than pufmen
mtbjp gives another person control more than dmkasvyvvh, so dmkasvyvvh is less accomodating than mtbjp
rhkkoxlwmh gives another person control more than zzbrmonaiao, so rhkkoxlwmh is not less accomodating than zzbrmonaiao
zvxhnbiwpam gives another person control more than fzctmr, so zvxhnbiwpam is not less accomodating than fzctmr
xfx gives another person control more than mtrv, so xfx is not less accomodating than mtrv
szhmyc gives another person control more than ahj, so szhmyc is not less accomodating than ahj
feewzzvz gives another person control more than varnmp, so feewzzvz is not less accomodating than varnmp
zzbrmonaiao gives another person control more than rhkkoxlwmh, so rhkkoxlwmh is not more accomodating than zzbrmonaiao
fzctmr gives another person control more than zvxhnbiwpam, so zvxhnbiwpam is not more accomodating than fzctmr
mtrv gives another person control more than xfx, so xfx is not more accomodating than mtrv
ahj gives another person control more than szhmyc, so szhmyc is not more accomodating than ahj
varnmp gives another person control more than feewzzvz, so feewzzvz is not more accomodating than varnmp
swpbuw starts toward another person more than fssblb, so swpbuw is more bold than fssblb
hga starts toward another person more than etsrgx, so hga is more bold than etsrgx
wxymcxhcg starts toward another person more than ojjjqt, so wxymcxhcg is more bold than ojjjqt
vesbvcwjnueb starts toward another person more than fus, so vesbvcwjnueb is more bold than fus
gyee starts toward another person more than yfpkmdlak, so gyee is more bold than yfpkmdlak
swpbuw starts toward another person more than fssblb, so fssblb is less bold than swpbuw
hga starts toward another person more than etsrgx, so etsrgx is less bold than hga
wxymcxhcg starts toward another person more than ojjjqt, so ojjjqt is less bold than wxymcxhcg
vesbvcwjnueb starts toward another person more than fus, so fus is less bold than vesbvcwjnueb
gyee starts toward another person more than yfpkmdlak, so yfpkmdlak is less bold than gyee
nazqllemljrn starts toward another person more than ptpzhwaqhblr, so nazqllemljrn is not less bold than ptpzhwaqhblr
liop starts toward another person more than prlvre, so liop is not less bold than prlvre
uygiiors starts toward another person more than caiades, so uygiiors is not less bold than caiades
yiqfnhqctjyw starts toward another person more than wiis, so yiqfnhqctjyw is not less bold than wiis
yvswtkfezgqh starts toward another person more than dfrcv, so yvswtkfezgqh is not less bold than dfrcv
ptpzhwaqhblr starts toward another person more than nazqllemljrn, so nazqllemljrn is not more bold than ptpzhwaqhblr
prlvre starts toward another person more than liop, so liop is not more bold than prlvre
caiades starts toward another person more than uygiiors, so uygiiors is not more bold than caiades
wiis starts toward another person more than yiqfnhqctjyw, so yiqfnhqctjyw is not more bold than wiis
dfrcv starts toward another person more than yvswtkfezgqh, so yvswtkfezgqh is not more bold than dfrcv
pxego arrives on time more than ytumcb, so pxego is more smart than ytumcb
ubbiex arrives on time more than tuq, so ubbiex is more smart than tuq
uooyghyc arrives on time more than bluttz, so uooyghyc is more smart than bluttz
adbhzq arrives on time more than vcuxvxzzmny, so adbhzq is more smart than vcuxvxzzmny
fef arrives on time more than fzy, so fef is more smart than fzy
pxego arrives on time more than ytumcb, so ytumcb is less smart than pxego
ubbiex arrives on time more than tuq, so tuq is less smart than ubbiex
uooyghyc arrives on time more than bluttz, so bluttz is less smart than uooyghyc
adbhzq arrives on time more than vcuxvxzzmny, so vcuxvxzzmny is less smart than adbhzq
fef arrives on time more than fzy, so fzy is less smart than fef
scziv arrives on time more than fzvoi, so scziv is not less smart than fzvoi
qpoaktd arrives on time more than ksdxcjm, so qpoaktd is not less smart than ksdxcjm
gjwfroolmkjy arrives on time more than lzlujb, so gjwfroolmkjy is not less smart than lzlujb
ldjdphvytaez arrives on time more than aqxdrwndszkg, so ldjdphvytaez is not less smart than aqxdrwndszkg
tfyeqhest arrives on time more than bydjirxm, so tfyeqhest is not less smart than bydjirxm
fzvoi arrives on time more than scziv, so scziv is not more smart than fzvoi
ksdxcjm arrives on time more than qpoaktd, so qpoaktd is not more smart than ksdxcjm
lzlujb arrives on time more than gjwfroolmkjy, so gjwfroolmkjy is not more smart than lzlujb
aqxdrwndszkg arrives on time more than ldjdphvytaez, so ldjdphvytaez is not more smart than aqxdrwndszkg
bydjirxm arrives on time more than tfyeqhest, so tfyeqhest is not more smart than bydjirxm
kmw reaches another person agreement more than xaws, so kmw is more helpful than xaws
akxpkbkni reaches another person agreement more than xiuspuzgky, so akxpkbkni is more helpful than xiuspuzgky
pvnysmyehfk reaches another person agreement more than opxjapo, so pvnysmyehfk is more helpful than opxjapo
ahzbgvg reaches another person agreement more than yggmartbxjll, so ahzbgvg is more helpful than yggmartbxjll
zmrwz reaches another person agreement more than hlomnjs, so zmrwz is more helpful than hlomnjs
kmw reaches another person agreement more than xaws, so xaws is less helpful than kmw
akxpkbkni reaches another person agreement more than xiuspuzgky, so xiuspuzgky is less helpful than akxpkbkni
pvnysmyehfk reaches another person agreement more than opxjapo, so opxjapo is less helpful than pvnysmyehfk
ahzbgvg reaches another person agreement more than yggmartbxjll, so yggmartbxjll is less helpful than ahzbgvg
zmrwz reaches another person agreement more than hlomnjs, so hlomnjs is less helpful than zmrwz
mwvypgox reaches another person agreement more than anlzsd, so mwvypgox is not less helpful than anlzsd
lhnuruz reaches another person agreement more than jafbwpfhiyp, so lhnuruz is not less helpful than jafbwpfhiyp
ohlfjoyglcuj reaches another person agreement more than qvxpmjmbc, so ohlfjoyglcuj is not less helpful than qvxpmjmbc
dhyqxhpwzolw reaches another person agreement more than uqqm, so dhyqxhpwzolw is not less helpful than uqqm
lll reaches another person agreement more than dhrlv, so lll is not less helpful than dhrlv
anlzsd reaches another person agreement more than mwvypgox, so mwvypgox is not more helpful than anlzsd
jafbwpfhiyp reaches another person agreement more than lhnuruz, so lhnuruz is not more helpful than jafbwpfhiyp
qvxpmjmbc reaches another person agreement more than ohlfjoyglcuj, so ohlfjoyglcuj is not more helpful than qvxpmjmbc
uqqm reaches another person agreement more than dhyqxhpwzolw, so dhyqxhpwzolw is not more helpful than uqqm
dhrlv reaches another person agreement more than lll, so lll is not more helpful than dhrlv
zssg makes waffles more than lvfvn, so zssg is more hungry than lvfvn
encczjyqzc makes waffles more than eiu, so encczjyqzc is more hungry than eiu
opy makes waffles more than webprua, so opy is more hungry than webprua
qdrvk makes waffles more than eowwgqkhnjxn, so qdrvk is more hungry than eowwgqkhnjxn
exyhfugrzbr makes waffles more than hcccksdtwsxn, so exyhfugrzbr is more hungry than hcccksdtwsxn
zssg makes waffles more than lvfvn, so lvfvn is less hungry than zssg
encczjyqzc makes waffles more than eiu, so eiu is less hungry than encczjyqzc
opy makes waffles more than webprua, so webprua is less hungry than opy
qdrvk makes waffles more than eowwgqkhnjxn, so eowwgqkhnjxn is less hungry than qdrvk
exyhfugrzbr makes waffles more than hcccksdtwsxn, so hcccksdtwsxn is less hungry than exyhfugrzbr
eeoulykxhb makes waffles more than yngqcygqdfv, so eeoulykxhb is not less hungry than yngqcygqdfv
opexodlrltu makes waffles more than ooggnsdav, so opexodlrltu is not less hungry than ooggnsdav
adoalquqwdk makes waffles more than uroxcp, so adoalquqwdk is not less hungry than uroxcp
iifp makes waffles more than xiqnrq, so iifp is not less hungry than xiqnrq
wpjceutxhly makes waffles more than gttuahlkq, so wpjceutxhly is not less hungry than gttuahlkq
yngqcygqdfv makes waffles more than eeoulykxhb, so eeoulykxhb is not more hungry than yngqcygqdfv
ooggnsdav makes waffles more than opexodlrltu, so opexodlrltu is not more hungry than ooggnsdav
uroxcp makes waffles more than adoalquqwdk, so adoalquqwdk is not more hungry than uroxcp
xiqnrq makes waffles more than iifp, so iifp is not more hungry than xiqnrq
gttuahlkq makes waffles more than wpjceutxhly, so wpjceutxhly is not more hungry than gttuahlkq
wgzwlvgzkidw makes popcorn on the stove more than qxwjnpyzpmjl, so wgzwlvgzkidw is more supportive than qxwjnpyzpmjl
fjuugod makes popcorn on the stove more than alkaxqncdl, so fjuugod is more supportive than alkaxqncdl
oxzbxvuig makes popcorn on the stove more than gaxu, so oxzbxvuig is more supportive than gaxu
fggrxuu makes popcorn on the stove more than qjunk, so fggrxuu is more supportive than qjunk
churdjezp makes popcorn on the stove more than jzqk, so churdjezp is more supportive than jzqk
wgzwlvgzkidw makes popcorn on the stove more than qxwjnpyzpmjl, so qxwjnpyzpmjl is less supportive than wgzwlvgzkidw
fjuugod makes popcorn on the stove more than alkaxqncdl, so alkaxqncdl is less supportive than fjuugod
oxzbxvuig makes popcorn on the stove more than gaxu, so gaxu is less supportive than oxzbxvuig
fggrxuu makes popcorn on the stove more than qjunk, so qjunk is less supportive than fggrxuu
churdjezp makes popcorn on the stove more than jzqk, so jzqk is less supportive than churdjezp
idbrukrq makes popcorn on the stove more than iyytumd, so idbrukrq is not less supportive than iyytumd
qszsqthff makes popcorn on the stove more than xfwc, so qszsqthff is not less supportive than xfwc
lklyykxkho makes popcorn on the stove more than slwrdgesi, so lklyykxkho is not less supportive than slwrdgesi
oybhfwjbdez makes popcorn on the stove more than lwgtvn, so oybhfwjbdez is not less supportive than lwgtvn
sheug makes popcorn on the stove more than dtzphfm, so sheug is not less supportive than dtzphfm
iyytumd makes popcorn on the stove more than idbrukrq, so idbrukrq is not more supportive than iyytumd
xfwc makes popcorn on the stove more than qszsqthff, so qszsqthff is not more supportive than xfwc
slwrdgesi makes popcorn on the stove more than lklyykxkho, so lklyykxkho is not more supportive than slwrdgesi
lwgtvn makes popcorn on the stove more than oybhfwjbdez, so oybhfwjbdez is not more supportive than lwgtvn
dtzphfm makes popcorn on the stove more than sheug, so sheug is not more supportive than dtzphfm
kfeqkw invites their boyfriend more than bzouhlze, so kfeqkw is more social than bzouhlze
ltragkgg invites their boyfriend more than nnxzcnjkxa, so ltragkgg is more social than nnxzcnjkxa
gzkefvn invites their boyfriend more than gxk, so gzkefvn is more social than gxk
zeosakvt invites their boyfriend more than cuq, so zeosakvt is more social than cuq
jgooxpb invites their boyfriend more than xhz, so jgooxpb is more social than xhz
kfeqkw invites their boyfriend more than bzouhlze, so bzouhlze is less social than kfeqkw
ltragkgg invites their boyfriend more than nnxzcnjkxa, so nnxzcnjkxa is less social than ltragkgg
gzkefvn invites their boyfriend more than gxk, so gxk is less social than gzkefvn
zeosakvt invites their boyfriend more than cuq, so cuq is less social than zeosakvt
jgooxpb invites their boyfriend more than xhz, so xhz is less social than jgooxpb
btthz invites their boyfriend more than uondjharfvs, so btthz is not less social than uondjharfvs
wmjzwumatc invites their boyfriend more than qltvawgdcu, so wmjzwumatc is not less social than qltvawgdcu
cpywygpnr invites their boyfriend more than cyjwfjufbn, so cpywygpnr is not less social than cyjwfjufbn
iyefmx invites their boyfriend more than pnuhpvivgns, so iyefmx is not less social than pnuhpvivgns
lke invites their boyfriend more than qncpccu, so lke is not less social than qncpccu
uondjharfvs invites their boyfriend more than btthz, so btthz is not more social than uondjharfvs
qltvawgdcu invites their boyfriend more than wmjzwumatc, so wmjzwumatc is not more social than qltvawgdcu
cyjwfjufbn invites their boyfriend more than cpywygpnr, so cpywygpnr is not more social than cyjwfjufbn
pnuhpvivgns invites their boyfriend more than iyefmx, so iyefmx is not more social than pnuhpvivgns
qncpccu invites their boyfriend more than lke, so lke is not more social than qncpccu
lyjpigueiude gets really bad while jyzutgwik does not, so lyjpigueiude is less mean than jyzutgwik
szyofnb gets really bad while wjvguk does not, so szyofnb is less mean than wjvguk
rfiqyzb gets really bad while wjlymqleqsaw does not, so rfiqyzb is less mean than wjlymqleqsaw
vkymj gets really bad while bbdaicgzbzk does not, so vkymj is less mean than bbdaicgzbzk
awfhs gets really bad while fbiquvzaelg does not, so awfhs is less mean than fbiquvzaelg
lyjpigueiude gets really bad while jyzutgwik does not, so jyzutgwik is less mean than lyjpigueiude
szyofnb gets really bad while wjvguk does not, so wjvguk is less mean than szyofnb
rfiqyzb gets really bad while wjlymqleqsaw does not, so wjlymqleqsaw is less mean than rfiqyzb
vkymj gets really bad while bbdaicgzbzk does not, so bbdaicgzbzk is less mean than vkymj
awfhs gets really bad while fbiquvzaelg does not, so fbiquvzaelg is less mean than awfhs
zbbpwqeqst gets really bad while ulz does not, so zbbpwqeqst is not less mean than ulz
kmtxh gets really bad while iwka does not, so kmtxh is not less mean than iwka
jbzej gets really bad while dsohcyak does not, so jbzej is not less mean than dsohcyak
qbkxlzkwg gets really bad while tsi does not, so qbkxlzkwg is not less mean than tsi
giebcl gets really bad while sghsxd does not, so giebcl is not less mean than sghsxd
ulz gets really bad while zbbpwqeqst does not, so zbbpwqeqst is not more mean than ulz
iwka gets really bad while kmtxh does not, so kmtxh is not more mean than iwka
dsohcyak gets really bad while jbzej does not, so jbzej is not more mean than dsohcyak
tsi gets really bad while qbkxlzkwg does not, so qbkxlzkwg is not more mean than tsi
sghsxd gets really bad while giebcl does not, so giebcl is not more mean than sghsxd
bevaxhc takes another person's wallet more than pezwut, so bevaxhc is more mean than pezwut
skb takes another person's wallet more than ednseoti, so skb is more mean than ednseoti
drqy takes another person's wallet more than sbysy, so drqy is more mean than sbysy
fnvdxfssbm takes another person's wallet more than uau, so fnvdxfssbm is more mean than uau
tcehkjtwegb takes another person's wallet more than mbf, so tcehkjtwegb is more mean than mbf
bevaxhc takes another person's wallet more than pezwut, so pezwut is less mean than bevaxhc
skb takes another person's wallet more than ednseoti, so ednseoti is less mean than skb
drqy takes another person's wallet more than sbysy, so sbysy is less mean than drqy
fnvdxfssbm takes another person's wallet more than uau, so uau is less mean than fnvdxfssbm
tcehkjtwegb takes another person's wallet more than mbf, so mbf is less mean than tcehkjtwegb
xuwglgcvpp takes another person's wallet more than wjgxiirnpq, so xuwglgcvpp is not less mean than wjgxiirnpq
dtxei takes another person's wallet more than oazykhvaktgj, so dtxei is not less mean than oazykhvaktgj
vle takes another person's wallet more than yrznnvvsi, so vle is not less mean than yrznnvvsi
pcxyqxhu takes another person's wallet more than ikkhtypo, so pcxyqxhu is not less mean than ikkhtypo
kac takes another person's wallet more than sfxsfevrmjpj, so kac is not less mean than sfxsfevrmjpj
wjgxiirnpq takes another person's wallet more than xuwglgcvpp, so xuwglgcvpp is not more mean than wjgxiirnpq
oazykhvaktgj takes another person's wallet more than dtxei, so dtxei is not more mean than oazykhvaktgj
yrznnvvsi takes another person's wallet more than vle, so vle is not more mean than yrznnvvsi
ikkhtypo takes another person's wallet more than pcxyqxhu, so pcxyqxhu is not more mean than ikkhtypo
sfxsfevrmjpj takes another person's wallet more than kac, so kac is not more mean than sfxsfevrmjpj
tjsatikihl has to go back to work more than bqappslgnee, so tjsatikihl is more responsible than bqappslgnee
atsatirmtlj has to go back to work more than cyytvbrvvni, so atsatirmtlj is more responsible than cyytvbrvvni
sqxchdnv has to go back to work more than lqvf, so sqxchdnv is more responsible than lqvf
flmdvdym has to go back to work more than itzezzccjg, so flmdvdym is more responsible than itzezzccjg
jbceisy has to go back to work more than dpoylxvrpcn, so jbceisy is more responsible than dpoylxvrpcn
tjsatikihl has to go back to work more than bqappslgnee, so bqappslgnee is less responsible than tjsatikihl
atsatirmtlj has to go back to work more than cyytvbrvvni, so cyytvbrvvni is less responsible than atsatirmtlj
sqxchdnv has to go back to work more than lqvf, so lqvf is less responsible than sqxchdnv
flmdvdym has to go back to work more than itzezzccjg, so itzezzccjg is less responsible than flmdvdym
jbceisy has to go back to work more than dpoylxvrpcn, so dpoylxvrpcn is less responsible than jbceisy
nbensdttpffl has to go back to work more than wrsszs, so nbensdttpffl is not less responsible than wrsszs
njmr has to go back to work more than tuhuceo, so njmr is not less responsible than tuhuceo
dmsywr has to go back to work more than jlvklbcorql, so dmsywr is not less responsible than jlvklbcorql
odomgqe has to go back to work more than rplovbqtqw, so odomgqe is not less responsible than rplovbqtqw
cflzdqat has to go back to work more than wsntv, so cflzdqat is not less responsible than wsntv
wrsszs has to go back to work more than nbensdttpffl, so nbensdttpffl is not more responsible than wrsszs
tuhuceo has to go back to work more than njmr, so njmr is not more responsible than tuhuceo
jlvklbcorql has to go back to work more than dmsywr, so dmsywr is not more responsible than jlvklbcorql
rplovbqtqw has to go back to work more than odomgqe, so odomgqe is not more responsible than rplovbqtqw
wsntv has to go back to work more than cflzdqat, so cflzdqat is not more responsible than wsntv
bavfranbxr rolls another person's eyes more than jgnbl, so bavfranbxr is more obnoxious than jgnbl
cyzshjezo rolls another person's eyes more than xoidyipt, so cyzshjezo is more obnoxious than xoidyipt
ddubq rolls another person's eyes more than uzfd, so ddubq is more obnoxious than uzfd
rvrboocsl rolls another person's eyes more than sfgivvlmzkcv, so rvrboocsl is more obnoxious than sfgivvlmzkcv
hzkrldvhxddh rolls another person's eyes more than mynqjvwv, so hzkrldvhxddh is more obnoxious than mynqjvwv
bavfranbxr rolls another person's eyes at another person more than jgnbl, so jgnbl is less obnoxious than bavfranbxr
cyzshjezo rolls another person's eyes at another person more than xoidyipt, so xoidyipt is less obnoxious than cyzshjezo
ddubq rolls another person's eyes at another person more than uzfd, so uzfd is less obnoxious than ddubq
rvrboocsl rolls another person's eyes at another person more than sfgivvlmzkcv, so sfgivvlmzkcv is less obnoxious than rvrboocsl
hzkrldvhxddh rolls another person's eyes at another person more than mynqjvwv, so mynqjvwv is less obnoxious than hzkrldvhxddh
xpv rolls another person's eyes at another person more than orpxphkbd, so xpv is not less obnoxious than orpxphkbd
cdcqpzvmjovl rolls another person's eyes at another person more than uanntmr, so cdcqpzvmjovl is not less obnoxious than uanntmr
xyoznhu rolls another person's eyes at another person more than yknxjhmajdut, so xyoznhu is not less obnoxious than yknxjhmajdut
ebwbyymogk rolls another person's eyes at another person more than pjyloan, so ebwbyymogk is not less obnoxious than pjyloan
vjaukmkev rolls another person's eyes at another person more than lva, so vjaukmkev is not less obnoxious than lva
orpxphkbd rolls another person's eyes at another person more than xpv, so xpv is not more obnoxious than orpxphkbd
uanntmr rolls another person's eyes at another person more than cdcqpzvmjovl, so cdcqpzvmjovl is not more obnoxious than uanntmr
yknxjhmajdut rolls another person's eyes at another person more than xyoznhu, so xyoznhu is not more obnoxious than yknxjhmajdut
pjyloan rolls another person's eyes at another person more than ebwbyymogk, so ebwbyymogk is not more obnoxious than pjyloan
lva rolls another person's eyes at another person more than vjaukmkev, so vjaukmkev is not more obnoxious than lva
qgrabgriy breaks both of their legs more than vbn, so qgrabgriy is more painfull than vbn
bkunaujtt breaks both of their legs more than ytbscjpivby, so bkunaujtt is more painfull than ytbscjpivby
tpaiifvwvt breaks both of their legs more than hsllvdqu, so tpaiifvwvt is more painfull than hsllvdqu
icfkhhqmtfmu breaks both of their legs more than kqafdxjqb, so icfkhhqmtfmu is more painfull than kqafdxjqb
jecsv breaks both of their legs more than hffwm, so jecsv is more painfull than hffwm
qgrabgriy breaks both of their legs more than vbn, so vbn is less painfull than qgrabgriy
bkunaujtt breaks both of their legs more than ytbscjpivby, so ytbscjpivby is less painfull than bkunaujtt
tpaiifvwvt breaks both of their legs more than hsllvdqu, so hsllvdqu is less painfull than tpaiifvwvt
icfkhhqmtfmu breaks both of their legs more than kqafdxjqb, so kqafdxjqb is less painfull than icfkhhqmtfmu
jecsv breaks both of their legs more than hffwm, so hffwm is less painfull than jecsv
gxrgmsnfxnw breaks both of their legs more than pcbiao, so gxrgmsnfxnw is not less painfull than pcbiao
mce breaks both of their legs more than yop, so mce is not less painfull than yop
tygj breaks both of their legs more than waubswyq, so tygj is not less painfull than waubswyq
dhr breaks both of their legs more than kfrwjabs, so dhr is not less painfull than kfrwjabs
gwohwmizqt breaks both of their legs more than zxrlq, so gwohwmizqt is not less painfull than zxrlq
pcbiao breaks both of their legs more than gxrgmsnfxnw, so gxrgmsnfxnw is not more painfull than pcbiao
yop breaks both of their legs more than mce, so mce is not more painfull than yop
waubswyq breaks both of their legs more than tygj, so tygj is not more painfull than waubswyq
kfrwjabs breaks both of their legs more than dhr, so dhr is not more painfull than kfrwjabs
zxrlq breaks both of their legs more than gwohwmizqt, so gwohwmizqt is not more painfull than zxrlq
nbjlnmzl looks really good while xpfemyhyczt does not, so nbjlnmzl is more charming than xpfemyhyczt
lzcvnjo looks really good while zsrqxk does not, so lzcvnjo is more charming than zsrqxk
rgbtjp looks really good while bkqymls does not, so rgbtjp is more charming than bkqymls
cnqib looks really good while cvlp does not, so cnqib is more charming than cvlp
ubq looks really good while jhkraextchgk does not, so ubq is more charming than jhkraextchgk
nbjlnmzl looks really good while xpfemyhyczt does not, so xpfemyhyczt is less charming than nbjlnmzl
lzcvnjo looks really good while zsrqxk does not, so zsrqxk is less charming than lzcvnjo
rgbtjp looks really good while bkqymls does not, so bkqymls is less charming than rgbtjp
cnqib looks really good while cvlp does not, so cvlp is less charming than cnqib
ubq looks really good while jhkraextchgk does not, so jhkraextchgk is less charming than ubq
hbckvtxdfdn looks really good while ojmj does not, so hbckvtxdfdn is not less charming than ojmj
uuewbigahf looks really good while twugzxe does not, so uuewbigahf is not less charming than twugzxe
bvauofilau looks really good while nidrokkmseo does not, so bvauofilau is not less charming than nidrokkmseo
bfspef looks really good while yhkgxfaxeb does not, so bfspef is not less charming than yhkgxfaxeb
fsxmzltgll looks really good while yflhkferonb does not, so fsxmzltgll is not less charming than yflhkferonb
ojmj looks really good while hbckvtxdfdn does not, so hbckvtxdfdn is not more charming than ojmj
twugzxe looks really good while uuewbigahf does not, so uuewbigahf is not more charming than twugzxe
nidrokkmseo looks really good while bvauofilau does not, so bvauofilau is not more charming than nidrokkmseo
yhkgxfaxeb looks really good while bfspef does not, so bfspef is not more charming than yhkgxfaxeb
yflhkferonb looks really good while fsxmzltgll does not, so fsxmzltgll is not more charming than yflhkferonb
udaqoghzmo invites another person to a movie more than smusykjq, so udaqoghzmo is more entertaining than smusykjq
kipftahnlb invites another person to a movie more than bzwlellr, so kipftahnlb is more entertaining than bzwlellr
ieydwx invites another person to a movie more than qtbz, so ieydwx is more entertaining than qtbz
aytttzxatsvx invites another person to a movie more than stbphv, so aytttzxatsvx is more entertaining than stbphv
hnxpr invites another person to a movie more than wqp, so hnxpr is more entertaining than wqp
udaqoghzmo invites another person to a movie more than smusykjq, so smusykjq is less entertaining than udaqoghzmo
kipftahnlb invites another person to a movie more than bzwlellr, so bzwlellr is less entertaining than kipftahnlb
ieydwx invites another person to a movie more than qtbz, so qtbz is less entertaining than ieydwx
aytttzxatsvx invites another person to a movie more than stbphv, so stbphv is less entertaining than aytttzxatsvx
hnxpr invites another person to a movie more than wqp, so wqp is less entertaining than hnxpr
drmpjxdogtj invites another person to a movie more than ibmfko, so drmpjxdogtj is not less entertaining than ibmfko
ofnmby invites another person to a movie more than xyoretzq, so ofnmby is not less entertaining than xyoretzq
eimixrdqmn invites another person to a movie more than xhhgg, so eimixrdqmn is not less entertaining than xhhgg
bshnpazo invites another person to a movie more than vmdkdaulpzqz, so bshnpazo is not less entertaining than vmdkdaulpzqz
upt invites another person to a movie more than zpj, so upt is not less entertaining than zpj
ibmfko invites another person to a movie more than drmpjxdogtj, so drmpjxdogtj is not more entertaining than ibmfko
xyoretzq invites another person to a movie more than ofnmby, so ofnmby is not more entertaining than xyoretzq
xhhgg invites another person to a movie more than eimixrdqmn, so eimixrdqmn is not more entertaining than xhhgg
vmdkdaulpzqz invites another person to a movie more than bshnpazo, so bshnpazo is not more entertaining than vmdkdaulpzqz
zpj invites another person to a movie more than upt, so upt is not more entertaining than zpj
izzcaizqu puts the shirt on more than outli, so izzcaizqu is more clean than outli
fdqmecjuqvu puts the shirt on more than dlqlmby, so fdqmecjuqvu is more clean than dlqlmby
gvywiho puts the shirt on more than etlr, so gvywiho is more clean than etlr
puvbx puts the shirt on more than gyfuyaktz, so puvbx is more clean than gyfuyaktz
ulapcgymyuyt puts the shirt on more than lvvgefml, so ulapcgymyuyt is more clean than lvvgefml
izzcaizqu puts the shirt on more than outli, so outli is less clean than izzcaizqu
fdqmecjuqvu puts the shirt on more than dlqlmby, so dlqlmby is less clean than fdqmecjuqvu
gvywiho puts the shirt on more than etlr, so etlr is less clean than gvywiho
puvbx puts the shirt on more than gyfuyaktz, so gyfuyaktz is less clean than puvbx
ulapcgymyuyt puts the shirt on more than lvvgefml, so lvvgefml is less clean than ulapcgymyuyt
htv puts the shirt on more than uyuibymsmsok, so htv is not less clean than uyuibymsmsok
qzaywsno puts the shirt on more than qqxlgbpgeam, so qzaywsno is not less clean than qqxlgbpgeam
aisndhw puts the shirt on more than ctyhpm, so aisndhw is not less clean than ctyhpm
gdkcfue puts the shirt on more than ligtnfte, so gdkcfue is not less clean than ligtnfte
vwt puts the shirt on more than tqeead, so vwt is not less clean than tqeead
uyuibymsmsok puts the shirt more than htv, so htv is not more clean than uyuibymsmsok
qqxlgbpgeam puts the shirt more than qzaywsno, so qzaywsno is not more clean than qqxlgbpgeam
ctyhpm puts the shirt more than aisndhw, so aisndhw is not more clean than ctyhpm
ligtnfte puts the shirt more than gdkcfue, so gdkcfue is not more clean than ligtnfte
tqeead puts the shirt more than vwt, so vwt is not more clean than tqeead
wozdzvxu ties a narrative bow on something more than jnjupt, so wozdzvxu is less adventurous than jnjupt
wdsfxnephamy ties a narrative bow on something more than lqhxa, so wdsfxnephamy is less adventurous than lqhxa
ypjk ties a narrative bow on something more than hclpjyuofi, so ypjk is less adventurous than hclpjyuofi
sudzxly ties a narrative bow on something more than lrp, so sudzxly is less adventurous than lrp
llyer ties a narrative bow on something more than rbvpebxdxkya, so llyer is less adventurous than rbvpebxdxkya
wozdzvxu ties a narrative bow on something more than jnjupt, so jnjupt is less adventurous than wozdzvxu
wdsfxnephamy ties a narrative bow on something more than lqhxa, so lqhxa is less adventurous than wdsfxnephamy
ypjk ties a narrative bow on something more than hclpjyuofi, so hclpjyuofi is less adventurous than ypjk
sudzxly ties a narrative bow on something more than lrp, so lrp is less adventurous than sudzxly
llyer ties a narrative bow on something more than rbvpebxdxkya, so rbvpebxdxkya is less adventurous than llyer
bhxoygsbqtd ties a narrative bow on something more than ytea, so bhxoygsbqtd is not less adventurous than ytea
iyzrsqho ties a narrative bow on something more than vrms, so iyzrsqho is not less adventurous than vrms
ktnruuammm ties a narrative bow on something more than hfiq, so ktnruuammm is not less adventurous than hfiq
hly ties a narrative bow on something more than ygqyswmg, so hly is not less adventurous than ygqyswmg
zhchzpmdlwzv ties a narrative bow on something more than fwmqlruiy, so zhchzpmdlwzv is not less adventurous than fwmqlruiy
ytea ties a narrative bow on something more than bhxoygsbqtd, so bhxoygsbqtd is not more adventurous than ytea
vrms ties a narrative bow on something more than iyzrsqho, so iyzrsqho is not more adventurous than vrms
hfiq ties a narrative bow on something more than ktnruuammm, so ktnruuammm is not more adventurous than hfiq
ygqyswmg ties a narrative bow on something more than hly, so hly is not more adventurous than ygqyswmg
fwmqlruiy ties a narrative bow on something more than zhchzpmdlwzv, so zhchzpmdlwzv is not more adventurous than fwmqlruiy
njqglbhia has to be taken to the hospital more than orsam, so njqglbhia is more injured than orsam
klalaacjk has to be taken to the hospital more than uvztywhmvec, so klalaacjk is more injured than uvztywhmvec
qvh has to be taken to the hospital more than ehvsevdh, so qvh is more injured than ehvsevdh
ewkx has to be taken to the hospital more than tbm, so ewkx is more injured than tbm
qvk has to be taken to the hospital more than wqzimyw, so qvk is more injured than wqzimyw
njqglbhia has to be taken to the hospital more than orsam, so orsam is less injured than njqglbhia
klalaacjk has to be taken to the hospital more than uvztywhmvec, so uvztywhmvec is less injured than klalaacjk
qvh has to be taken to the hospital more than ehvsevdh, so ehvsevdh is less injured than qvh
ewkx has to be taken to the hospital more than tbm, so tbm is less injured than ewkx
qvk has to be taken to the hospital more than wqzimyw, so wqzimyw is less injured than qvk
ievdd has to be taken to the hospital more than lchkimi, so ievdd is not less injured than lchkimi
cwbeoxx has to be taken to the hospital more than abakcmmkxbxy, so cwbeoxx is not less injured than abakcmmkxbxy
agkdtkwkqsma has to be taken to the hospital more than kxxdfxqcej, so agkdtkwkqsma is not less injured than kxxdfxqcej
npzzp has to be taken to the hospital more than exorckhtg, so npzzp is not less injured than exorckhtg
dvxpwxdxhzw has to be taken to the hospital more than qpun, so dvxpwxdxhzw is not less injured than qpun
lchkimi has to be taken to the hospital more than ievdd, so ievdd is not more injured than lchkimi
abakcmmkxbxy has to be taken to the hospital more than cwbeoxx, so cwbeoxx is not more injured than abakcmmkxbxy
kxxdfxqcej has to be taken to the hospital more than agkdtkwkqsma, so agkdtkwkqsma is not more injured than kxxdfxqcej
exorckhtg has to be taken to the hospital more than npzzp, so npzzp is not more injured than exorckhtg
qpun has to be taken to the hospital more than dvxpwxdxhzw, so dvxpwxdxhzw is not more injured than qpun
akydzi tries to hold back more than jiv, so akydzi is more strong than jiv
fppnj tries to hold back more than qyufbshpiqx, so fppnj is more strong than qyufbshpiqx
ujihqdjtqxq tries to hold back more than sbpffpljxnpj, so ujihqdjtqxq is more strong than sbpffpljxnpj
doyawck tries to hold back more than xdmusmnfszeu, so doyawck is more strong than xdmusmnfszeu
ztbeipnlc tries to hold back more than nkyvzlf, so ztbeipnlc is more strong than nkyvzlf
akydzi tries to hold back more than jiv, so jiv is more strong than akydzi
fppnj tries to hold back more than qyufbshpiqx, so qyufbshpiqx is more strong than fppnj
ujihqdjtqxq tries to hold back more than sbpffpljxnpj, so sbpffpljxnpj is more strong than ujihqdjtqxq
doyawck tries to hold back more than xdmusmnfszeu, so xdmusmnfszeu is more strong than doyawck
ztbeipnlc tries to hold back more than nkyvzlf, so nkyvzlf is more strong than ztbeipnlc
ltsbtkf tries to hold back more than ljbyabmhy, so ltsbtkf is not less strong than ljbyabmhy
cbq tries to hold back more than ynkyol, so cbq is not less strong than ynkyol
krdsdnz tries to hold back more than rukhxazrtezv, so krdsdnz is not less strong than rukhxazrtezv
ena tries to hold back more than jldq, so ena is not less strong than jldq
gobdhcqk tries to hold back more than gypbb, so gobdhcqk is not less strong than gypbb
ljbyabmhy tries to hold back more than ltsbtkf, so ltsbtkf is not more strong than ljbyabmhy
ynkyol tries to hold back more than cbq, so cbq is not more strong than ynkyol
rukhxazrtezv tries to hold back more than krdsdnz, so krdsdnz is not more strong than rukhxazrtezv
jldq tries to hold back more than ena, so ena is not more strong than jldq
gypbb tries to hold back more than gobdhcqk, so gobdhcqk is not more strong than gypbb
majjol sees a doctor more than dkdhoakla, so majjol is more curios than dkdhoakla
sbn sees a doctor more than opvbsn, so sbn is more curios than opvbsn
xvklyandd sees a doctor more than utf, so xvklyandd is more curios than utf
lgdtlnso sees a doctor more than zyilb, so lgdtlnso is more curios than zyilb
kbkimldukuc sees a doctor more than bbfji, so kbkimldukuc is more curios than bbfji
majjol sees a doctor more than dkdhoakla, so dkdhoakla is less curios than majjol
sbn sees a doctor more than opvbsn, so opvbsn is less curios than sbn
xvklyandd sees a doctor more than utf, so utf is less curios than xvklyandd
lgdtlnso sees a doctor more than zyilb, so zyilb is less curios than lgdtlnso
kbkimldukuc sees a doctor more than bbfji, so bbfji is less curios than kbkimldukuc
muoz sees a doctor more than nahgyeokd, so muoz is not less curios than nahgyeokd
uwjjwf sees a doctor more than jxbv, so uwjjwf is not less curios than jxbv
wyhyluelijz sees a doctor more than rieoh, so wyhyluelijz is not less curios than rieoh
yntgebjp sees a doctor more than xucavrxco, so yntgebjp is not less curios than xucavrxco
zsbpgn sees a doctor more than bwdam, so zsbpgn is not less curios than bwdam
nahgyeokd sees a doctor more than muoz, so muoz is not less curios than nahgyeokd
jxbv sees a doctor more than uwjjwf, so uwjjwf is not less curios than jxbv
rieoh sees a doctor more than wyhyluelijz, so wyhyluelijz is not less curios than rieoh
xucavrxco sees a doctor more than yntgebjp, so yntgebjp is not less curios than xucavrxco
bwdam sees a doctor more than zsbpgn, so zsbpgn is not less curios than bwdam
dzrw finds a snake more than txhuagldjiq, so dzrw is more adventurous than txhuagldjiq
jbzeboajf finds a snake more than orjesvtpft, so jbzeboajf is more adventurous than orjesvtpft
xaj finds a snake more than xhryzf, so xaj is more adventurous than xhryzf
xcb finds a snake more than wqypcrpioxg, so xcb is more adventurous than wqypcrpioxg
tsam finds a snake more than cqvlnibo, so tsam is more adventurous than cqvlnibo
dzrw finds a snake more than txhuagldjiq, so txhuagldjiq is less adventurous than dzrw
jbzeboajf finds a snake more than orjesvtpft, so orjesvtpft is less adventurous than jbzeboajf
xaj finds a snake more than xhryzf, so xhryzf is less adventurous than xaj
xcb finds a snake more than wqypcrpioxg, so wqypcrpioxg is less adventurous than xcb
tsam finds a snake more than cqvlnibo, so cqvlnibo is less adventurous than tsam
ywshgelldjyr finds a snake more than snoogdprd, so ywshgelldjyr is not less adventurous than snoogdprd
ehqztt finds a snake more than hvww, so ehqztt is not less adventurous than hvww
wtkul finds a snake more than matofregnsys, so wtkul is not less adventurous than matofregnsys
csjvvxfzqr finds a snake more than kjstvbrqhf, so csjvvxfzqr is not less adventurous than kjstvbrqhf
eyexj finds a snake more than qecmw, so eyexj is not less adventurous than qecmw
snoogdprd finds a snake more than ywshgelldjyr, so ywshgelldjyr is not more adventurous than snoogdprd
hvww finds a snake more than ehqztt, so ehqztt is not more adventurous than hvww
matofregnsys finds a snake more than wtkul, so wtkul is not more adventurous than matofregnsys
kjstvbrqhf finds a snake more than csjvvxfzqr, so csjvvxfzqr is not more adventurous than kjstvbrqhf
qecmw finds a snake more than eyexj, so eyexj is not more adventurous than qecmw
fxmgh puts the cat among the pigeons more than qopan, so fxmgh is more a risk taker than qopan
ldcnfjoehzfb puts the cat among the pigeons more than glkddh, so ldcnfjoehzfb is more a risk taker than glkddh
qcmzguu puts the cat among the pigeons more than rbyqd, so qcmzguu is more a risk taker than rbyqd
iawqbfxlo puts the cat among the pigeons more than zjqrtf, so iawqbfxlo is more a risk taker than zjqrtf
zyaoo puts the cat among the pigeons more than vsnwutshc, so zyaoo is more a risk taker than vsnwutshc
fxmgh puts the cat among the pigeons more than qopan, so qopan is less a risk taker than fxmgh
ldcnfjoehzfb puts the cat among the pigeons more than glkddh, so glkddh is less a risk taker than ldcnfjoehzfb
qcmzguu puts the cat among the pigeons more than rbyqd, so rbyqd is less a risk taker than qcmzguu
iawqbfxlo puts the cat among the pigeons more than zjqrtf, so zjqrtf is less a risk taker than iawqbfxlo
zyaoo puts the cat among the pigeons more than vsnwutshc, so vsnwutshc is less a risk taker than zyaoo
jhftznyunot puts the cat among the pigeons more than xqaaignetmkr, so jhftznyunot is not less a risk taker than xqaaignetmkr
bsyjffkgkkw puts the cat among the pigeons more than trjzqqfn, so bsyjffkgkkw is not less a risk taker than trjzqqfn
fxbudfzkjy puts the cat among the pigeons more than qsvojhve, so fxbudfzkjy is not less a risk taker than qsvojhve
cknffdrvisxg puts the cat among the pigeons more than geixqkz, so cknffdrvisxg is not less a risk taker than geixqkz
xqklkblgvqa puts the cat among the pigeons more than digtl, so xqklkblgvqa is not less a risk taker than digtl
xqaaignetmkr puts the cat among the pigeons more than jhftznyunot, so jhftznyunot is not more a risk taker than xqaaignetmkr
trjzqqfn puts the cat among the pigeons more than bsyjffkgkkw, so bsyjffkgkkw is not more a risk taker than trjzqqfn
qsvojhve puts the cat among the pigeons more than fxbudfzkjy, so fxbudfzkjy is not more a risk taker than qsvojhve
geixqkz puts the cat among the pigeons more than cknffdrvisxg, so cknffdrvisxg is not more a risk taker than geixqkz
digtl puts the cat among the pigeons more than xqklkblgvqa, so xqklkblgvqa is not more a risk taker than digtl
poedlajq likes to cook more than dsim, so poedlajq is more a foodie than dsim
kdgxmw likes to cook more than fsm, so kdgxmw is more a foodie than fsm
mkzcepinikgz likes to cook more than liupknsuz, so mkzcepinikgz is more a foodie than liupknsuz
xhbby likes to cook more than nscaqwc, so xhbby is more a foodie than nscaqwc
xbbfmnbwyl likes to cook more than wfgj, so xbbfmnbwyl is more a foodie than wfgj
poedlajq likes to cook more than dsim, so dsim is less a foodie than poedlajq
kdgxmw likes to cook more than fsm, so fsm is less a foodie than kdgxmw
mkzcepinikgz likes to cook more than liupknsuz, so liupknsuz is less a foodie than mkzcepinikgz
xhbby likes to cook more than nscaqwc, so nscaqwc is less a foodie than xhbby
xbbfmnbwyl likes to cook more than wfgj, so wfgj is less a foodie than xbbfmnbwyl
ijyaouacdzt likes to cook more than paxyowrbxt, so ijyaouacdzt is not less a foodie than paxyowrbxt
kpduqtoljs likes to cook more than fghbeiwkbw, so kpduqtoljs is not less a foodie than fghbeiwkbw
rucruxghfgo likes to cook more than hgyr, so rucruxghfgo is not less a foodie than hgyr
ilp likes to cook more than qogmchxx, so ilp is not less a foodie than qogmchxx
ziuvehc likes to cook more than ufl, so ziuvehc is not less a foodie than ufl
paxyowrbxt likes to cook more than ijyaouacdzt, so ijyaouacdzt is not more a foodie than paxyowrbxt
fghbeiwkbw likes to cook more than kpduqtoljs, so kpduqtoljs is not more a foodie than fghbeiwkbw
hgyr likes to cook more than rucruxghfgo, so rucruxghfgo is not more a foodie than hgyr
qogmchxx likes to cook more than ilp, so ilp is not more a foodie than qogmchxx
ufl likes to cook more than ziuvehc, so ziuvehc is not more a foodie than ufl
rjjnqfazt maintains another person's authority more than nvnoroodbm, so rjjnqfazt is more respectful than nvnoroodbm
gbcfsmyc maintains another person's authority more than nwt, so gbcfsmyc is more respectful than nwt
uiw maintains another person's authority more than jmkctdn, so uiw is more respectful than jmkctdn
dnr maintains another person's authority more than mslqoajg, so dnr is more respectful than mslqoajg
xqgyyehu maintains another person's authority more than fuskgibjwuhm, so xqgyyehu is more respectful than fuskgibjwuhm
rjjnqfazt maintains another person's authority more than nvnoroodbm, so nvnoroodbm is less respectful than rjjnqfazt
gbcfsmyc maintains another person's authority more than nwt, so nwt is less respectful than gbcfsmyc
uiw maintains another person's authority more than jmkctdn, so jmkctdn is less respectful than uiw
dnr maintains another person's authority more than mslqoajg, so mslqoajg is less respectful than dnr
xqgyyehu maintains another person's authority more than fuskgibjwuhm, so fuskgibjwuhm is less respectful than xqgyyehu
aujufxesfns maintains another person's authority more than uzz, so aujufxesfns is not less respectful than uzz
wcnivvrrp maintains another person's authority more than cgnnzqmvxmde, so wcnivvrrp is not less respectful than cgnnzqmvxmde
rpretwhhfgox maintains another person's authority more than lnucktdvpyu, so rpretwhhfgox is not less respectful than lnucktdvpyu
kxyfkpcp maintains another person's authority more than brgtp, so kxyfkpcp is not less respectful than brgtp
uksplyfhi maintains another person's authority more than qjmhkwtn, so uksplyfhi is not less respectful than qjmhkwtn
uzz maintains another person's authority more than aujufxesfns, so aujufxesfns is not more respectful than uzz
cgnnzqmvxmde maintains another person's authority more than wcnivvrrp, so wcnivvrrp is not more respectful than cgnnzqmvxmde
lnucktdvpyu maintains another person's authority more than rpretwhhfgox, so rpretwhhfgox is not more respectful than lnucktdvpyu
brgtp maintains another person's authority more than kxyfkpcp, so kxyfkpcp is not more respectful than brgtp
qjmhkwtn maintains another person's authority more than uksplyfhi, so uksplyfhi is not more respectful than qjmhkwtn
mzwtylyzjaj tries something else more than kuebidmswth, so mzwtylyzjaj is more undeterred than kuebidmswth
majlreimmtv tries something else more than hrkvfp, so majlreimmtv is more undeterred than hrkvfp
ibblozeh tries something else more than mxclbe, so ibblozeh is more undeterred than mxclbe
orhhexemt tries something else more than uthyryj, so orhhexemt is more undeterred than uthyryj
htzejloe tries something else more than lfmfnd, so htzejloe is more undeterred than lfmfnd
mzwtylyzjaj tries something else more than kuebidmswth, so kuebidmswth is less undeterred than mzwtylyzjaj
majlreimmtv tries something else more than hrkvfp, so hrkvfp is less undeterred than majlreimmtv
ibblozeh tries something else more than mxclbe, so mxclbe is less undeterred than ibblozeh
orhhexemt tries something else more than uthyryj, so uthyryj is less undeterred than orhhexemt
htzejloe tries something else more than lfmfnd, so lfmfnd is less undeterred than htzejloe
jmuqhxafx tries something else more than frugzrveaasf, so jmuqhxafx is not less undeterred than frugzrveaasf
uvomx tries something else more than hbjphnd, so uvomx is not less undeterred than hbjphnd
fagwocbmo tries something else more than wqai, so fagwocbmo is not less undeterred than wqai
jaznphm tries something else more than jwkfmt, so jaznphm is not less undeterred than jwkfmt
prciaage tries something else more than jmgydubjhnmo, so prciaage is not less undeterred than jmgydubjhnmo
frugzrveaasf tries something else more than jmuqhxafx, so jmuqhxafx is not more undeterred than frugzrveaasf
hbjphnd tries something else more than uvomx, so uvomx is not more undeterred than hbjphnd
wqai tries something else more than fagwocbmo, so fagwocbmo is not more undeterred than wqai
jwkfmt tries something else more than jaznphm, so jaznphm is not more undeterred than jwkfmt
jmgydubjhnmo tries something else more than prciaage, so prciaage is not more undeterred than jmgydubjhnmo
ohlxwhbp builds their house more than fefyjajq, so ohlxwhbp is more handy than fefyjajq
vih builds their house more than ywvtkmi, so vih is more handy than ywvtkmi
hbfoveoh builds their house more than dkncnzc, so hbfoveoh is more handy than dkncnzc
wuhnx builds their house more than yqpywthpjg, so wuhnx is more handy than yqpywthpjg
mspyuya builds their house more than qwpldpggvhq, so mspyuya is more handy than qwpldpggvhq
ohlxwhbp builds their house more than fefyjajq, so fefyjajq is less handy than ohlxwhbp
vih builds their house more than ywvtkmi, so ywvtkmi is less handy than vih
hbfoveoh builds their house more than dkncnzc, so dkncnzc is less handy than hbfoveoh
wuhnx builds their house more than yqpywthpjg, so yqpywthpjg is less handy than wuhnx
mspyuya builds their house more than qwpldpggvhq, so qwpldpggvhq is less handy than mspyuya
mxm builds their house more than tpbuzjuqc, so mxm is not less handy than tpbuzjuqc
zkddrshxhww builds their house more than yznneabtx, so zkddrshxhww is not less handy than yznneabtx
utd builds their house more than wybvkgjg, so utd is not less handy than wybvkgjg
txfzrmvwz builds their house more than guuuzv, so txfzrmvwz is not less handy than guuuzv
vsoxc builds their house more than pqfdemghzvlm, so vsoxc is not less handy than pqfdemghzvlm
tpbuzjuqc builds their house more than mxm, so mxm is not more handy than tpbuzjuqc
yznneabtx builds their house more than zkddrshxhww, so zkddrshxhww is not more handy than yznneabtx
wybvkgjg builds their house more than utd, so utd is not more handy than wybvkgjg
guuuzv builds their house more than txfzrmvwz, so txfzrmvwz is not more handy than guuuzv
pqfdemghzvlm builds their house more than vsoxc, so vsoxc is not more handy than pqfdemghzvlm
kakke would get better than oalbkgy, so kakke is more determined than oalbkgy
pbyxaxcihns would get better than etfluvaz, so pbyxaxcihns is more determined than etfluvaz
rpmndhnei would get better than sotfeuou, so rpmndhnei is more determined than sotfeuou
vvra would get better than edeelmbqpq, so vvra is more determined than edeelmbqpq
vhk would get better than xiu, so vhk is more determined than xiu
kakke would get better than oalbkgy, so oalbkgy is less determined than kakke
pbyxaxcihns would get better than etfluvaz, so etfluvaz is less determined than pbyxaxcihns
rpmndhnei would get better than sotfeuou, so sotfeuou is less determined than rpmndhnei
vvra would get better than edeelmbqpq, so edeelmbqpq is less determined than vvra
vhk would get better than xiu, so xiu is less determined than vhk
czdlrgjrav would get better more than iig, so czdlrgjrav is not less determined than iig
gbdgqdy would get better more than niqrdzspgljc, so gbdgqdy is not less determined than niqrdzspgljc
gsjws would get better more than toqneutaraxz, so gsjws is not less determined than toqneutaraxz
irgzwcknkhm would get better more than jarlliexeib, so irgzwcknkhm is not less determined than jarlliexeib
vhjehx would get better more than wznyy, so vhjehx is not less determined than wznyy
iig would get better more than czdlrgjrav, so czdlrgjrav is not more determined than iig
niqrdzspgljc would get better more than gbdgqdy, so gbdgqdy is not more determined than niqrdzspgljc
toqneutaraxz would get better more than gsjws, so gsjws is not more determined than toqneutaraxz
jarlliexeib would get better more than irgzwcknkhm, so irgzwcknkhm is not more determined than jarlliexeib
wznyy would get better more than vhjehx, so vhjehx is not more determined than wznyy
ittywacy goes back to the house more than wkbghp, so ittywacy is less dependable than wkbghp
xcysgudcfjq goes back to the house more than ydu, so xcysgudcfjq is less dependable than ydu
lnfcvwzyko goes back to the house more than khw, so lnfcvwzyko is less dependable than khw
nyyaickdh goes back to the house more than wkisscpbz, so nyyaickdh is less dependable than wkisscpbz
qlknrep goes back to the house more than ywxksjpmkw, so qlknrep is less dependable than ywxksjpmkw
ittywacy goes back to the house more than wkbghp, so wkbghp is less dependable than ittywacy
xcysgudcfjq goes back to the house more than ydu, so ydu is less dependable than xcysgudcfjq
lnfcvwzyko goes back to the house more than khw, so khw is less dependable than lnfcvwzyko
nyyaickdh goes back to the house more than wkisscpbz, so wkisscpbz is less dependable than nyyaickdh
qlknrep goes back to the house more than ywxksjpmkw, so ywxksjpmkw is less dependable than qlknrep
nzxceolzg goes back to the house more than asdogkg, so nzxceolzg is not more dependable than asdogkg
hhihodanci goes back to the house more than ybbmesu, so hhihodanci is not more dependable than ybbmesu
igqbpumyk goes back to the house more than jzlxgmfxvot, so igqbpumyk is not more dependable than jzlxgmfxvot
fxthgogebze goes back to the house more than mkybufhzjyh, so fxthgogebze is not more dependable than mkybufhzjyh
tblnjwto goes back to the house more than vpslkskxwrf, so tblnjwto is not more dependable than vpslkskxwrf
asdogkg goes back to the house more than nzxceolzg, so nzxceolzg is not more dependable than asdogkg
ybbmesu goes back to the house more than hhihodanci, so hhihodanci is not more dependable than ybbmesu
jzlxgmfxvot goes back to the house more than igqbpumyk, so igqbpumyk is not more dependable than jzlxgmfxvot
mkybufhzjyh goes back to the house more than fxthgogebze, so fxthgogebze is not more dependable than mkybufhzjyh
vpslkskxwrf goes back to the house more than tblnjwto, so tblnjwto is not more dependable than vpslkskxwrf
fwjjzojktgv visits another person's uncle more than hkyseaeqow, so fwjjzojktgv is more affectionate than hkyseaeqow
cwl visits another person's uncle more than oxbulshczl, so cwl is more affectionate than oxbulshczl
girvnm visits another person's uncle more than kndzehhrqxs, so girvnm is more affectionate than kndzehhrqxs
ovfftnkr visits another person's uncle more than zphnizcpu, so ovfftnkr is more affectionate than zphnizcpu
gvgpudmkbhe visits another person's uncle more than bggtwnkbjt, so gvgpudmkbhe is more affectionate than bggtwnkbjt
fwjjzojktgv visits another person's uncle more than hkyseaeqow, so hkyseaeqow is less affectionate than fwjjzojktgv
cwl visits another person's uncle more than oxbulshczl, so oxbulshczl is less affectionate than cwl
girvnm visits another person's uncle more than kndzehhrqxs, so kndzehhrqxs is less affectionate than girvnm
ovfftnkr visits another person's uncle more than zphnizcpu, so zphnizcpu is less affectionate than ovfftnkr
gvgpudmkbhe visits another person's uncle more than bggtwnkbjt, so bggtwnkbjt is less affectionate than gvgpudmkbhe
ylthp visits another person's uncle more than mlhapdruiu, so ylthp is not less affectionate than mlhapdruiu
tutk visits another person's uncle more than gxcyvpm, so tutk is not less affectionate than gxcyvpm
nrulgtuhws visits another person's uncle more than wkutmv, so nrulgtuhws is not less affectionate than wkutmv
ljbvnvlk visits another person's uncle more than vrpdmczp, so ljbvnvlk is not less affectionate than vrpdmczp
jdtvcnc visits another person's uncle more than nwdnurzzjnzi, so jdtvcnc is not less affectionate than nwdnurzzjnzi
mlhapdruiu visits another person's uncle more than ylthp, so ylthp is not more affectionate than mlhapdruiu
gxcyvpm visits another person's uncle more than tutk, so tutk is not more affectionate than gxcyvpm
wkutmv visits another person's uncle more than nrulgtuhws, so nrulgtuhws is not more affectionate than wkutmv
vrpdmczp visits another person's uncle more than ljbvnvlk, so ljbvnvlk is not more affectionate than vrpdmczp
nwdnurzzjnzi visits another person's uncle more than jdtvcnc, so jdtvcnc is not more affectionate than nwdnurzzjnzi
zqpjwk finds a new place more than ohdzvwxjjb, so zqpjwk is more persistent than ohdzvwxjjb
hxvnwoga finds a new place more than mqeo, so hxvnwoga is more persistent than mqeo
wbvytxbeu finds a new place more than vdgvbua, so wbvytxbeu is more persistent than vdgvbua
koxexreu finds a new place more than jszmulj, so koxexreu is more persistent than jszmulj
qhc finds a new place more than jydeuv, so qhc is more persistent than jydeuv
zqpjwk finds a new place more than ohdzvwxjjb, so ohdzvwxjjb is less persistent than zqpjwk
hxvnwoga finds a new place more than mqeo, so mqeo is less persistent than hxvnwoga
wbvytxbeu finds a new place more than vdgvbua, so vdgvbua is less persistent than wbvytxbeu
koxexreu finds a new place more than jszmulj, so jszmulj is less persistent than koxexreu
qhc finds a new place more than jydeuv, so jydeuv is less persistent than qhc
lwweoyv finds a new place more than bfejhxhhpdux, so lwweoyv is not less persistent than bfejhxhhpdux
diagrreyf finds a new place more than piiijw, so diagrreyf is not less persistent than piiijw
rmypw finds a new place more than rsjivgz, so rmypw is not less persistent than rsjivgz
ozwo finds a new place more than ozijyf, so ozwo is not less persistent than ozijyf
vtogjh finds a new place more than njbxzxwsqx, so vtogjh is not less persistent than njbxzxwsqx
bfejhxhhpdux finds a new place more than lwweoyv, so lwweoyv is not more persistent than bfejhxhhpdux
piiijw finds a new place more than diagrreyf, so diagrreyf is not more persistent than piiijw
rsjivgz finds a new place more than rmypw, so rmypw is not more persistent than rsjivgz
ozijyf finds a new place more than ozwo, so ozwo is not more persistent than ozijyf
njbxzxwsqx finds a new place more than vtogjh, so vtogjh is not more persistent than njbxzxwsqx
gwjfpya goes to a party with their friends more than gsmwxcfrsb, so gwjfpya is more social than gsmwxcfrsb
rlenrmpfj goes to a party with their friends more than pqrrzlrgc, so rlenrmpfj is more social than pqrrzlrgc
hwzayczvt goes to a party with their friends more than plqczrhwr, so hwzayczvt is more social than plqczrhwr
xtrlrcawzks goes to a party with their friends more than qnsjx, so xtrlrcawzks is more social than qnsjx
rdqjf goes to a party with their friends more than tsfybw, so rdqjf is more social than tsfybw
gwjfpya goes to a party with their friends more than gsmwxcfrsb, so gsmwxcfrsb is less social than gwjfpya
rlenrmpfj goes to a party with their friends more than pqrrzlrgc, so pqrrzlrgc is less social than rlenrmpfj
hwzayczvt goes to a party with their friends more than plqczrhwr, so plqczrhwr is less social than hwzayczvt
xtrlrcawzks goes to a party with their friends more than qnsjx, so qnsjx is less social than xtrlrcawzks
rdqjf goes to a party with their friends more than tsfybw, so tsfybw is less social than rdqjf
ydppuywqr goes to a party with their friends more than kloqfrnlrv, so ydppuywqr is not less social than kloqfrnlrv
vofohbay goes to a party with their friends more than cglbyngibumt, so vofohbay is not less social than cglbyngibumt
lndyjrjfzckm goes to a party with their friends more than gbdara, so lndyjrjfzckm is not less social than gbdara
gwbcp goes to a party with their friends more than jukeect, so gwbcp is not less social than jukeect
vuioekp goes to a party with their friends more than sbrtuonu, so vuioekp is not less social than sbrtuonu
kloqfrnlrv goes to a party with their friends more than ydppuywqr, so ydppuywqr is not more social than kloqfrnlrv
cglbyngibumt goes to a party with their friends more than vofohbay, so vofohbay is not more social than cglbyngibumt
gbdara goes to a party with their friends more than lndyjrjfzckm, so lndyjrjfzckm is not more social than gbdara
jukeect goes to a party with their friends more than gwbcp, so gwbcp is not more social than jukeect
sbrtuonu goes to a party with their friends more than vuioekp, so vuioekp is not more social than sbrtuonu
wcuy takes out the trash more than kjrvfxbk, so wcuy is more responsible than kjrvfxbk
qcgnts takes out the trash more than rzd, so qcgnts is more responsible than rzd
xhrbklvkapf takes out the trash more than kiiwgr, so xhrbklvkapf is more responsible than kiiwgr
wzlxdxgtmljw takes out the trash more than cwgsoppsqafc, so wzlxdxgtmljw is more responsible than cwgsoppsqafc
gggi takes out the trash more than qivdlakgnqpu, so gggi is more responsible than qivdlakgnqpu
wcuy takes out the trash more than kjrvfxbk, so kjrvfxbk is less responsible than wcuy
qcgnts takes out the trash more than rzd, so rzd is less responsible than qcgnts
xhrbklvkapf takes out the trash more than kiiwgr, so kiiwgr is less responsible than xhrbklvkapf
wzlxdxgtmljw takes out the trash more than cwgsoppsqafc, so cwgsoppsqafc is less responsible than wzlxdxgtmljw
gggi takes out the trash more than qivdlakgnqpu, so qivdlakgnqpu is less responsible than gggi
wdt takes out the trash more than zucqrjisorb, so wdt is not less responsible than zucqrjisorb
ghjymayxebj takes out the trash more than eyiexku, so ghjymayxebj is not less responsible than eyiexku
iwiqqvd takes out the trash more than nvzdrtwoaya, so iwiqqvd is not less responsible than nvzdrtwoaya
zhbh takes out the trash more than hnkxvnrnkbn, so zhbh is not less responsible than hnkxvnrnkbn
zqbdavthldd takes out the trash more than igt, so zqbdavthldd is not less responsible than igt
zucqrjisorb takes out the trash more than wdt, so wdt is not more responsible than zucqrjisorb
eyiexku takes out the trash more than ghjymayxebj, so ghjymayxebj is not more responsible than eyiexku
nvzdrtwoaya takes out the trash more than iwiqqvd, so iwiqqvd is not more responsible than nvzdrtwoaya
hnkxvnrnkbn takes out the trash more than zhbh, so zhbh is not more responsible than hnkxvnrnkbn
igt takes out the trash more than zqbdavthldd, so zqbdavthldd is not more responsible than igt
dbqasmagrp turns another person's gaze more than dvikkshc, so dbqasmagrp is more eyecatching than dvikkshc
sgdpkhjaxeb turns another person's gaze more than wrfidszyqhq, so sgdpkhjaxeb is more eyecatching than wrfidszyqhq
vyxkyzc turns another person's gaze more than ihijfqrw, so vyxkyzc is more eyecatching than ihijfqrw
kscrovgxsp turns another person's gaze more than zfskm, so kscrovgxsp is more eyecatching than zfskm
dybzkavjozkc turns another person's gaze more than zidi, so dybzkavjozkc is more eyecatching than zidi
dbqasmagrp turns another person's gaze more than dvikkshc, so dvikkshc is less eyecatching than dbqasmagrp
sgdpkhjaxeb turns another person's gaze more than wrfidszyqhq, so wrfidszyqhq is less eyecatching than sgdpkhjaxeb
vyxkyzc turns another person's gaze more than ihijfqrw, so ihijfqrw is less eyecatching than vyxkyzc
kscrovgxsp turns another person's gaze more than zfskm, so zfskm is less eyecatching than kscrovgxsp
dybzkavjozkc turns another person's gaze more than zidi, so zidi is less eyecatching than dybzkavjozkc
igwc turns another person's gaze more than fhfwdmo, so igwc is not less eyecatching than fhfwdmo
rxr turns another person's gaze more than yzlrak, so rxr is not less eyecatching than yzlrak
ifhsdcyp turns another person's gaze more than lauj, so ifhsdcyp is not less eyecatching than lauj
iofe turns another person's gaze more than kieritjmww, so iofe is not less eyecatching than kieritjmww
thqpxqmpf turns another person's gaze more than lgnabp, so thqpxqmpf is not less eyecatching than lgnabp
fhfwdmo turns another person's gaze more than igwc, so igwc is not more eyecatching than fhfwdmo
yzlrak turns another person's gaze more than rxr, so rxr is not more eyecatching than yzlrak
lauj turns another person's gaze more than ifhsdcyp, so ifhsdcyp is not more eyecatching than lauj
kieritjmww turns another person's gaze more than iofe, so iofe is not more eyecatching than kieritjmww
lgnabp turns another person's gaze more than thqpxqmpf, so thqpxqmpf is not more eyecatching than lgnabp
uelsior makes enough money while wcrobrnw does not, so uelsior is more well off than wcrobrnw
jdffzmhg makes enough money while bkjrhpwz does not, so jdffzmhg is more well off than bkjrhpwz
rnzwqsqltho makes enough money while tik does not, so rnzwqsqltho is more well off than tik
jwngb makes enough money while cogshtcroe does not, so jwngb is more well off than cogshtcroe
imfqfgc makes enough money while ilbatufqozoz does not, so imfqfgc is more well off than ilbatufqozoz
uelsior makes enough money while wcrobrnw does not, so wcrobrnw is less well off than uelsior
jdffzmhg makes enough money while bkjrhpwz does not, so bkjrhpwz is less well off than jdffzmhg
rnzwqsqltho makes enough money while tik does not, so tik is less well off than rnzwqsqltho
jwngb makes enough money while cogshtcroe does not, so cogshtcroe is less well off than jwngb
imfqfgc makes enough money while ilbatufqozoz does not, so ilbatufqozoz is less well off than imfqfgc
rwd makes enough money more than qcmdjvqlmuov, so rwd is not less well off than qcmdjvqlmuov
ioei makes enough money more than ihryg, so ioei is not less well off than ihryg
cljpeuvt makes enough money more than vpvpmknssirc, so cljpeuvt is not less well off than vpvpmknssirc
ctojn makes enough money more than dzvriavdw, so ctojn is not less well off than dzvriavdw
uddfgtod makes enough money more than tkvvcr, so uddfgtod is not less well off than tkvvcr
qcmdjvqlmuov makes more money than rwd, so rwd is not more well off than qcmdjvqlmuov
ihryg makes more money than ioei, so ioei is not more well off than ihryg
vpvpmknssirc makes more money than cljpeuvt, so cljpeuvt is not more well off than vpvpmknssirc
dzvriavdw makes more money than ctojn, so ctojn is not more well off than dzvriavdw
tkvvcr makes more money than uddfgtod, so uddfgtod is not more well off than tkvvcr
mteir calls the police for help while xbthqfbqagv does not, so mteir is more scared than xbthqfbqagv
tstqgtykml calls the police for help while odiqecizybvi does not, so tstqgtykml is more scared than odiqecizybvi
zya calls the police for help while xwoanbtwuif does not, so zya is more scared than xwoanbtwuif
hwdrmr calls the police for help while ryn does not, so hwdrmr is more scared than ryn
yekbt calls the police for help while emzdakvunhn does not, so yekbt is more scared than emzdakvunhn
mteir calls the police for help more than xbthqfbqagv, so xbthqfbqagv is less scared than mteir
tstqgtykml calls the police for help more than odiqecizybvi, so odiqecizybvi is less scared than tstqgtykml
zya calls the police for help more than xwoanbtwuif, so xwoanbtwuif is less scared than zya
hwdrmr calls the police for help more than ryn, so ryn is less scared than hwdrmr
yekbt calls the police for help more than emzdakvunhn, so emzdakvunhn is less scared than yekbt
fsgdzlnrkbk calls the police for help while rnoyfhtaahx does not, so fsgdzlnrkbk is not less scared than rnoyfhtaahx
xitugq calls the police for help while bnfhphuaj does not, so xitugq is not less scared than bnfhphuaj
ftjbur calls the police for help while eokdvorgpuc does not, so ftjbur is not less scared than eokdvorgpuc
tdggoskijsu calls the police for help while wtjopsmvp does not, so tdggoskijsu is not less scared than wtjopsmvp
piqtnk calls the police for help while vmklr does not, so piqtnk is not less scared than vmklr
rnoyfhtaahx calls the police for help while fsgdzlnrkbk does not, so fsgdzlnrkbk is not more scared than rnoyfhtaahx
bnfhphuaj calls the police for help while xitugq does not, so xitugq is not more scared than bnfhphuaj
eokdvorgpuc calls the police for help while ftjbur does not, so ftjbur is not more scared than eokdvorgpuc
wtjopsmvp calls the police for help while tdggoskijsu does not, so tdggoskijsu is not more scared than wtjopsmvp
vmklr calls the police for help while piqtnk does not, so piqtnk is not more scared than vmklr
jgffjopt drags another person away more than avxulgchn, so jgffjopt is more determined than avxulgchn
ayje drags another person away more than rkb, so ayje is more determined than rkb
rzwpd drags another person away more than ruz, so rzwpd is more determined than ruz
bjfbw drags another person away more than wipf, so bjfbw is more determined than wipf
hcylrosivxdf drags another person away more than cwvricat, so hcylrosivxdf is more determined than cwvricat
jgffjopt drags another person away more than avxulgchn, so avxulgchn is less determined than jgffjopt
ayje drags another person away more than rkb, so rkb is less determined than ayje
rzwpd drags another person away more than ruz, so ruz is less determined than rzwpd
bjfbw drags another person away more than wipf, so wipf is less determined than bjfbw
hcylrosivxdf drags another person away more than cwvricat, so cwvricat is less determined than hcylrosivxdf
ogvqmbcvyqv drags another person away more than iaw, so ogvqmbcvyqv is not less determined than iaw
kyhzqwky drags another person away more than ktviqu, so kyhzqwky is not less determined than ktviqu
milopbhxrq drags another person away more than dhfcdph, so milopbhxrq is not less determined than dhfcdph
jbaa drags another person away more than rnx, so jbaa is not less determined than rnx
mnldxoxwngfg drags another person away more than brtwmknq, so mnldxoxwngfg is not less determined than brtwmknq
iaw drags another person away more than ogvqmbcvyqv, so ogvqmbcvyqv is not more determined than iaw
ktviqu drags another person away more than kyhzqwky, so kyhzqwky is not more determined than ktviqu
dhfcdph drags another person away more than milopbhxrq, so milopbhxrq is not more determined than dhfcdph
rnx drags another person away more than jbaa, so jbaa is not more determined than rnx
brtwmknq drags another person away more than mnldxoxwngfg, so mnldxoxwngfg is not more determined than brtwmknq
iaexdqj wanders away more than hpctyr, so iaexdqj is more careless than hpctyr
zctfokfvx wanders away more than pdb, so zctfokfvx is more careless than pdb
ysgjurgau wanders away more than ubcw, so ysgjurgau is more careless than ubcw
iaatktyazwy wanders away more than osiyzdoha, so iaatktyazwy is more careless than osiyzdoha
vinbg wanders away more than xkqbqhw, so vinbg is more careless than xkqbqhw
iaexdqj wanders away more than hpctyr, so hpctyr is less careless than iaexdqj
zctfokfvx wanders away more than pdb, so pdb is less careless than zctfokfvx
ysgjurgau wanders away more than ubcw, so ubcw is less careless than ysgjurgau
iaatktyazwy wanders away more than osiyzdoha, so osiyzdoha is less careless than iaatktyazwy
vinbg wanders away more than xkqbqhw, so xkqbqhw is less careless than vinbg
hhcqs wanders away more than jncpzhsgk, so hhcqs is not less careless than jncpzhsgk
rzzrcziifpll wanders away more than amejw, so rzzrcziifpll is not less careless than amejw
cqfiiw wanders away more than txrhti, so cqfiiw is not less careless than txrhti
pzcj wanders away more than xwmgk, so pzcj is not less careless than xwmgk
fgccivcv wanders away more than ptjmohutbw, so fgccivcv is not less careless than ptjmohutbw
jncpzhsgk wanders away more than hhcqs, so hhcqs is not more careless than jncpzhsgk
amejw wanders away more than rzzrcziifpll, so rzzrcziifpll is not more careless than amejw
txrhti wanders away more than cqfiiw, so cqfiiw is not more careless than txrhti
xwmgk wanders away more than pzcj, so pzcj is not more careless than xwmgk
ptjmohutbw wanders away more than fgccivcv, so fgccivcv is not more careless than ptjmohutbw
dquwjnvbkhm comes home today more than emcifuex, so dquwjnvbkhm is more content than emcifuex
jczfgpaaesva comes home today more than wvvtzfzfpk, so jczfgpaaesva is more content than wvvtzfzfpk
imqhdof comes home today more than gtxejhwlecl, so imqhdof is more content than gtxejhwlecl
rnqbxhbtjik comes home today more than zqrutv, so rnqbxhbtjik is more content than zqrutv
epqubwed comes home today more than nwfw, so epqubwed is more content than nwfw
dquwjnvbkhm comes home today more than emcifuex, so emcifuex is less content than dquwjnvbkhm
jczfgpaaesva comes home today more than wvvtzfzfpk, so wvvtzfzfpk is less content than jczfgpaaesva
imqhdof comes home today more than gtxejhwlecl, so gtxejhwlecl is less content than imqhdof
rnqbxhbtjik comes home today more than zqrutv, so zqrutv is less content than rnqbxhbtjik
epqubwed comes home today more than nwfw, so nwfw is less content than epqubwed
kdayamnjp comes home today more than kdnd, so kdayamnjp is not less content than kdnd
vtbfccyhubu comes home today more than dimmb, so vtbfccyhubu is not less content than dimmb
daxcmdeoxio comes home today more than igotetho, so daxcmdeoxio is not less content than igotetho
wcta comes home today more than dndnjfwg, so wcta is not less content than dndnjfwg
lfjdxsoxt comes home today more than ahb, so lfjdxsoxt is not less content than ahb
kdnd comes home today more than kdayamnjp, so kdayamnjp is not more content than kdnd
dimmb comes home today more than vtbfccyhubu, so vtbfccyhubu is not more content than dimmb
igotetho comes home today more than daxcmdeoxio, so daxcmdeoxio is not more content than igotetho
dndnjfwg comes home today more than wcta, so wcta is not more content than dndnjfwg
ahb comes home today more than lfjdxsoxt, so lfjdxsoxt is not more content than ahb
dnrm steals the money more than bew, so dnrm is more sinister than bew
uyuzqx steals the money more than zlgzxnv, so uyuzqx is more sinister than zlgzxnv
ubdppndl steals the money more than sepoi, so ubdppndl is more sinister than sepoi
zdcu steals the money more than vnghxp, so zdcu is more sinister than vnghxp
wrzhgtkob steals the money more than iqsrrakxqdct, so wrzhgtkob is more sinister than iqsrrakxqdct
dnrm steals the money more than bew, so bew is less sinister than dnrm
uyuzqx steals the money more than zlgzxnv, so zlgzxnv is less sinister than uyuzqx
ubdppndl steals the money more than sepoi, so sepoi is less sinister than ubdppndl
zdcu steals the money more than vnghxp, so vnghxp is less sinister than zdcu
wrzhgtkob steals the money more than iqsrrakxqdct, so iqsrrakxqdct is less sinister than wrzhgtkob
huxd steals the money more than vxvgxewq, so huxd is not less sinister than vxvgxewq
fdliva steals the money more than maigatvaj, so fdliva is not less sinister than maigatvaj
yhlwus steals the money more than rxllnawxt, so yhlwus is not less sinister than rxllnawxt
ctewe steals the money more than dphrg, so ctewe is not less sinister than dphrg
qod steals the money more than wnxyzsnj, so qod is not less sinister than wnxyzsnj
vxvgxewq steals the money more than huxd, so huxd is not more sinister than vxvgxewq
maigatvaj steals the money more than fdliva, so fdliva is not more sinister than maigatvaj
rxllnawxt steals the money more than yhlwus, so yhlwus is not more sinister than rxllnawxt
dphrg steals the money more than ctewe, so ctewe is not more sinister than dphrg
wnxyzsnj steals the money more than qod, so qod is not more sinister than wnxyzsnj
vwmj loves to play baseball more than swc, so vwmj is more energetic than swc
orle loves to play baseball more than vgdaywihh, so orle is more energetic than vgdaywihh
bfgise loves to play baseball more than bbfdmglgru, so bfgise is more energetic than bbfdmglgru
vokp loves to play baseball more than gdegtnhrbfb, so vokp is more energetic than gdegtnhrbfb
ujd loves to play baseball more than ycv, so ujd is more energetic than ycv
vwmj loves to play baseball more than swc, so swc is less energetic than vwmj
orle loves to play baseball more than vgdaywihh, so vgdaywihh is less energetic than orle
bfgise loves to play baseball more than bbfdmglgru, so bbfdmglgru is less energetic than bfgise
vokp loves to play baseball more than gdegtnhrbfb, so gdegtnhrbfb is less energetic than vokp
ujd loves to play baseball more than ycv, so ycv is less energetic than ujd
omdchwsvjc loves to play baseball more than kseellio, so omdchwsvjc is not less energetic than kseellio
dgskntralqp loves to play baseball more than yecynaq, so dgskntralqp is not less energetic than yecynaq
zqa loves to play baseball more than vlelqitjfika, so zqa is not less energetic than vlelqitjfika
kbuycmllq loves to play baseball more than ntolcbw, so kbuycmllq is not less energetic than ntolcbw
pafafbssamk loves to play baseball more than ehufblrf, so pafafbssamk is not less energetic than ehufblrf
kseellio loves to play baseball more than omdchwsvjc, so omdchwsvjc is not more energetic than kseellio
yecynaq loves to play baseball more than dgskntralqp, so dgskntralqp is not more energetic than yecynaq
vlelqitjfika loves to play baseball more than zqa, so zqa is not more energetic than vlelqitjfika
ntolcbw loves to play baseball more than kbuycmllq, so kbuycmllq is not more energetic than ntolcbw
ehufblrf loves to play baseball more than pafafbssamk, so pafafbssamk is not more energetic than ehufblrf
exely raises chickens more than orv, so exely is more caring than orv
pfaxxf raises chickens more than qsauwxzv, so pfaxxf is more caring than qsauwxzv
yinugsa raises chickens more than uutjlcwepo, so yinugsa is more caring than uutjlcwepo
wlmbsbo raises chickens more than qneqovx, so wlmbsbo is more caring than qneqovx
yiijvv raises chickens more than oxiwaiuhga, so yiijvv is more caring than oxiwaiuhga
exely raises chickens more than orv, so orv is less caring than exely
pfaxxf raises chickens more than qsauwxzv, so qsauwxzv is less caring than pfaxxf
yinugsa raises chickens more than uutjlcwepo, so uutjlcwepo is less caring than yinugsa
wlmbsbo raises chickens more than qneqovx, so qneqovx is less caring than wlmbsbo
yiijvv raises chickens more than oxiwaiuhga, so oxiwaiuhga is less caring than yiijvv
inl raises chickens more than qfcejqry, so inl is not less caring than qfcejqry
uphzueakmw raises chickens more than mbjsvaqpyy, so uphzueakmw is not less caring than mbjsvaqpyy
ubfsomlw raises chickens more than rwfass, so ubfsomlw is not less caring than rwfass
eppgfhgwzxi raises chickens more than ppkpy, so eppgfhgwzxi is not less caring than ppkpy
jwijcw raises chickens more than goonfrcyhdso, so jwijcw is not less caring than goonfrcyhdso
qfcejqry raises chickens more than inl, so inl is not more caring than qfcejqry
mbjsvaqpyy raises chickens more than uphzueakmw, so uphzueakmw is not more caring than mbjsvaqpyy
rwfass raises chickens more than ubfsomlw, so ubfsomlw is not more caring than rwfass
ppkpy raises chickens more than eppgfhgwzxi, so eppgfhgwzxi is not more caring than ppkpy
goonfrcyhdso raises chickens more than jwijcw, so jwijcw is not more caring than goonfrcyhdso
qzliktlo decides to break up with another person more than jit, so qzliktlo is more cruel than jit
picmzrc decides to break up with another person more than eac, so picmzrc is more cruel than eac
vtiavagcild decides to break up with another person more than pcjtmy, so vtiavagcild is more cruel than pcjtmy
ucbqofv decides to break up with another person more than otpeuq, so ucbqofv is more cruel than otpeuq
ipzxrc decides to break up with another person more than dwoqdvhmf, so ipzxrc is more cruel than dwoqdvhmf
qzliktlo decides to break up with another person more than jit, so jit is less cruel than qzliktlo
picmzrc decides to break up with another person more than eac, so eac is less cruel than picmzrc
vtiavagcild decides to break up with another person more than pcjtmy, so pcjtmy is less cruel than vtiavagcild
ucbqofv decides to break up with another person more than otpeuq, so otpeuq is less cruel than ucbqofv
ipzxrc decides to break up with another person more than dwoqdvhmf, so dwoqdvhmf is less cruel than ipzxrc
tkv decides to break up with another person more than xmerdl, so tkv is not less cruel than xmerdl
fybouzgn decides to break up with another person more than flrkerst, so fybouzgn is not less cruel than flrkerst
ydilehw decides to break up with another person more than emieyp, so ydilehw is not less cruel than emieyp
vonsrmicf decides to break up with another person more than bqge, so vonsrmicf is not less cruel than bqge
pmdlhcejeyz decides to break up with another person more than fvvwg, so pmdlhcejeyz is not less cruel than fvvwg
xmerdl decides to break up with another person more than tkv, so tkv is not more cruel than xmerdl
flrkerst decides to break up with another person more than fybouzgn, so fybouzgn is not more cruel than flrkerst
emieyp decides to break up with another person more than ydilehw, so ydilehw is not more cruel than emieyp
bqge decides to break up with another person more than vonsrmicf, so vonsrmicf is not more cruel than bqge
fvvwg decides to break up with another person more than pmdlhcejeyz, so pmdlhcejeyz is not more cruel than fvvwg
dkvgivxvixj is more straight than cpyvg, so dkvgivxvixj can catch football better than cpyvg.
zipbkaxu is more straight than ovaegoh, so zipbkaxu can catch football better than ovaegoh.
ygujjbrrmv is more straight than ccos, so ygujjbrrmv can catch football better than ccos.
jmc is more straight than pgsxnp, so jmc can catch football better than pgsxnp.
sjkbmtmppb is more straight than crwgyyilexi, so sjkbmtmppb can catch football better than crwgyyilexi.
dkvgivxvixj is more straight than cpyvg, so dkvgivxvixj can catch football more than cpyvg
zipbkaxu is more straight than ovaegoh, so zipbkaxu can catch football more than ovaegoh
ygujjbrrmv is more straight than ccos, so ygujjbrrmv can catch football more than ccos
jmc is more straight than pgsxnp, so jmc can catch football more than pgsxnp
sjkbmtmppb is more straight than crwgyyilexi, so sjkbmtmppb can catch football more than crwgyyilexi
wmynmpa is more straight than qhp, so wmynmpa is not worse at catching football than qhp
azicugbco is more straight than mwcxd, so azicugbco is not worse at catching football than mwcxd
spuj is more straight than hsiaykps, so spuj is not worse at catching football than hsiaykps
meo is more straight than blmgjzjwiq, so meo is not worse at catching football than blmgjzjwiq
obub is more straight than szxctqf, so obub is not worse at catching football than szxctqf
qhp is more straight than wmynmpa, so wmynmpa is not better at catching football than qhp
mwcxd is more straight than azicugbco, so azicugbco is not better at catching football than mwcxd
hsiaykps is more straight than spuj, so spuj is not better at catching football than hsiaykps
blmgjzjwiq is more straight than meo, so meo is not better at catching football than blmgjzjwiq
szxctqf is more straight than obub, so obub is not better at catching football than szxctqf
mqzuquy is more round than glmlckrm, so mqzuquy is better to store thing than glmlckrm
syqogtoqzdvj is more round than akdxnvsoaj, so syqogtoqzdvj is better to store thing than akdxnvsoaj
lyszsbk is more round than lumvi, so lyszsbk is better to store thing than lumvi
sbabmtwikt is more round than zcvyvprx, so sbabmtwikt is better to store thing than zcvyvprx
uekwshjpt is more round than colluuj, so uekwshjpt is better to store thing than colluuj
mqzuquy is round, glmlckrm is round, so mqzuquy is more likely to store thing than glmlckrm
syqogtoqzdvj is round, akdxnvsoaj is round, so syqogtoqzdvj is more likely to store thing than akdxnvsoaj
lyszsbk is round, lumvi is round, so lyszsbk is more likely to store thing than lumvi
sbabmtwikt is round, zcvyvprx is round, so sbabmtwikt is more likely to store thing than zcvyvprx
uekwshjpt is round, colluuj is round, so uekwshjpt is more likely to store thing than colluuj
fdqmtoepzdg is more round than relkcxzai, so fdqmtoepzdg is not worse to store thing than relkcxzai
zszqrnznbe is more round than wtqasxa, so zszqrnznbe is not worse to store thing than wtqasxa
bpoixea is more round than kedfzxank, so bpoixea is not worse to store thing than kedfzxank
xfyijisw is more round than rweklkoaq, so xfyijisw is not worse to store thing than rweklkoaq
pbgpj is more round than zzhn, so pbgpj is not worse to store thing than zzhn
relkcxzai is more round than fdqmtoepzdg, so fdqmtoepzdg is not better to store thing than relkcxzai
wtqasxa is more round than zszqrnznbe, so zszqrnznbe is not better to store thing than wtqasxa
kedfzxank is more round than bpoixea, so bpoixea is not better to store thing than kedfzxank
rweklkoaq is more round than xfyijisw, so xfyijisw is not better to store thing than rweklkoaq
zzhn is more round than pbgpj, so pbgpj is not better to store thing than zzhn
ituf is more curved than kqzqxdl, so ituf is better to play game than kqzqxdl
wjnvuapdn is more curved than cutkpemjf, so wjnvuapdn is better to play game than cutkpemjf
icure is more curved than uask, so icure is better to play game than uask
qtwlg is more curved than xhysyd, so qtwlg is better to play game than xhysyd
ssmmfprjqc is more curved than rbjgu, so ssmmfprjqc is better to play game than rbjgu
ituf is more curved than kqzqxdl, so ituf is more likely to play game than kqzqxdl
wjnvuapdn is more curved than cutkpemjf, so wjnvuapdn is more likely to play game than cutkpemjf
icure is more curved than uask, so icure is more likely to play game than uask
qtwlg is more curved than xhysyd, so qtwlg is more likely to play game than xhysyd
ssmmfprjqc is more curved than rbjgu, so ssmmfprjqc is more likely to play game than rbjgu
uomfollrbt is more curved than lmrvvlmf, so uomfollrbt is not worse to play game than lmrvvlmf
utldmqqf is more curved than xtgc, so utldmqqf is not worse to play game than xtgc
tpstmsdmvbnk is more curved than kml, so tpstmsdmvbnk is not worse to play game than kml
ihkclld is more curved than ebfm, so ihkclld is not worse to play game than ebfm
ngidci is more curved than vfgqfpxg, so ngidci is not worse to play game than vfgqfpxg
lmrvvlmf is more curved than uomfollrbt, so uomfollrbt is not better at playing game than lmrvvlmf
xtgc is more curved than utldmqqf, so utldmqqf is not better at playing game than xtgc
kml is more curved than tpstmsdmvbnk, so tpstmsdmvbnk is not better at playing game than kml
ebfm is more curved than ihkclld, so ihkclld is not better at playing game than ebfm
vfgqfpxg is more curved than ngidci, so ngidci is not better at playing game than vfgqfpxg
oagsvsxnfu is more curved than eizvkaasdd, so oagsvsxnfu is better to cook than eizvkaasdd
nlan is more curved than cqcpnny, so nlan is better to cook than cqcpnny
tgvuwpmhq is more curved than isrvupnozuto, so tgvuwpmhq is better to cook than isrvupnozuto
achgmirnnf is more curved than hmwvyla, so achgmirnnf is better to cook than hmwvyla
fqgrhl is more curved than kftwvxhhbfrw, so fqgrhl is better to cook than kftwvxhhbfrw
oagsvsxnfu is more curved than eizvkaasdd, so oagsvsxnfu is more likely to cook than eizvkaasdd
nlan is more curved than cqcpnny, so nlan is more likely to cook than cqcpnny
tgvuwpmhq is more curved than isrvupnozuto, so tgvuwpmhq is more likely to cook than isrvupnozuto
achgmirnnf is more curved than hmwvyla, so achgmirnnf is more likely to cook than hmwvyla
fqgrhl is more curved than kftwvxhhbfrw, so fqgrhl is more likely to cook than kftwvxhhbfrw
cpevryfv is more curved than veelv, so cpevryfv is not better to cook than veelv
luinapk is more curved than ixiy, so luinapk is not better to cook than ixiy
gczdmghik is more curved than qcziecbyzmwl, so gczdmghik is not better to cook than qcziecbyzmwl
zldqgj is more curved than pdjlfcvxvb, so zldqgj is not better to cook than pdjlfcvxvb
eukf is more curved than isiwbhciehh, so eukf is not better to cook than isiwbhciehh
veelv is more curved than cpevryfv, so cpevryfv is not better to cook than veelv
ixiy is more curved than luinapk, so luinapk is not better to cook than ixiy
qcziecbyzmwl is more curved than gczdmghik, so gczdmghik is not better to cook than qcziecbyzmwl
pdjlfcvxvb is more curved than zldqgj, so zldqgj is not better to cook than pdjlfcvxvb
isiwbhciehh is more curved than eukf, so eukf is not better to cook than isiwbhciehh