jogfqf is made out of paper and dbfhg is made out of metal, so jogfqf is more likely to crumple than dbfhg
mdjekqinbzh is made out of paper and ybwjjoaawkc is made out of metal, so mdjekqinbzh is more likely to crumple than ybwjjoaawkc
xtc is made out of paper and niarxkfcm is made out of metal, so xtc is more likely to crumple than niarxkfcm
xtvomfltno is made out of paper and vnnst is made out of metal, so xtvomfltno is more likely to crumple than vnnst
cbr is made out of paper and ljxujooqx is made out of metal, so cbr is more likely to crumple than ljxujooqx
goreuovl is made of paper, spcj is made of metal, so spcj is less likely to crumple than goreuovl
xgnxwzimn is made of paper, bhwdfn is made of metal, so bhwdfn is less likely to crumple than xgnxwzimn
pmzk is made of paper, tyhj is made of metal, so tyhj is less likely to crumple than pmzk
qvxkbitlva is made of paper, cecrqvj is made of metal, so cecrqvj is less likely to crumple than qvxkbitlva
azokx is made of paper, qant is made of metal, so qant is less likely to crumple than azokx
tsmb is made out of paper and cdzgvmoikdm is made out of metal, so tsmb is not more likely to crumple than cdzgvmoikdm
iodz is made out of paper and issrfgcw is made out of metal, so iodz is not more likely to crumple than issrfgcw
ivne is made out of paper and upn is made out of metal, so ivne is not more likely to crumple than upn
jupfivhbo is made out of paper and krtkkr is made out of metal, so jupfivhbo is not more likely to crumple than krtkkr
gwairexjnzy is made out of paper and kmb is made out of metal, so gwairexjnzy is not more likely to crumple than kmb
hbbepyyvqyg is made out of paper and bdhhbpuwqxs is made out of metal, so bdhhbpuwqxs is not more likely to crumple than hbbepyyvqyg
qwyynywqblw is made out of paper and uod is made out of metal, so uod is not more likely to crumple than qwyynywqblw
cfkufj is made out of paper and gak is made out of metal, so gak is not more likely to crumple than cfkufj
yuurfe is made out of paper and mml is made out of metal, so mml is not more likely to crumple than yuurfe
noj is made out of paper and gvyshxajqq is made out of metal, so gvyshxajqq is not more likely to crumple than noj
xmag is made of glass, fsvinzjz is made of milk, so xmag is less good for drink than fsvinzjz
ufz is made of glass, ahqlij is made of milk, so ufz is less good for drink than ahqlij
hdlr is made of glass, qydjorfwkgpo is made of milk, so hdlr is less good for drink than qydjorfwkgpo
ikhgxirxjcpw is made of glass, jjuqwbrfjvvb is made of milk, so ikhgxirxjcpw is less good for drink than jjuqwbrfjvvb
jddkfzqtuww is made of glass, dvcoyhejiity is made of milk, so jddkfzqtuww is less good for drink than dvcoyhejiity
agpkrfpxtvum is made of glass, ozocnwfvj is made of milk, so ozocnwfvj is more good for drink than agpkrfpxtvum
wjyczp is made of glass, dkknhaudu is made of milk, so dkknhaudu is more good for drink than wjyczp
jwifjdw is made of glass, ertjqvaezbgy is made of milk, so ertjqvaezbgy is more good for drink than jwifjdw
lgxgcb is made of glass, bfzxxf is made of milk, so bfzxxf is more good for drink than lgxgcb
lqtbnvlu is made of glass, ilkkeerso is made of milk, so ilkkeerso is more good for drink than lqtbnvlu
lyjabdpvyvn is made of glass, rzspegx is made of milk, so lyjabdpvyvn is not more good for drink than rzspegx
wthljmmhohuf is made of glass, cfezziazdja is made of milk, so wthljmmhohuf is not more good for drink than cfezziazdja
wcvjxwpgfwx is made of glass, etqcptfag is made of milk, so wcvjxwpgfwx is not more good for drink than etqcptfag
cqqsz is made of glass, zjryj is made of milk, so cqqsz is not more good for drink than zjryj
xteyz is made of glass, qyaqohlu is made of milk, so xteyz is not more good for drink than qyaqohlu
elra is made of glass, hxxffognmqhc is made of milk, so hxxffognmqhc is not less good for drink than elra
cuzvwkiffebi is made of glass, lim is made of milk, so lim is not less good for drink than cuzvwkiffebi
wmtt is made of glass, hanxmxckvi is made of milk, so hanxmxckvi is not less good for drink than wmtt
xbhhxorec is made of glass, oobvvw is made of milk, so oobvvw is not less good for drink than xbhhxorec
nmwpmquhwq is made of glass, hbb is made of milk, so hbb is not less good for drink than nmwpmquhwq
rncfzbing is made out of paper and edqlnohwhj is made out of plastic, so rncfzbing is more fragile than edqlnohwhj
eccu is made out of paper and qpdzbudxbwp is made out of plastic, so eccu is more fragile than qpdzbudxbwp
ogwaisyelmf is made out of paper and vrecxtoo is made out of plastic, so ogwaisyelmf is more fragile than vrecxtoo
larp is made out of paper and zveyfc is made out of plastic, so larp is more fragile than zveyfc
umlxfjzwyfsc is made out of paper and hemwfgzjang is made out of plastic, so umlxfjzwyfsc is more fragile than hemwfgzjang
lmvs is made out of paper and ytx is made out of plastic, so ytx is more fragile than lmvs
dwmeuijjhuuq is made out of paper and pzgpl is made out of plastic, so pzgpl is more fragile than dwmeuijjhuuq
aqbgt is made out of paper and ryw is made out of plastic, so ryw is more fragile than aqbgt
vlqaoovi is made out of paper and yxcql is made out of plastic, so yxcql is more fragile than vlqaoovi
tqlepgpkcci is made out of paper and shpsyixonc is made out of plastic, so shpsyixonc is more fragile than tqlepgpkcci
hjdkyuwgnaqh is made out of paper and kptzcut is made out of plastic, so hjdkyuwgnaqh is not more fragile than kptzcut
mteotbasmji is made out of paper and qmezlubmyzu is made out of plastic, so mteotbasmji is not more fragile than qmezlubmyzu
agzahm is made out of paper and amgjjnslzic is made out of plastic, so agzahm is not more fragile than amgjjnslzic
lkn is made out of paper and sfq is made out of plastic, so lkn is not more fragile than sfq
gjudpep is made out of paper and bjp is made out of plastic, so gjudpep is not more fragile than bjp
digai is made out of paper and qkzq is made out of plastic, so qkzq is not more fragile than digai
hzbkjdbeowab is made out of paper and gmpy is made out of plastic, so gmpy is not more fragile than hzbkjdbeowab
sqlzd is made out of paper and kqmxwjx is made out of plastic, so kqmxwjx is not more fragile than sqlzd
trfixql is made out of paper and dnr is made out of plastic, so dnr is not more fragile than trfixql
rchib is made out of paper and enjojnik is made out of plastic, so enjojnik is not more fragile than rchib
lwp is made of paper, ohynd is made of gold, so lwp is more fragile than ohynd
gcpnitfwkq is made of paper, xoqunfoxvp is made of gold, so gcpnitfwkq is more fragile than xoqunfoxvp
geeze is made of paper, cwi is made of gold, so geeze is more fragile than cwi
kuogkwjr is made of paper, kmzareby is made of gold, so kuogkwjr is more fragile than kmzareby
nwbubmmlln is made of paper, htdcdkbgne is made of gold, so nwbubmmlln is more fragile than htdcdkbgne
ccribufnsz is made of paper, fuclh is made of gold, so fuclh is less fragile than ccribufnsz
xke is made of paper, oyq is made of gold, so oyq is less fragile than xke
yjwngqevck is made of paper, dgl is made of gold, so dgl is less fragile than yjwngqevck
macewhveeuzj is made of paper, svdoya is made of gold, so svdoya is less fragile than macewhveeuzj
cgnmevp is made of paper, nfs is made of gold, so nfs is less fragile than cgnmevp
kleguzluja is made of paper, ujlfblx is made of gold, so kleguzluja is not less fragile than ujlfblx
mtbckybrpye is made of paper, wbcwzgl is made of gold, so mtbckybrpye is not less fragile than wbcwzgl
mdxntmuokq is made of paper, kii is made of gold, so mdxntmuokq is not less fragile than kii
gfcpvisqjfp is made of paper, mzu is made of gold, so gfcpvisqjfp is not less fragile than mzu
uqy is made of paper, zzxcshovsbrq is made of gold, so uqy is not less fragile than zzxcshovsbrq
utjvciruitn is made of paper, nccpaztiplx is made of gold, so nccpaztiplx is not more fragile than utjvciruitn
iidqu is made of paper, qbkmatno is made of gold, so qbkmatno is not more fragile than iidqu
idbplpnlcirt is made of paper, vry is made of gold, so vry is not more fragile than idbplpnlcirt
lnktphihcf is made of paper, nsrdytgnhykm is made of gold, so nsrdytgnhykm is not more fragile than lnktphihcf
lxvs is made of paper, xoupe is made of gold, so xoupe is not more fragile than lxvs
xdkszsb is made of glass, qcqoarfkhs is made of sand, so qcqoarfkhs is less clear than xdkszsb
nncr is made of glass, arolhs is made of sand, so arolhs is less clear than nncr
qlroldiqgu is made of glass, hubjfqmmimuw is made of sand, so hubjfqmmimuw is less clear than qlroldiqgu
aweugjpziwl is made of glass, fyrqu is made of sand, so fyrqu is less clear than aweugjpziwl
aunukbomlx is made of glass, gjvz is made of sand, so gjvz is less clear than aunukbomlx
lboaref is made of glass, irjtqvx is made of sand, so lboaref is not less clear than irjtqvx
obbx is made of glass, furjqeni is made of sand, so obbx is not less clear than furjqeni
veun is made of glass, thyhbdcf is made of sand, so veun is not less clear than thyhbdcf
vybeblxmo is made of glass, sbvuhj is made of sand, so vybeblxmo is not less clear than sbvuhj
heoxyayd is made of glass, mwmzssxhv is made of sand, so heoxyayd is not less clear than mwmzssxhv
jhysnfgo is made of glass, lhajqcg is made of sand, so lhajqcg is not more clear than jhysnfgo
gzv is made of glass, eowdd is made of sand, so eowdd is not more clear than gzv
zgxr is made of glass, usckaqtgcath is made of sand, so usckaqtgcath is not more clear than zgxr
bwdnpje is made of glass, tee is made of sand, so tee is not more clear than bwdnpje
qmo is made of glass, saxaekzx is made of sand, so saxaekzx is not more clear than qmo
njsyaalxqj is in the first grade, aamedsc is in the second grade, so aamedsc is less young than njsyaalxqj
nkokqk is in the first grade, ywbr is in the second grade, so ywbr is less young than nkokqk
hzrdzusq is in the first grade, gzkwxuss is in the second grade, so gzkwxuss is less young than hzrdzusq
vulciyp is in the first grade, dlz is in the second grade, so dlz is less young than vulciyp
tuhdopsleam is in the first grade, ghvk is in the second grade, so ghvk is less young than tuhdopsleam
yzjjatrrgzs is in the first grade, rrtxgjr is in the second grade, so yzjjatrrgzs is not more young than rrtxgjr
zvukimnpi is in the first grade, sakkmvlz is in the second grade, so zvukimnpi is not more young than sakkmvlz
pvjtjpmttgu is in the first grade, ydkr is in the second grade, so pvjtjpmttgu is not more young than ydkr
mbp is in the first grade, rqsudoa is in the second grade, so mbp is not more young than rqsudoa
rmqmxewc is in the first grade, uhspcdhmiksu is in the second grade, so rmqmxewc is not more young than uhspcdhmiksu
qaoyqzyhcmc is in the twelfth grade, lbbtlv is in the sixth grade, so qaoyqzyhcmc is more old than lbbtlv
ssmvdkvegri is in the twelfth grade, kia is in the sixth grade, so ssmvdkvegri is more old than kia
hnsfducnrrja is in the twelfth grade, lldrergh is in the sixth grade, so hnsfducnrrja is more old than lldrergh
fanphrctutxt is in the twelfth grade, szrs is in the sixth grade, so fanphrctutxt is more old than szrs
vatskfzvaiz is in the twelfth grade, qprpa is in the sixth grade, so vatskfzvaiz is more old than qprpa
umkkonpiewb is in the twelfth grade, wggcj is in the sixth grade, so wggcj is less old than umkkonpiewb
jssna is in the twelfth grade, psusi is in the sixth grade, so psusi is less old than jssna
pycdtx is in the twelfth grade, ijjimi is in the sixth grade, so ijjimi is less old than pycdtx
bmhgr is in the twelfth grade, zxoa is in the sixth grade, so zxoa is less old than bmhgr
mmah is in the twelfth grade, axg is in the sixth grade, so axg is less old than mmah
rivghxrzubfs is in the twelfth grade, fgn is in the sixth grade, so rivghxrzubfs is not less old than fgn
lzdlpbilpttb is in the twelfth grade, bzkhvpplb is in the sixth grade, so lzdlpbilpttb is not less old than bzkhvpplb
yzlrkj is in the twelfth grade, mwuvskptczlr is in the sixth grade, so yzlrkj is not less old than mwuvskptczlr
ekkkpdrx is in the twelfth grade, vtpkrhyrf is in the sixth grade, so ekkkpdrx is not less old than vtpkrhyrf
wqmejlzot is in the twelfth grade, gbarozlhexby is in the sixth grade, so wqmejlzot is not less old than gbarozlhexby
rgsnbsgfx is in the twelfth grade, asw is in the sixth grade, so asw is not more old than rgsnbsgfx
ynjvzj is in the twelfth grade, dpktemgtk is in the sixth grade, so dpktemgtk is not more old than ynjvzj
nqzaeoebae is in the twelfth grade, sraylshpbwi is in the sixth grade, so sraylshpbwi is not more old than nqzaeoebae
skpwrklvqfuz is in the twelfth grade, ioghhgde is in the sixth grade, so ioghhgde is not more old than skpwrklvqfuz
bmkdf is in the twelfth grade, uscdgbb is in the sixth grade, so uscdgbb is not more old than bmkdf
catqmm is in the fourth grade, mwej is in the twelfth grade, so mwej is less young than catqmm
ulkhzcgut is in the fourth grade, cuhlhnsvetwg is in the twelfth grade, so cuhlhnsvetwg is less young than ulkhzcgut
kls is in the fourth grade, kqlobfnncje is in the twelfth grade, so kqlobfnncje is less young than kls
msp is in the fourth grade, zchbrtyjdjs is in the twelfth grade, so zchbrtyjdjs is less young than msp
nzokzegfrb is in the fourth grade, oawz is in the twelfth grade, so oawz is less young than nzokzegfrb
gqjytyjncfbg is in the fourth grade, apviyxztwhf is in the twelfth grade, so gqjytyjncfbg is not less young than apviyxztwhf
ixrxdmdkbnvi is in the fourth grade, avcrcyettjg is in the twelfth grade, so ixrxdmdkbnvi is not less young than avcrcyettjg
rsmu is in the fourth grade, bwda is in the twelfth grade, so rsmu is not less young than bwda
bzptt is in the fourth grade, tfpht is in the twelfth grade, so bzptt is not less young than tfpht
igdfkcn is in the fourth grade, gahle is in the twelfth grade, so igdfkcn is not less young than gahle
ahevzyawb is in the eleventh grade, yduagtu is in the seventh grade, so ahevzyawb is more old than yduagtu
epte is in the eleventh grade, fjikg is in the seventh grade, so epte is more old than fjikg
fltjv is in the eleventh grade, dpm is in the seventh grade, so fltjv is more old than dpm
zsfeqggao is in the eleventh grade, udrdnhdmw is in the seventh grade, so zsfeqggao is more old than udrdnhdmw
odoauglcl is in the eleventh grade, lsd is in the seventh grade, so odoauglcl is more old than lsd
jlfrvfpzkze is in the eleventh grade, udevxepnyc is in the seventh grade, so udevxepnyc is less old than jlfrvfpzkze
jsnnf is in the eleventh grade, jwnqzejyj is in the seventh grade, so jwnqzejyj is less old than jsnnf
qcqppeor is in the eleventh grade, teo is in the seventh grade, so teo is less old than qcqppeor
rqnc is in the eleventh grade, kmzs is in the seventh grade, so kmzs is less old than rqnc
uusvhhlnglmz is in the eleventh grade, mvegirjz is in the seventh grade, so mvegirjz is less old than uusvhhlnglmz
newlpxtyqig is in the eleventh grade, trdji is in the seventh grade, so newlpxtyqig is not less old than trdji
hoosfqhsoaar is in the eleventh grade, pwoqu is in the seventh grade, so hoosfqhsoaar is not less old than pwoqu
cec is in the eleventh grade, ccwuwgwm is in the seventh grade, so cec is not less old than ccwuwgwm
myznui is in the eleventh grade, sxi is in the seventh grade, so myznui is not less old than sxi
bryaobkxgicz is in the eleventh grade, ystraf is in the seventh grade, so bryaobkxgicz is not less old than ystraf
mkbbefar is in the eleventh grade, zwbr is in the seventh grade, so zwbr is not more old than mkbbefar
ldjoitrffj is in the eleventh grade, jzldmumznwxp is in the seventh grade, so jzldmumznwxp is not more old than ldjoitrffj
gifmxfgoa is in the eleventh grade, uhasi is in the seventh grade, so uhasi is not more old than gifmxfgoa
timoo is in the eleventh grade, emkxsk is in the seventh grade, so emkxsk is not more old than timoo
uxmnhlz is in the eleventh grade, vmw is in the seventh grade, so vmw is not more old than uxmnhlz
pscjoiapfixn is in the third grade, zlu is in the second grade, so pscjoiapfixn is more old than zlu
ugtcxlz is in the third grade, lxbqoa is in the second grade, so ugtcxlz is more old than lxbqoa
yjqtcol is in the third grade, xacdmsasrn is in the second grade, so yjqtcol is more old than xacdmsasrn
cbok is in the third grade, jkpnbg is in the second grade, so cbok is more old than jkpnbg
neumoxj is in the third grade, wkeecodbhg is in the second grade, so neumoxj is more old than wkeecodbhg
cfy is in the third grade, wesxzdryft is in the second grade, so wesxzdryft is less old than cfy
lzrdihmhdbmn is in the third grade, bubyebeoui is in the second grade, so bubyebeoui is less old than lzrdihmhdbmn
rhstkaxbayd is in the third grade, hthei is in the second grade, so hthei is less old than rhstkaxbayd
uyflrtqm is in the third grade, qfofid is in the second grade, so qfofid is less old than uyflrtqm
rfiigakme is in the third grade, khchhlakcnra is in the second grade, so khchhlakcnra is less old than rfiigakme
oidk is in the third grade, oobavqicfjf is in the second grade, so oidk is not less old than oobavqicfjf
kevisfwrgufr is in the third grade, dbajrfsdhudk is in the second grade, so kevisfwrgufr is not less old than dbajrfsdhudk
yayzdwkls is in the third grade, nvhgquvpnv is in the second grade, so yayzdwkls is not less old than nvhgquvpnv
lyittruev is in the third grade, jshik is in the second grade, so lyittruev is not less old than jshik
gkkc is in the third grade, pwwz is in the second grade, so gkkc is not less old than pwwz
pmo is in the third grade, qygepekdobr is in the second grade, so qygepekdobr is not more old than pmo
snolah is in the third grade, pwpfjeqn is in the second grade, so pwpfjeqn is not more old than snolah
wko is in the third grade, lft is in the second grade, so lft is not more old than wko
acezxju is in the third grade, xrgs is in the second grade, so xrgs is not more old than acezxju
kwifiltmzmci is in the third grade, tux is in the second grade, so tux is not more old than kwifiltmzmci
tmsmnxrn is living in northern australia, chkvvhlfejb is living in oslo, norway, so tmsmnxrn is likely living in a hotter condition than chkvvhlfejb.
ktb is living in northern australia, cjvnlxwjrhwp is living in oslo, norway, so ktb is likely living in a hotter condition than cjvnlxwjrhwp.
wyvkokxj is living in northern australia, tuwma is living in oslo, norway, so wyvkokxj is likely living in a hotter condition than tuwma.
nnclqtzuys is living in northern australia, wkyy is living in oslo, norway, so nnclqtzuys is likely living in a hotter condition than wkyy.
izawpc is living in northern australia, etzgl is living in oslo, norway, so izawpc is likely living in a hotter condition than etzgl.
mawjj is living in northern australia, qagz is living in oslo, so qagz is likely living in a more hot condition than mawjj.
hgrdjg is living in northern australia, uvqsrcfsr is living in oslo, so uvqsrcfsr is likely living in a more hot condition than hgrdjg.
cnpg is living in northern australia, yumoxioii is living in oslo, so yumoxioii is likely living in a more hot condition than cnpg.
mgtdrgialu is living in northern australia, ucdazfm is living in oslo, so ucdazfm is likely living in a more hot condition than mgtdrgialu.
rkvk is living in northern australia, mxaimvdaqx is living in oslo, so mxaimvdaqx is likely living in a more hot condition than rkvk.
znkdpjkzjte is living in northern australia, hfr is living in oslo, so znkdpjkzjte is not less likely to be living in a hot condition than hfr
zwloxx is living in northern australia, eektbfbe is living in oslo, so zwloxx is not less likely to be living in a hot condition than eektbfbe
fdwscec is living in northern australia, pphyhlvd is living in oslo, so fdwscec is not less likely to be living in a hot condition than pphyhlvd
bhuwyhimgz is living in northern australia, daj is living in oslo, so bhuwyhimgz is not less likely to be living in a hot condition than daj
mpvke is living in northern australia, mhzzjkrhome is living in oslo, so mpvke is not less likely to be living in a hot condition than mhzzjkrhome
jtitrinxgb is living in northern australia, vndjxiqdlliz is living in oslo, so vndjxiqdlliz is not living in a hotter condition than jtitrinxgb.
uazpuiutcc is living in northern australia, ifxfqmd is living in oslo, so ifxfqmd is not living in a hotter condition than uazpuiutcc.
stbdjigxlrag is living in northern australia, phdgktd is living in oslo, so phdgktd is not living in a hotter condition than stbdjigxlrag.
vos is living in northern australia, ygfho is living in oslo, so ygfho is not living in a hotter condition than vos.
iwv is living in northern australia, mextn is living in oslo, so mextn is not living in a hotter condition than iwv.
xqxk is living in dome c, so xqxk is likely living in a colder condition than wocbxbv, so xqxk is likely living in a colder condition than wocbxbv
pjoa is living in dome c, so pjoa is likely living in a colder condition than xyapifvefmc, so pjoa is likely living in a colder condition than xyapifvefmc
svkcqzkp is living in dome c, so svkcqzkp is likely living in a colder condition than ktptdgv, so svkcqzkp is likely living in a colder condition than ktptdgv
ytsrqbopzu is living in dome c, so ytsrqbopzu is likely living in a colder condition than odcffdtabae, so ytsrqbopzu is likely living in a colder condition than odcffdtabae
bphqcuvlqb is living in dome c, so bphqcuvlqb is likely living in a colder condition than gwraf, so bphqcuvlqb is likely living in a colder condition than gwraf
mmnwjyyp is living in dome c, so rcvldtbkctf is likely living in vietnam, so rcvldtbkctf is likely living in a less cold condition than mmnwjyyp
ipspxzngaunt is living in dome c, so lzdpldf is likely living in vietnam, so lzdpldf is likely living in a less cold condition than ipspxzngaunt
xgt is living in dome c, so aecttwzfh is likely living in vietnam, so aecttwzfh is likely living in a less cold condition than xgt
wbcnmbcuqlp is living in dome c, so uhstjxfxhziw is likely living in vietnam, so uhstjxfxhziw is likely living in a less cold condition than wbcnmbcuqlp
tlcln is living in dome c, so piw is likely living in vietnam, so piw is likely living in a less cold condition than tlcln
kgygvmrgsjvn is living in the dome c, so kgygvmrgsjvn is not living in a less cold condition than xhxagkdb
sdrom is living in the dome c, so sdrom is not living in a less cold condition than eil
zjimvrxcoxg is living in the dome c, so zjimvrxcoxg is not living in a less cold condition than lqgxplth
zmrtytjqtnj is living in the dome c, so zmrtytjqtnj is not living in a less cold condition than tljjwt
qmuxh is living in the dome c, so qmuxh is not living in a less cold condition than cflzbhjywlbw
ikxmaqz is living in the dome c, so pxcqi is not living in a colder condition than ikxmaqz
vuavnxkfx is living in the dome c, so fxhxhfpqycb is not living in a colder condition than vuavnxkfx
mwngrldf is living in the dome c, so nxobzkoquqmz is not living in a colder condition than mwngrldf
lgejuyeolhah is living in the dome c, so kxisenxy is not living in a colder condition than lgejuyeolhah
noienek is living in the dome c, so svkjuuzc is not living in a colder condition than noienek
womuhjgjqp is living in the northern siberia, lhrjm is living in the northern australia, so womuhjgjqp is likely living in a colder condition than lhrjm.
vttdyd is living in the northern siberia, ijxlmx is living in the northern australia, so vttdyd is likely living in a colder condition than ijxlmx.
ctyldpw is living in the northern siberia, pplueccxrux is living in the northern australia, so ctyldpw is likely living in a colder condition than pplueccxrux.
ufkbl is living in the northern siberia, spzthpd is living in the northern australia, so ufkbl is likely living in a colder condition than spzthpd.
yavpkuoyq is living in the northern siberia, mcilynmkxivs is living in the northern australia, so yavpkuoyq is likely living in a colder condition than mcilynmkxivs.
wrgllkypjdbc is living in the northern siberia, hfncczgmrppz is living in the northern australia, so hfncczgmrppz is likely living in a less cold condition than wrgllkypjdbc.
hnsqxkd is living in the northern siberia, stnswbjzcsjv is living in the northern australia, so stnswbjzcsjv is likely living in a less cold condition than hnsqxkd.
plq is living in the northern siberia, lepjzsvdfc is living in the northern australia, so lepjzsvdfc is likely living in a less cold condition than plq.
omde is living in the northern siberia, foadyba is living in the northern australia, so foadyba is likely living in a less cold condition than omde.
pvqcxhvcwcda is living in the northern siberia, iiieltt is living in the northern australia, so iiieltt is likely living in a less cold condition than pvqcxhvcwcda.
eaicxbv is living in the northern siberia, rxilzqklyd is living in the northern australia, so eaicxbv is not living in a less cold condition than rxilzqklyd.
zrbiisjcobw is living in the northern siberia, ftdzrja is living in the northern australia, so zrbiisjcobw is not living in a less cold condition than ftdzrja.
kkx is living in the northern siberia, ttqxlwyi is living in the northern australia, so kkx is not living in a less cold condition than ttqxlwyi.
zleajyuag is living in the northern siberia, hhhgwcxd is living in the northern australia, so zleajyuag is not living in a less cold condition than hhhgwcxd.
zfsx is living in the northern siberia, hdjbzkdkfst is living in the northern australia, so zfsx is not living in a less cold condition than hdjbzkdkfst.
emxwr is living in the northern siberia, fgscl is living in the northern australia, so fgscl is not likely living in a colder condition than emxwr.
qumvgs is living in the northern siberia, qnjhuppx is living in the northern australia, so qnjhuppx is not likely living in a colder condition than qumvgs.
unm is living in the northern siberia, wdrprbepzmyr is living in the northern australia, so wdrprbepzmyr is not likely living in a colder condition than unm.
hbx is living in the northern siberia, wyf is living in the northern australia, so wyf is not likely living in a colder condition than hbx.
xewj is living in the northern siberia, ogyem is living in the northern australia, so ogyem is not likely living in a colder condition than xewj.
mzujfnsqj is living in colombia, gkihbb is living in greenland, so mzujfnsqj is likely living in a hotter condition than gkihbb.
nmlmsur is living in colombia, wknav is living in greenland, so nmlmsur is likely living in a hotter condition than wknav.
vfbllikpken is living in colombia, zmbheymstys is living in greenland, so vfbllikpken is likely living in a hotter condition than zmbheymstys.
yfdumckzslm is living in colombia, vdodclq is living in greenland, so yfdumckzslm is likely living in a hotter condition than vdodclq.
kdvtb is living in colombia, icumftmudqq is living in greenland, so kdvtb is likely living in a hotter condition than icumftmudqq.
ikfna is living in colombia, kisoao is living in greenland, so kisoao is likely living in a less hot condition than ikfna.
ccrpaqzemx is living in colombia, kvbu is living in greenland, so kvbu is likely living in a less hot condition than ccrpaqzemx.
hhgoeb is living in colombia, llkvagclri is living in greenland, so llkvagclri is likely living in a less hot condition than hhgoeb.
levplzq is living in colombia, qxfvvevdjm is living in greenland, so qxfvvevdjm is likely living in a less hot condition than levplzq.
pdck is living in colombia, iinzqoi is living in greenland, so iinzqoi is likely living in a less hot condition than pdck.
dftyon is living in colombia, aeobl is living in the greenland, so dftyon is not living in a less hot condition than aeobl
qikuwjhwrko is living in colombia, msvputju is living in the greenland, so qikuwjhwrko is not living in a less hot condition than msvputju
tclrwzrtrb is living in colombia, bcvwqezzx is living in the greenland, so tclrwzrtrb is not living in a less hot condition than bcvwqezzx
dkpkplu is living in colombia, ncsvofmmu is living in the greenland, so dkpkplu is not living in a less hot condition than ncsvofmmu
uhkqzsmo is living in colombia, whtjos is living in the greenland, so uhkqzsmo is not living in a less hot condition than whtjos
xbuklumc is living in colombia, twwtp is living in greenland, so twwtp is not living in a hotter condition than xbuklumc.
yolym is living in colombia, vkkfzyo is living in greenland, so vkkfzyo is not living in a hotter condition than yolym.
agltfjijte is living in colombia, ghpujtvlr is living in greenland, so ghpujtvlr is not living in a hotter condition than agltfjijte.
jnzxyg is living in colombia, wzn is living in greenland, so wzn is not living in a hotter condition than jnzxyg.
qyqhmfykrqvq is living in colombia, yegowlr is living in greenland, so yegowlr is not living in a hotter condition than qyqhmfykrqvq.
fdt is living in angola, eototilooeaa is living in helsinki, so fdt is likely living in a hotter condition than eototilooeaa.
jnjcalliagw is living in angola, fmrysuetpef is living in helsinki, so jnjcalliagw is likely living in a hotter condition than fmrysuetpef.
hwcgkoyg is living in angola, uppukwtsq is living in helsinki, so hwcgkoyg is likely living in a hotter condition than uppukwtsq.
nfkuipzlma is living in angola, rgd is living in helsinki, so nfkuipzlma is likely living in a hotter condition than rgd.
vlms is living in angola, euy is living in helsinki, so vlms is likely living in a hotter condition than euy.
tugqnobuznv is living in angola, avhpzlowh is living in helsinki, so avhpzlowh is likely living in a less hot condition than tugqnobuznv.
mxsku is living in angola, gphg is living in helsinki, so gphg is likely living in a less hot condition than mxsku.
iidqtsgu is living in angola, kwnec is living in helsinki, so kwnec is likely living in a less hot condition than iidqtsgu.
aqf is living in angola, lffepx is living in helsinki, so lffepx is likely living in a less hot condition than aqf.
hfkjpdtjw is living in angola, pxcb is living in helsinki, so pxcb is likely living in a less hot condition than hfkjpdtjw.
epfbbbpddwt is living in angola, jqmoj is living in helsinki, so epfbbbpddwt is not living in a more hot condition than jqmoj
opxzjhrb is living in angola, tqob is living in helsinki, so opxzjhrb is not living in a more hot condition than tqob
vbbsxd is living in angola, zbwd is living in helsinki, so vbbsxd is not living in a more hot condition than zbwd
pipf is living in angola, tgihhxbyb is living in helsinki, so pipf is not living in a more hot condition than tgihhxbyb
bnjyafh is living in angola, gvrv is living in helsinki, so bnjyafh is not living in a more hot condition than gvrv
jodcvikqpcsd is living in angola, cvykyboz is living in helsinki, so cvykyboz is not living in a hotter condition than jodcvikqpcsd
xsnslggane is living in angola, txib is living in helsinki, so txib is not living in a hotter condition than xsnslggane
jjdwqbxg is living in angola, yggjla is living in helsinki, so yggjla is not living in a hotter condition than jjdwqbxg
knxmmwoq is living in angola, liiekpw is living in helsinki, so liiekpw is not living in a hotter condition than knxmmwoq
uywuhjhl is living in angola, gynr is living in helsinki, so gynr is not living in a hotter condition than uywuhjhl
ljkxqogo is living in the dome c, antarctica, euhnmlwpvev is living in thailand, so euhnmlwpvev is likely living in a less cold condition than ljkxqogo.
oaxijgibny is living in the dome c, antarctica, trsd is living in thailand, so trsd is likely living in a less cold condition than oaxijgibny.
fegnxajgaxg is living in the dome c, antarctica, rnmmtsqltapl is living in thailand, so rnmmtsqltapl is likely living in a less cold condition than fegnxajgaxg.
rrjjvw is living in the dome c, antarctica, rgdy is living in thailand, so rgdy is likely living in a less cold condition than rrjjvw.
fkiootnydeo is living in the dome c, antarctica, daicjshdklj is living in thailand, so daicjshdklj is likely living in a less cold condition than fkiootnydeo.
fddaw is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, gmg is living in mauritania, so fddaw is likely living in a colder condition than gmg
kihprupoaks is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, piforbkesxnn is living in mauritania, so kihprupoaks is likely living in a colder condition than piforbkesxnn
zfmjp is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, rxwas is living in mauritania, so zfmjp is likely living in a colder condition than rxwas
zqpweof is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, dxuocung is living in mauritania, so zqpweof is likely living in a colder condition than dxuocung
xriiwnwyz is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, breklwsv is living in mauritania, so xriiwnwyz is likely living in a colder condition than breklwsv
gcyxgzhh is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, mro is living in mauritania, so mro is likely living in a less cold condition than gcyxgzhh.
kkhygvvqlgju is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, uailqtb is living in mauritania, so uailqtb is likely living in a less cold condition than kkhygvvqlgju.
jrtxeuxol is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, ntvh is living in mauritania, so ntvh is likely living in a less cold condition than jrtxeuxol.
bmtrnidlbc is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, ilzcnzkptq is living in mauritania, so ilzcnzkptq is likely living in a less cold condition than bmtrnidlbc.
usqdjbzv is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, wnypemu is living in mauritania, so wnypemu is likely living in a less cold condition than usqdjbzv.
tiwgbc is living in the Nordic countries, nyhbt is living in mauritania, so tiwgbc is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than nyhbt
kkirzao is living in the Nordic countries, cargizvbs is living in mauritania, so kkirzao is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than cargizvbs
osaatzxtduqe is living in the Nordic countries, izfawvzlbcgp is living in mauritania, so osaatzxtduqe is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than izfawvzlbcgp
ayvzmzpifwvh is living in the Nordic countries, mlxvup is living in mauritania, so ayvzmzpifwvh is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than mlxvup
sanhli is living in the Nordic countries, fkbdl is living in mauritania, so sanhli is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than fkbdl
auxx is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, stsmut is living in mauritania, so stsmut is not living in a colder condition than auxx
mgvmgvjlaa is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, agtfqpg is living in mauritania, so agtfqpg is not living in a colder condition than mgvmgvjlaa
esnznajftw is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, tyv is living in mauritania, so tyv is not living in a colder condition than esnznajftw
urdaeokldvzb is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, jhfabxsoizzo is living in mauritania, so jhfabxsoizzo is not living in a colder condition than urdaeokldvzb
hvrxz is living in major parts of the nordic countries in eu, dxwbrztz is living in mauritania, so dxwbrztz is not living in a colder condition than hvrxz
zoqonw is living in Zambia, aielpogbbhk is living in the southern alaska united states, so zoqonw is likely living in a hotter condition than aielpogbbhk.
boksyz is living in Zambia, sfcpqimvsg is living in the southern alaska united states, so boksyz is likely living in a hotter condition than sfcpqimvsg.
tagfbuw is living in Zambia, tjhmztabakm is living in the southern alaska united states, so tagfbuw is likely living in a hotter condition than tjhmztabakm.
sdofbdmm is living in Zambia, xgkji is living in the southern alaska united states, so sdofbdmm is likely living in a hotter condition than xgkji.
nlgmjxvdx is living in Zambia, etluituet is living in the southern alaska united states, so nlgmjxvdx is likely living in a hotter condition than etluituet.
cojuouigzzp is living in Zambia, stcxkgzqqpik is living in the southern alaska united states, so stcxkgzqqpik is likely living in a less hot condition than cojuouigzzp.
otqgjjxzcy is living in Zambia, nvkdpa is living in the southern alaska united states, so nvkdpa is likely living in a less hot condition than otqgjjxzcy.
svx is living in Zambia, yiliqafikc is living in the southern alaska united states, so yiliqafikc is likely living in a less hot condition than svx.
kfcqni is living in Zambia, dcgjgzzjnpr is living in the southern alaska united states, so dcgjgzzjnpr is likely living in a less hot condition than kfcqni.
klscsvle is living in Zambia, irwcr is living in the southern alaska united states, so irwcr is likely living in a less hot condition than klscsvle.
ieffxn is living in zambia, znqozu is living in the southern alaska united states, so ieffxn is not living in a less hot condition than znqozu
gnqxogj is living in zambia, mhixs is living in the southern alaska united states, so gnqxogj is not living in a less hot condition than mhixs
nenphti is living in zambia, bltxy is living in the southern alaska united states, so nenphti is not living in a less hot condition than bltxy
gpet is living in zambia, rbk is living in the southern alaska united states, so gpet is not living in a less hot condition than rbk
qhcukz is living in zambia, udsjsiyvsbqq is living in the southern alaska united states, so qhcukz is not living in a less hot condition than udsjsiyvsbqq
tit is living in Zambia, byhobph is living in the southern alaska united states, so byhobph is not living in a hotter condition than tit.
vhc is living in Zambia, irs is living in the southern alaska united states, so irs is not living in a hotter condition than vhc.
waokndzx is living in Zambia, ugwecze is living in the southern alaska united states, so ugwecze is not living in a hotter condition than waokndzx.
wxmlhnhb is living in Zambia, ullvc is living in the southern alaska united states, so ullvc is not living in a hotter condition than wxmlhnhb.
xgktx is living in Zambia, vgnxldmxx is living in the southern alaska united states, so vgnxldmxx is not living in a hotter condition than xgktx.
uowap is living in the south pole, pmadgx is living in the peru, so uowap is likely living in a colder condition than pmadgx.
towzkcgy is living in the south pole, gqunzlqvahxe is living in the peru, so towzkcgy is likely living in a colder condition than gqunzlqvahxe.
unhibawlql is living in the south pole, xvhgnuq is living in the peru, so unhibawlql is likely living in a colder condition than xvhgnuq.
oenvhputdz is living in the south pole, wezunavhjj is living in the peru, so oenvhputdz is likely living in a colder condition than wezunavhjj.
vhsoxizrpkdx is living in the south pole, cclkrs is living in the peru, so vhsoxizrpkdx is likely living in a colder condition than cclkrs.
afqkti is living in the south pole, mkqhzygptvfr is living in the peru, so mkqhzygptvfr is likely living in a less cold condition than afqkti.
yalagy is living in the south pole, wlmpca is living in the peru, so wlmpca is likely living in a less cold condition than yalagy.
bfaxraar is living in the south pole, gen is living in the peru, so gen is likely living in a less cold condition than bfaxraar.
cxu is living in the south pole, nlppejsnu is living in the peru, so nlppejsnu is likely living in a less cold condition than cxu.
yitihkikyp is living in the south pole, csuauy is living in the peru, so csuauy is likely living in a less cold condition than yitihkikyp.
gksdqdpamgf is living in the south pole, xtjknsaibln is living in the peru, so gksdqdpamgf is not living in a less cold condition than xtjknsaibln.
rejgvxcjsyt is living in the south pole, yjgesnzozgjd is living in the peru, so rejgvxcjsyt is not living in a less cold condition than yjgesnzozgjd.
xisjvj is living in the south pole, ojkadm is living in the peru, so xisjvj is not living in a less cold condition than ojkadm.
tfhp is living in the south pole, zdfpycpuz is living in the peru, so tfhp is not living in a less cold condition than zdfpycpuz.
mpbwkq is living in the south pole, zdamxozgph is living in the peru, so mpbwkq is not living in a less cold condition than zdamxozgph.
beexendzx is living in the south pole, uwjhsnurraxg is living in the peru, so uwjhsnurraxg is not living in a colder condition than beexendzx.
kibhxgf is living in the south pole, gczw is living in the peru, so gczw is not living in a colder condition than kibhxgf.
qrnahbvmel is living in the south pole, allobqgwfi is living in the peru, so allobqgwfi is not living in a colder condition than qrnahbvmel.
kigbol is living in the south pole, vpa is living in the peru, so vpa is not living in a colder condition than kigbol.
ikxbpyvi is living in the south pole, liwomu is living in the peru, so liwomu is not living in a colder condition than ikxbpyvi.
vtqtwjrnkbz is living in guatemala, jhi is living in helsinki, so vtqtwjrnkbz is likely living in a hotter condition than jhi.
ufamdki is living in guatemala, lks is living in helsinki, so ufamdki is likely living in a hotter condition than lks.
lqh is living in guatemala, dzryznuqf is living in helsinki, so lqh is likely living in a hotter condition than dzryznuqf.
cqzmfcdukchn is living in guatemala, rxwcmwidsg is living in helsinki, so cqzmfcdukchn is likely living in a hotter condition than rxwcmwidsg.
nudkhtfct is living in guatemala, momzjlkuqe is living in helsinki, so nudkhtfct is likely living in a hotter condition than momzjlkuqe.
hmxjzoxdl is living in guatemala, ugvu is living in helsinki, so ugvu is likely living in a less hot condition than hmxjzoxdl.
zhkz is living in guatemala, xbenn is living in helsinki, so xbenn is likely living in a less hot condition than zhkz.
ywxkbogsvny is living in guatemala, qqf is living in helsinki, so qqf is likely living in a less hot condition than ywxkbogsvny.
okmkudjqchsd is living in guatemala, fklgmdz is living in helsinki, so fklgmdz is likely living in a less hot condition than okmkudjqchsd.
jojkqzc is living in guatemala, ojx is living in helsinki, so ojx is likely living in a less hot condition than jojkqzc.
cmsnj is living in guatemala, tstkdxi is living in helsinki, so cmsnj is not living in a less hot condition than tstkdxi
uyxkvdfhwdg is living in guatemala, ovniawtwj is living in helsinki, so uyxkvdfhwdg is not living in a less hot condition than ovniawtwj
hqkpykrop is living in guatemala, aqsmrj is living in helsinki, so hqkpykrop is not living in a less hot condition than aqsmrj
phwbuot is living in guatemala, pakozwpsn is living in helsinki, so phwbuot is not living in a less hot condition than pakozwpsn
lzokbuelkx is living in guatemala, pjhfyarxoi is living in helsinki, so lzokbuelkx is not living in a less hot condition than pjhfyarxoi
mzbo is living in guatemala, lfmowjv is living in helsinki, so lfmowjv is not living in a hotter condition than mzbo
kcc is living in guatemala, ajptetfdsk is living in helsinki, so ajptetfdsk is not living in a hotter condition than kcc
szvuuekkkrz is living in guatemala, tmcydlvkgtdg is living in helsinki, so tmcydlvkgtdg is not living in a hotter condition than szvuuekkkrz
fmifboh is living in guatemala, ovwkbokgxclk is living in helsinki, so ovwkbokgxclk is not living in a hotter condition than fmifboh
paymwihp is living in guatemala, wlvcttt is living in helsinki, so wlvcttt is not living in a hotter condition than paymwihp
kotoo is living in the north pole, tuwqhp is living in thailand, so kotoo is likely living in a colder condition than tuwqhp.
nsusimlbnv is living in the north pole, fkpeejfe is living in thailand, so nsusimlbnv is likely living in a colder condition than fkpeejfe.
doazotke is living in the north pole, raiqt is living in thailand, so doazotke is likely living in a colder condition than raiqt.
nottoliy is living in the north pole, swbciccep is living in thailand, so nottoliy is likely living in a colder condition than swbciccep.
umrbeyplhonz is living in the north pole, mzianmtezoq is living in thailand, so umrbeyplhonz is likely living in a colder condition than mzianmtezoq.
arywspjci is living in the north pole, vonlrke is living in thailand, so vonlrke is likely living in a less cold condition than arywspjci.
xiyev is living in the north pole, uercioum is living in thailand, so uercioum is likely living in a less cold condition than xiyev.
popfmmxrf is living in the north pole, evwnb is living in thailand, so evwnb is likely living in a less cold condition than popfmmxrf.
wwmikxqngagw is living in the north pole, gjqj is living in thailand, so gjqj is likely living in a less cold condition than wwmikxqngagw.
yefqogpw is living in the north pole, javtaiwg is living in thailand, so javtaiwg is likely living in a less cold condition than yefqogpw.
rqcuqduukoja is living in the north pole, bkmvxuwsc is living in thailand, so rqcuqduukoja is not living in a less cold condition than bkmvxuwsc.
efo is living in the north pole, rja is living in thailand, so efo is not living in a less cold condition than rja.
teiuffack is living in the north pole, vasqfvt is living in thailand, so teiuffack is not living in a less cold condition than vasqfvt.
hnifp is living in the north pole, fhqtnyu is living in thailand, so hnifp is not living in a less cold condition than fhqtnyu.
xyxntots is living in the north pole, mzz is living in thailand, so xyxntots is not living in a less cold condition than mzz.
zygfxalknkri is living in the north pole, xyraiawqjrz is living in the thailand, so xyraiawqjrz is not living in a colder condition than zygfxalknkri.
llhabxhdhy is living in the north pole, haitfkqjgexj is living in the thailand, so haitfkqjgexj is not living in a colder condition than llhabxhdhy.
erfrn is living in the north pole, exdunswovyuw is living in the thailand, so exdunswovyuw is not living in a colder condition than erfrn.
pocypgvzfhx is living in the north pole, nyjatqxrfrfb is living in the thailand, so nyjatqxrfrfb is not living in a colder condition than pocypgvzfhx.
qddgen is living in the north pole, piomumuqci is living in the thailand, so piomumuqci is not living in a colder condition than qddgen.
mkmj is living in uganda, mnkbsex is living in the southern alaska united states, so mkmj is likely living in a hotter condition than mnkbsex.
xxais is living in uganda, czap is living in the southern alaska united states, so xxais is likely living in a hotter condition than czap.
bzcivpa is living in uganda, vxxxmlfcicty is living in the southern alaska united states, so bzcivpa is likely living in a hotter condition than vxxxmlfcicty.
btuutblsbq is living in uganda, lglewclgdw is living in the southern alaska united states, so btuutblsbq is likely living in a hotter condition than lglewclgdw.
rpdptqycnz is living in uganda, ydnmpd is living in the southern alaska united states, so rpdptqycnz is likely living in a hotter condition than ydnmpd.
zqpzhyamjogt is living in uganda, drnedfdok is living in the southern alaska united states, so drnedfdok is likely living in a less hot condition than zqpzhyamjogt.
ztfeiqn is living in uganda, rjlsnrnmsi is living in the southern alaska united states, so rjlsnrnmsi is likely living in a less hot condition than ztfeiqn.
fguyawd is living in uganda, ymqbug is living in the southern alaska united states, so ymqbug is likely living in a less hot condition than fguyawd.
vigtzlskp is living in uganda, knqannkvi is living in the southern alaska united states, so knqannkvi is likely living in a less hot condition than vigtzlskp.
ydnel is living in uganda, vsrbikff is living in the southern alaska united states, so vsrbikff is likely living in a less hot condition than ydnel.
wxfycg is living in uganda, xbuv is living in the southern alaska united states, so wxfycg is not living in a less hot condition than xbuv.
oynubzshuzf is living in uganda, konefcfmkt is living in the southern alaska united states, so oynubzshuzf is not living in a less hot condition than konefcfmkt.
miowjswjijh is living in uganda, ebrxk is living in the southern alaska united states, so miowjswjijh is not living in a less hot condition than ebrxk.
ppgzqefkd is living in uganda, kryrcz is living in the southern alaska united states, so ppgzqefkd is not living in a less hot condition than kryrcz.
ynlwizuoqxzs is living in uganda, aijanhddv is living in the southern alaska united states, so ynlwizuoqxzs is not living in a less hot condition than aijanhddv.
mqkgj is living in Uganda, badlak is living in the southern alaska united states, so badlak is not living in a hotter condition than mqkgj.
plyhjhsslfn is living in Uganda, oinimgnjzm is living in the southern alaska united states, so oinimgnjzm is not living in a hotter condition than plyhjhsslfn.
urtp is living in Uganda, pxxwa is living in the southern alaska united states, so pxxwa is not living in a hotter condition than urtp.
hoxe is living in Uganda, ehovkbbclkky is living in the southern alaska united states, so ehovkbbclkky is not living in a hotter condition than hoxe.
snmp is living in Uganda, wrganu is living in the southern alaska united states, so wrganu is not living in a hotter condition than snmp.
gyqd is living in madagascar, ella is living in helsinki, so gyqd is likely living in a hotter condition than ella.
afaymqqk is living in madagascar, srblqek is living in helsinki, so afaymqqk is likely living in a hotter condition than srblqek.
zjpjvfobd is living in madagascar, gqnqef is living in helsinki, so zjpjvfobd is likely living in a hotter condition than gqnqef.
oyprcvc is living in madagascar, wkbrohxofmoy is living in helsinki, so oyprcvc is likely living in a hotter condition than wkbrohxofmoy.
rgonejbbek is living in madagascar, xgpzaovgo is living in helsinki, so rgonejbbek is likely living in a hotter condition than xgpzaovgo.
dbzmjvru is living in madagascar, kbn is living in helsinki, so kbn is likely living in a less hot condition than dbzmjvru.
vpcwgrtdhsvz is living in madagascar, rkzngaot is living in helsinki, so rkzngaot is likely living in a less hot condition than vpcwgrtdhsvz.
qhgh is living in madagascar, zuivcimw is living in helsinki, so zuivcimw is likely living in a less hot condition than qhgh.
bwb is living in madagascar, edfpzkvihvcv is living in helsinki, so edfpzkvihvcv is likely living in a less hot condition than bwb.
yguugl is living in madagascar, hcmymmlnsop is living in helsinki, so hcmymmlnsop is likely living in a less hot condition than yguugl.
skgrprdv is living in madagascar, vrhvc is living in helsinki, so skgrprdv is not living in a less hot condition than vrhvc
aakoezgvn is living in madagascar, nnnedzkheqp is living in helsinki, so aakoezgvn is not living in a less hot condition than nnnedzkheqp
bim is living in madagascar, wpdem is living in helsinki, so bim is not living in a less hot condition than wpdem
sbu is living in madagascar, mkclj is living in helsinki, so sbu is not living in a less hot condition than mkclj
gajzunreig is living in madagascar, signmfpxvkds is living in helsinki, so gajzunreig is not living in a less hot condition than signmfpxvkds
aqyacg is living in madagascar, srbwtafhd is living in helsinki, so srbwtafhd is not living in a hotter condition than aqyacg.
xrutfd is living in madagascar, dgk is living in helsinki, so dgk is not living in a hotter condition than xrutfd.
uczyizeewa is living in madagascar, drivymfb is living in helsinki, so drivymfb is not living in a hotter condition than uczyizeewa.
yaoc is living in madagascar, faadzabm is living in helsinki, so faadzabm is not living in a hotter condition than yaoc.
oyaxac is living in madagascar, fpouzk is living in helsinki, so fpouzk is not living in a hotter condition than oyaxac.
lpjqjcarze is living in the southern alaska united states, vmckp is living in the uganda, so lpjqjcarze is likely living in a colder condition than vmckp.
qbv is living in the southern alaska united states, jxzbljvl is living in the uganda, so qbv is likely living in a colder condition than jxzbljvl.
xonikc is living in the southern alaska united states, fdfvzpudrvg is living in the uganda, so xonikc is likely living in a colder condition than fdfvzpudrvg.
dwuidwua is living in the southern alaska united states, kgxhba is living in the uganda, so dwuidwua is likely living in a colder condition than kgxhba.
kantkhpae is living in the southern alaska united states, zlzac is living in the uganda, so kantkhpae is likely living in a colder condition than zlzac.
feuooecginy is living in the southern alaska united states, vbtw is living in uganda, so vbtw is likely living in a less cold condition than feuooecginy.
nuhhqtqvf is living in the southern alaska united states, mxdba is living in uganda, so mxdba is likely living in a less cold condition than nuhhqtqvf.
rye is living in the southern alaska united states, alqsaxxhbhcz is living in uganda, so alqsaxxhbhcz is likely living in a less cold condition than rye.
dlvvswx is living in the southern alaska united states, erpcwr is living in uganda, so erpcwr is likely living in a less cold condition than dlvvswx.
ojk is living in the southern alaska united states, ktfy is living in uganda, so ktfy is likely living in a less cold condition than ojk.
uxtllph is living in the southern alaska united states, sxquafmmbcvo is living in the uganda, so uxtllph is not living in a less cold condition than sxquafmmbcvo
fsfpry is living in the southern alaska united states, wmqqrndpnb is living in the uganda, so fsfpry is not living in a less cold condition than wmqqrndpnb
hbn is living in the southern alaska united states, scssxf is living in the uganda, so hbn is not living in a less cold condition than scssxf
nphexumjyyy is living in the southern alaska united states, gtuwaitzkfou is living in the uganda, so nphexumjyyy is not living in a less cold condition than gtuwaitzkfou
lxeurypfh is living in the southern alaska united states, kkfulblhy is living in the uganda, so lxeurypfh is not living in a less cold condition than kkfulblhy
umfucb is living in the southern alaska united states, jmcshb is living in uganda, so jmcshb is not living in a colder condition than umfucb.
azrlhvd is living in the southern alaska united states, dzsgnwus is living in uganda, so dzsgnwus is not living in a colder condition than azrlhvd.
wnqqpdcmj is living in the southern alaska united states, hmm is living in uganda, so hmm is not living in a colder condition than wnqqpdcmj.
zzfbrci is living in the southern alaska united states, tnlg is living in uganda, so tnlg is not living in a colder condition than zzfbrci.
iovxwhq is living in the southern alaska united states, qwwqw is living in uganda, so qwwqw is not living in a colder condition than iovxwhq.
oyaenoe is living in helsinki, finland, so oyaenoe is likely living in a colder condition than ddmnn
auwktki is living in helsinki, finland, so auwktki is likely living in a colder condition than eqbko
mxpyvuzbfv is living in helsinki, finland, so mxpyvuzbfv is likely living in a colder condition than zhsnj
zytqmprzo is living in helsinki, finland, so zytqmprzo is likely living in a colder condition than nvcdyy
ajefpi is living in helsinki, finland, so ajefpi is likely living in a colder condition than wdmlur
lelkmluop is living in helsinki, finland, so nycciyim is likely living in mali, so nycciyim is likely living in a less cold condition than lelkmluop
zhsmlob is living in helsinki, finland, so zhabdfkyjzu is likely living in mali, so zhabdfkyjzu is likely living in a less cold condition than zhsmlob
gzoxtcbr is living in helsinki, finland, so xvyv is likely living in mali, so xvyv is likely living in a less cold condition than gzoxtcbr
vgqxi is living in helsinki, finland, so unfzrs is likely living in mali, so unfzrs is likely living in a less cold condition than vgqxi
dgznvqrfphws is living in helsinki, finland, so btmapycj is likely living in mali, so btmapycj is likely living in a less cold condition than dgznvqrfphws
kfsmizxk is living in helsinki, finland, so kfsmizxk is not living in a less cold condition than nqx
lht is living in helsinki, finland, so lht is not living in a less cold condition than pvfraj
narcdqadpk is living in helsinki, finland, so narcdqadpk is not living in a less cold condition than cespqyi
vvmasxx is living in helsinki, finland, so vvmasxx is not living in a less cold condition than dsihmkk
zvzfzyutsma is living in helsinki, finland, so zvzfzyutsma is not living in a less cold condition than msi
caohwccylztr is living in helsinki, finland, so onkwaru is not living in a colder condition than caohwccylztr
waoq is living in helsinki, finland, so xvlfkrn is not living in a colder condition than waoq
chnkw is living in helsinki, finland, so vwvap is not living in a colder condition than chnkw
vfgffh is living in helsinki, finland, so abcguqodooi is not living in a colder condition than vfgffh
ewjgvcdlz is living in helsinki, finland, so kzgcfffbdtqj is not living in a colder condition than ewjgvcdlz
zctfihgedve is living in greenland, ucw is living in zambia, so zctfihgedve is likely living in a colder condition than ucw.
kdwtxlmoyuwt is living in greenland, lxviacntwizl is living in zambia, so kdwtxlmoyuwt is likely living in a colder condition than lxviacntwizl.
twbwf is living in greenland, rklsbpug is living in zambia, so twbwf is likely living in a colder condition than rklsbpug.
lwvw is living in greenland, agwy is living in zambia, so lwvw is likely living in a colder condition than agwy.
bxuwbyv is living in greenland, yzrtzbuajui is living in zambia, so bxuwbyv is likely living in a colder condition than yzrtzbuajui.
uxw is living in greenland, ulwdbzt is living in zambia, so ulwdbzt is likely living in a less cold condition than uxw.
zpuhqipnn is living in greenland, jaujvh is living in zambia, so jaujvh is likely living in a less cold condition than zpuhqipnn.
zihrn is living in greenland, ftrgtgl is living in zambia, so ftrgtgl is likely living in a less cold condition than zihrn.
tlatybiacv is living in greenland, oarhnobag is living in zambia, so oarhnobag is likely living in a less cold condition than tlatybiacv.
tcmnuujhfu is living in greenland, dsfn is living in zambia, so dsfn is likely living in a less cold condition than tcmnuujhfu.
tvckydvsb is living in greenland, irna is living in zambia, so tvckydvsb is not living in a less cold condition than irna
cugmxjpcfzu is living in greenland, ngyahqgdkv is living in zambia, so cugmxjpcfzu is not living in a less cold condition than ngyahqgdkv
ybzu is living in greenland, lqflq is living in zambia, so ybzu is not living in a less cold condition than lqflq
vsjgg is living in greenland, smyxhfn is living in zambia, so vsjgg is not living in a less cold condition than smyxhfn
uoxqqxm is living in greenland, vowr is living in zambia, so uoxqqxm is not living in a less cold condition than vowr
ppiayjo is living in greenland, ztlbdfwwd is living in zambia, so ztlbdfwwd is not living in a colder condition than ppiayjo.
hvvotrhohjs is living in greenland, vfeivergpv is living in zambia, so vfeivergpv is not living in a colder condition than hvvotrhohjs.
jblyaijtvir is living in greenland, rny is living in zambia, so rny is not living in a colder condition than jblyaijtvir.
cxme is living in greenland, wpb is living in zambia, so wpb is not living in a colder condition than cxme.
rpynuq is living in greenland, zhgnvkzigk is living in zambia, so zhgnvkzigk is not living in a colder condition than rpynuq.
vfxyoaaze is living in myanmar, jzgyfig is living in jzgyfig, so vfxyoaaze is likely living in a hotter condition than jzgyfig.
vjqviijipbyx is living in myanmar, plffsxgckp is living in plffsxgckp, so vjqviijipbyx is likely living in a hotter condition than plffsxgckp.
gagjgb is living in myanmar, rnnbmt is living in rnnbmt, so gagjgb is likely living in a hotter condition than rnnbmt.
blsqhpe is living in myanmar, tlagn is living in tlagn, so blsqhpe is likely living in a hotter condition than tlagn.
lxpcneh is living in myanmar, grz is living in grz, so lxpcneh is likely living in a hotter condition than grz.
ilxeycim is living in myanmar, bpgilw is living in bpgilw, so bpgilw is likely living in a less hot condition than ilxeycim.
mdes is living in myanmar, nyootazyeb is living in nyootazyeb, so nyootazyeb is likely living in a less hot condition than mdes.
lvoefmmyq is living in myanmar, badfggfd is living in badfggfd, so badfggfd is likely living in a less hot condition than lvoefmmyq.
czmngzntjc is living in myanmar, vpcsbvdggxgo is living in vpcsbvdggxgo, so vpcsbvdggxgo is likely living in a less hot condition than czmngzntjc.
thpzerv is living in myanmar, vkhuh is living in vkhuh, so vkhuh is likely living in a less hot condition than thpzerv.
rskilukz is living in myanmar, lkdyww is living in lkdyww, so rskilukz is not living in a more hot condition than lkdyww
naof is living in myanmar, tgpntjfl is living in tgpntjfl, so naof is not living in a more hot condition than tgpntjfl
obisgfflnk is living in myanmar, xklupnjekea is living in xklupnjekea, so obisgfflnk is not living in a more hot condition than xklupnjekea
oodccbpcteg is living in myanmar, eoramblha is living in eoramblha, so oodccbpcteg is not living in a more hot condition than eoramblha
ayhjyso is living in myanmar, fdpoypkkkia is living in fdpoypkkkia, so ayhjyso is not living in a more hot condition than fdpoypkkkia
xvdqk is living in myanmar, ffcfjut is living in Burma, so ffcfjut is not living in a hotter condition than xvdqk.
vjfeytqytoar is living in myanmar, egzmpawzaycd is living in Burma, so egzmpawzaycd is not living in a hotter condition than vjfeytqytoar.
jzr is living in myanmar, tuxikpcqxrv is living in Burma, so tuxikpcqxrv is not living in a hotter condition than jzr.
rcqqbfeg is living in myanmar, jwsueng is living in Burma, so jwsueng is not living in a hotter condition than rcqqbfeg.
oqkfnpfbr is living in myanmar, divbpkyrpv is living in Burma, so divbpkyrpv is not living in a hotter condition than oqkfnpfbr.
fbyjso is living inStockholm, Sweden, jsslmypbux is living in northern australia, so fbyjso is likely living in a colder condition than jsslmypbux.
onrqjncf is living inStockholm, Sweden, qrursarjih is living in northern australia, so onrqjncf is likely living in a colder condition than qrursarjih.
vglifjtknz is living inStockholm, Sweden, urxtg is living in northern australia, so vglifjtknz is likely living in a colder condition than urxtg.
dqhuybvqge is living inStockholm, Sweden, xztnq is living in northern australia, so dqhuybvqge is likely living in a colder condition than xztnq.
shrjg is living inStockholm, Sweden, rtncgdwco is living in northern australia, so shrjg is likely living in a colder condition than rtncgdwco.
jkqtjlbgbh is living inStockholm, Sweden, sylojqgk is living in northern australia, so sylojqgk is likely living in a less cold condition than jkqtjlbgbh.
mzxq is living inStockholm, Sweden, uejjvtpnrnoq is living in northern australia, so uejjvtpnrnoq is likely living in a less cold condition than mzxq.
kuiywjxgcs is living inStockholm, Sweden, xafpypbd is living in northern australia, so xafpypbd is likely living in a less cold condition than kuiywjxgcs.
yfdpnr is living inStockholm, Sweden, xsviuj is living in northern australia, so xsviuj is likely living in a less cold condition than yfdpnr.
shghddomfdj is living inStockholm, Sweden, fkfydwxkpmmv is living in northern australia, so fkfydwxkpmmv is likely living in a less cold condition than shghddomfdj.
cydtlchsbjwx is living in Sweden, yvokylplz is living in northern australia, so cydtlchsbjwx is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than yvokylplz
seta is living in Sweden, boomhhxnq is living in northern australia, so seta is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than boomhhxnq
psypetl is living in Sweden, aazvhuiagoj is living in northern australia, so psypetl is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than aazvhuiagoj
ttri is living in Sweden, cevm is living in northern australia, so ttri is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than cevm
ycbclow is living in Sweden, wxmke is living in northern australia, so ycbclow is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than wxmke
bpyaucpfsp is living inStockholm, Sweden, wwmxxcgva is living in northern australia, so wwmxxcgva is not living in a colder condition than bpyaucpfsp
uhaqzvmikv is living inStockholm, Sweden, ywtlghlwugdt is living in northern australia, so ywtlghlwugdt is not living in a colder condition than uhaqzvmikv
txssq is living inStockholm, Sweden, kkaeqgw is living in northern australia, so kkaeqgw is not living in a colder condition than txssq
mydy is living inStockholm, Sweden, dilv is living in northern australia, so dilv is not living in a colder condition than mydy
uuuvej is living inStockholm, Sweden, hwqmggzfo is living in northern australia, so hwqmggzfo is not living in a colder condition than uuuvej
wpeanmuivn is living in the southern alaska united states, lynverbb is living in thailand, so wpeanmuivn is likely living in a colder condition than lynverbb.
ougsuumzxz is living in the southern alaska united states, mdlhacccgt is living in thailand, so ougsuumzxz is likely living in a colder condition than mdlhacccgt.
hycntnhprrdr is living in the southern alaska united states, aegm is living in thailand, so hycntnhprrdr is likely living in a colder condition than aegm.
cuizzgidgdnu is living in the southern alaska united states, nrypqyochnj is living in thailand, so cuizzgidgdnu is likely living in a colder condition than nrypqyochnj.
ozyqttnhax is living in the southern alaska united states, feal is living in thailand, so ozyqttnhax is likely living in a colder condition than feal.
vzife is living in the southern alaska united states, aryjzwogn is living in thailand, so aryjzwogn is likely living in a more cold condition than vzife.
otvguobiddr is living in the southern alaska united states, obcjlckjhze is living in thailand, so obcjlckjhze is likely living in a more cold condition than otvguobiddr.
wsez is living in the southern alaska united states, srb is living in thailand, so srb is likely living in a more cold condition than wsez.
ojsir is living in the southern alaska united states, rdhbb is living in thailand, so rdhbb is likely living in a more cold condition than ojsir.
rszhxjeiiiek is living in the southern alaska united states, rfjoxcklziz is living in thailand, so rfjoxcklziz is likely living in a more cold condition than rszhxjeiiiek.
tjd is living in the southern alaska united states, zzemraesmbj is living in thailand, so tjd is not living in a less cold condition than zzemraesmbj
ddzvvod is living in the southern alaska united states, gfqyvemdylz is living in thailand, so ddzvvod is not living in a less cold condition than gfqyvemdylz
mmtpx is living in the southern alaska united states, oucgr is living in thailand, so mmtpx is not living in a less cold condition than oucgr
rtcawstokl is living in the southern alaska united states, dtvfdir is living in thailand, so rtcawstokl is not living in a less cold condition than dtvfdir
gpxnitffc is living in the southern alaska united states, kivqfoogcx is living in thailand, so gpxnitffc is not living in a less cold condition than kivqfoogcx
pcng is living in southern alaska, voawhkxuo is living in thailand, so voawhkxuo is not living in a colder condition than pcng.
kycaoobjbotn is living in southern alaska, auijtqjymemb is living in thailand, so auijtqjymemb is not living in a colder condition than kycaoobjbotn.
xhyhp is living in southern alaska, mtwvxorjhi is living in thailand, so mtwvxorjhi is not living in a colder condition than xhyhp.
tfppnpdvzvu is living in southern alaska, pznxwlnus is living in thailand, so pznxwlnus is not living in a colder condition than tfppnpdvzvu.
gwylouyc is living in southern alaska, yapnq is living in thailand, so yapnq is not living in a colder condition than gwylouyc.
jhsbhf is living in the antarctica, flbxrdggdwzy is living in the red sea, so jhsbhf is likely living in a colder condition than flbxrdggdwzy.
dkmmkg is living in the antarctica, evsdyqgauf is living in the red sea, so dkmmkg is likely living in a colder condition than evsdyqgauf.
fwxadckmi is living in the antarctica, wmzookzj is living in the red sea, so fwxadckmi is likely living in a colder condition than wmzookzj.
emnycexaoch is living in the antarctica, htlrz is living in the red sea, so emnycexaoch is likely living in a colder condition than htlrz.
tliddfnit is living in the antarctica, bolnbyn is living in the red sea, so tliddfnit is likely living in a colder condition than bolnbyn.
jymdbixdhs is living in the antarctica, llohpbcwq is living in the red sea, so llohpbcwq is likely living in a less cold condition than jymdbixdhs.
kowutwyi is living in the antarctica, gomgfuvbbf is living in the red sea, so gomgfuvbbf is likely living in a less cold condition than kowutwyi.
sifygpvegp is living in the antarctica, akwxsy is living in the red sea, so akwxsy is likely living in a less cold condition than sifygpvegp.
lyzp is living in the antarctica, wujxonet is living in the red sea, so wujxonet is likely living in a less cold condition than lyzp.
ldqkcsevm is living in the antarctica, wzqjzcfo is living in the red sea, so wzqjzcfo is likely living in a less cold condition than ldqkcsevm.
pwgvq is living in the antarctica, znqjxgyqn is living in the red sea, so pwgvq is not living in a less cold condition than znqjxgyqn
turnpfer is living in the antarctica, jidipjcd is living in the red sea, so turnpfer is not living in a less cold condition than jidipjcd
woidyajljyck is living in the antarctica, hcoivevs is living in the red sea, so woidyajljyck is not living in a less cold condition than hcoivevs
lwbsiqztp is living in the antarctica, xok is living in the red sea, so lwbsiqztp is not living in a less cold condition than xok
iavxvl is living in the antarctica, yguonn is living in the red sea, so iavxvl is not living in a less cold condition than yguonn
lmkknij is living in the antarctica, nuqn is living in the red sea, so nuqn is not living in a colder condition than lmkknij.
qouefomsi is living in the antarctica, rtyuxfjsa is living in the red sea, so rtyuxfjsa is not living in a colder condition than qouefomsi.
fuv is living in the antarctica, nymhziml is living in the red sea, so nymhziml is not living in a colder condition than fuv.
trazlbdioyvu is living in the antarctica, gshlkrbxsd is living in the red sea, so gshlkrbxsd is not living in a colder condition than trazlbdioyvu.
auirgxz is living in the antarctica, opzzqjl is living in the red sea, so opzzqjl is not living in a colder condition than auirgxz.
obhr is living in the Nordic countries, qcouau is living in malaysia, so obhr is likely living in a colder condition than qcouau.
lhhtlljemhf is living in the Nordic countries, uzirhr is living in malaysia, so lhhtlljemhf is likely living in a colder condition than uzirhr.
nolxtozbbfqr is living in the Nordic countries, ibixqxc is living in malaysia, so nolxtozbbfqr is likely living in a colder condition than ibixqxc.
adgytkdu is living in the Nordic countries, oxkv is living in malaysia, so adgytkdu is likely living in a colder condition than oxkv.
trkipf is living in the Nordic countries, rfdfiycid is living in malaysia, so trkipf is likely living in a colder condition than rfdfiycid.
whbgv is living in the major parts of the nordic countries, svvtfjpv is living in malaysia, so svvtfjpv is likely living in a less cold condition than whbgv.
gbny is living in the major parts of the nordic countries, nlcp is living in malaysia, so nlcp is likely living in a less cold condition than gbny.
kffutg is living in the major parts of the nordic countries, ffiqylqia is living in malaysia, so ffiqylqia is likely living in a less cold condition than kffutg.
qjzez is living in the major parts of the nordic countries, hllagkrq is living in malaysia, so hllagkrq is likely living in a less cold condition than qjzez.
ireoqp is living in the major parts of the nordic countries, cmcpjllvg is living in malaysia, so cmcpjllvg is likely living in a less cold condition than ireoqp.
uiirdhrkworm is living in the Nordic countries, inzwx is living in malaysia, so uiirdhrkworm is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than inzwx
hdg is living in the Nordic countries, dsvl is living in malaysia, so hdg is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than dsvl
jegeiyfqle is living in the Nordic countries, itprigo is living in malaysia, so jegeiyfqle is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than itprigo
kic is living in the Nordic countries, sezqsdalvbbe is living in malaysia, so kic is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than sezqsdalvbbe
cnhwqvnne is living in the Nordic countries, pmtrwugj is living in malaysia, so cnhwqvnne is not less likely to be living in a cold condition than pmtrwugj
aellpnnmetds is living in the Nordic countries, nbexjm is living in malaysia, so nbexjm is not likely living in a colder condition than aellpnnmetds.
bfpy is living in the Nordic countries, wmdeakyeadna is living in malaysia, so wmdeakyeadna is not likely living in a colder condition than bfpy.
fier is living in the Nordic countries, ehvotcuqxp is living in malaysia, so ehvotcuqxp is not likely living in a colder condition than fier.
benjuijf is living in the Nordic countries, yoz is living in malaysia, so yoz is not likely living in a colder condition than benjuijf.
mifnq is living in the Nordic countries, pxaludyfg is living in malaysia, so pxaludyfg is not likely living in a colder condition than mifnq.
orgazmzyeml is living in southern mexico, jfm is living in the south pole, so orgazmzyeml is likely living in a hotter condition than jfm.
bechkhxiwg is living in southern mexico, sithyqmfvol is living in the south pole, so bechkhxiwg is likely living in a hotter condition than sithyqmfvol.
mryjm is living in southern mexico, yrcwloitghdh is living in the south pole, so mryjm is likely living in a hotter condition than yrcwloitghdh.
xcjjyovep is living in southern mexico, ttcvjidf is living in the south pole, so xcjjyovep is likely living in a hotter condition than ttcvjidf.
yrtkpojaghm is living in southern mexico, bgk is living in the south pole, so yrtkpojaghm is likely living in a hotter condition than bgk.
dtizkcn is living in southern mexico, ikra is living in the south pole, so ikra is likely living in a less hot condition than dtizkcn.
uvnhbmfk is living in southern mexico, vttkct is living in the south pole, so vttkct is likely living in a less hot condition than uvnhbmfk.
ezghwwndvfcv is living in southern mexico, rxtifi is living in the south pole, so rxtifi is likely living in a less hot condition than ezghwwndvfcv.
wxemjvosq is living in southern mexico, locj is living in the south pole, so locj is likely living in a less hot condition than wxemjvosq.
wxpgbm is living in southern mexico, jvizuhb is living in the south pole, so jvizuhb is likely living in a less hot condition than wxpgbm.
ycxzheepoqn is living in southern mexico, vkfpvkgzrail is living in the south pole, so ycxzheepoqn is not living in a less hot condition than vkfpvkgzrail.
qkplshxa is living in southern mexico, oudxqrnl is living in the south pole, so qkplshxa is not living in a less hot condition than oudxqrnl.
wpvfptxrjo is living in southern mexico, nwjzkqfsqrb is living in the south pole, so wpvfptxrjo is not living in a less hot condition than nwjzkqfsqrb.
dngthsqd is living in southern mexico, hcdv is living in the south pole, so dngthsqd is not living in a less hot condition than hcdv.
unrsxnzsaez is living in southern mexico, gsvcm is living in the south pole, so unrsxnzsaez is not living in a less hot condition than gsvcm.
ohzbqrecq is living in southern mexico, dnpn is living in the south pole, so dnpn is not living in a hotter condition than ohzbqrecq.
tjbifeynse is living in southern mexico, zbwbbzrkmqh is living in the south pole, so zbwbbzrkmqh is not living in a hotter condition than tjbifeynse.
wfrkbzdtrye is living in southern mexico, flhtjqhw is living in the south pole, so flhtjqhw is not living in a hotter condition than wfrkbzdtrye.
oavoqnjj is living in southern mexico, xrhvnx is living in the south pole, so xrhvnx is not living in a hotter condition than oavoqnjj.
vpkxlx is living in southern mexico, pvnkmhopaukp is living in the south pole, so pvnkmhopaukp is not living in a hotter condition than vpkxlx.
fsg is living in guatemala, aejpvbz is living in the dome c, so fsg is likely living in a hotter condition than aejpvbz.
zbafazogl is living in guatemala, bzwiwglmae is living in the dome c, so zbafazogl is likely living in a hotter condition than bzwiwglmae.
vea is living in guatemala, yaggbgbh is living in the dome c, so vea is likely living in a hotter condition than yaggbgbh.
cxgoyobosqmq is living in guatemala, urvcywgisxky is living in the dome c, so cxgoyobosqmq is likely living in a hotter condition than urvcywgisxky.
nfzewtgodyc is living in guatemala, bzrbvmvob is living in the dome c, so nfzewtgodyc is likely living in a hotter condition than bzrbvmvob.
azf is living in guatemala, ynbayv is living in the dome, so ynbayv is likely living in a less hot condition than azf.
couj is living in guatemala, feozsodtiiz is living in the dome, so feozsodtiiz is likely living in a less hot condition than couj.
lvjzei is living in guatemala, wxn is living in the dome, so wxn is likely living in a less hot condition than lvjzei.
afppo is living in guatemala, cdtikbopxww is living in the dome, so cdtikbopxww is likely living in a less hot condition than afppo.
ehyjg is living in guatemala, nfazpaozcosd is living in the dome, so nfazpaozcosd is likely living in a less hot condition than ehyjg.
kuu is living in guatemala, czr is living in antarctica, so kuu is not living in a less hot condition than czr.
ejsobena is living in guatemala, jyfghes is living in antarctica, so ejsobena is not living in a less hot condition than jyfghes.
kyymmjmx is living in guatemala, uyjcoj is living in antarctica, so kyymmjmx is not living in a less hot condition than uyjcoj.
veciwef is living in guatemala, yncpkpbyak is living in antarctica, so veciwef is not living in a less hot condition than yncpkpbyak.
quqax is living in guatemala, ydqzaaaev is living in antarctica, so quqax is not living in a less hot condition than ydqzaaaev.
jalsupyw is living in guatemala, kqmut is living in the dome c, so kqmut is not living in a hotter condition than jalsupyw.
ncqhvjhzyqya is living in guatemala, wzmb is living in the dome c, so wzmb is not living in a hotter condition than ncqhvjhzyqya.
kplncli is living in guatemala, iflyo is living in the dome c, so iflyo is not living in a hotter condition than kplncli.
bjnfzuqjwqx is living in guatemala, csbq is living in the dome c, so csbq is not living in a hotter condition than bjnfzuqjwqx.
fcq is living in guatemala, vlb is living in the dome c, so vlb is not living in a hotter condition than fcq.
oxbhrzelieir is living in the northern australia, bubobrroe is living in the northern canada, so oxbhrzelieir is likely living in a hotter condition than bubobrroe.
zpoxznzc is living in the northern australia, dpyheyqbzw is living in the northern canada, so zpoxznzc is likely living in a hotter condition than dpyheyqbzw.
gzqcpny is living in the northern australia, sloyoseqgsy is living in the northern canada, so gzqcpny is likely living in a hotter condition than sloyoseqgsy.
yfmssy is living in the northern australia, ctwbg is living in the northern canada, so yfmssy is likely living in a hotter condition than ctwbg.
gpscaub is living in the northern australia, efqm is living in the northern canada, so gpscaub is likely living in a hotter condition than efqm.
ejzdazkrcp is living in the northern australia, snqhzntyvf is living in the northern canada, so snqhzntyvf is likely living in a less hot condition than ejzdazkrcp.
lymhl is living in the northern australia, zspfqm is living in the northern canada, so zspfqm is likely living in a less hot condition than lymhl.
nbb is living in the northern australia, qklevwtf is living in the northern canada, so qklevwtf is likely living in a less hot condition than nbb.
vnfpw is living in the northern australia, smtg is living in the northern canada, so smtg is likely living in a less hot condition than vnfpw.
kyy is living in the northern australia, okhhmqjtj is living in the northern canada, so okhhmqjtj is likely living in a less hot condition than kyy.
yoxraqlv is living in the northern australia, tcbgevg is living in the northern canada, so yoxraqlv is not living in a less hot condition than tcbgevg.
coawbafwqmk is living in the northern australia, apusmzqhj is living in the northern canada, so coawbafwqmk is not living in a less hot condition than apusmzqhj.
opyvnl is living in the northern australia, ybbryqikovbj is living in the northern canada, so opyvnl is not living in a less hot condition than ybbryqikovbj.
wnttkqr is living in the northern australia, oybbkrpvrurb is living in the northern canada, so wnttkqr is not living in a less hot condition than oybbkrpvrurb.
sjc is living in the northern australia, pxealggv is living in the northern canada, so sjc is not living in a less hot condition than pxealggv.
xoxunuvc is living in the northern australia, hlxdf is living in the northern canada, so hlxdf is not living in a hotter condition than xoxunuvc.
ylwjyajqwyhe is living in the northern australia, tsujalhstso is living in the northern canada, so tsujalhstso is not living in a hotter condition than ylwjyajqwyhe.
ngjtgiafzvvj is living in the northern australia, sudusno is living in the northern canada, so sudusno is not living in a hotter condition than ngjtgiafzvvj.
kywimivfdal is living in the northern australia, aqv is living in the northern canada, so aqv is not living in a hotter condition than kywimivfdal.
bnnfcgrdla is living in the northern australia, zfrihuwxaw is living in the northern canada, so zfrihuwxaw is not living in a hotter condition than bnnfcgrdla.
osbd is living in the arctic ocean, ddkyiz is living in the honduras, so osbd is likely living in a colder condition than ddkyiz.
fdkkls is living in the arctic ocean, tsma is living in the honduras, so fdkkls is likely living in a colder condition than tsma.
quvwzz is living in the arctic ocean, izz is living in the honduras, so quvwzz is likely living in a colder condition than izz.
qnnxgwrmzih is living in the arctic ocean, kvdouy is living in the honduras, so qnnxgwrmzih is likely living in a colder condition than kvdouy.
iuvvdm is living in the arctic ocean, nekayelo is living in the honduras, so iuvvdm is likely living in a colder condition than nekayelo.
hqrgby is living in the arctic ocean, uofw is living in the honduras, so uofw is likely living in a less cold condition than hqrgby.
kialkcl is living in the arctic ocean, ophkwohoboh is living in the honduras, so ophkwohoboh is likely living in a less cold condition than kialkcl.
glyzrqvpsih is living in the arctic ocean, xwsbooijtio is living in the honduras, so xwsbooijtio is likely living in a less cold condition than glyzrqvpsih.
lxmtwtqqx is living in the arctic ocean, xwet is living in the honduras, so xwet is likely living in a less cold condition than lxmtwtqqx.
kdtjplxndaw is living in the arctic ocean, ppul is living in the honduras, so ppul is likely living in a less cold condition than kdtjplxndaw.
ljcnen is living in the arctic ocean, kmpuunf is living in the honduras, so ljcnen is not living in a less cold condition than kmpuunf.
nrsa is living in the arctic ocean, fzzhl is living in the honduras, so nrsa is not living in a less cold condition than fzzhl.
foxehudv is living in the arctic ocean, mvoa is living in the honduras, so foxehudv is not living in a less cold condition than mvoa.
eqnyuxaowh is living in the arctic ocean, mif is living in the honduras, so eqnyuxaowh is not living in a less cold condition than mif.
gkzsyzkgycln is living in the arctic ocean, akfhlku is living in the honduras, so gkzsyzkgycln is not living in a less cold condition than akfhlku.
bdk is living in the arctic ocean, vlzhxfbecazu is living in the honduras, so vlzhxfbecazu is not living in a colder condition than bdk.
eqdivq is living in the arctic ocean, rkhlv is living in the honduras, so rkhlv is not living in a colder condition than eqdivq.
kshr is living in the arctic ocean, lhhygqsauk is living in the honduras, so lhhygqsauk is not living in a colder condition than kshr.
nosgkkm is living in the arctic ocean, fxnxbeqs is living in the honduras, so fxnxbeqs is not living in a colder condition than nosgkkm.
yxcyulcjqwf is living in the arctic ocean, zfibg is living in the honduras, so zfibg is not living in a colder condition than yxcyulcjqwf.
qmglfvxvhzc is living in the north, tsugo is living in the somalia, so qmglfvxvhzc is likely living in a colder condition than tsugo.
ckakqmkkwjn is living in the north, rtgivap is living in the somalia, so ckakqmkkwjn is likely living in a colder condition than rtgivap.
zywhb is living in the north, ohg is living in the somalia, so zywhb is likely living in a colder condition than ohg.
dujc is living in the north, goo is living in the somalia, so dujc is likely living in a colder condition than goo.
xwwpidapd is living in the north, wwbmknuw is living in the somalia, so xwwpidapd is likely living in a colder condition than wwbmknuw.
tjqqsldt is living in the north, rsfy is living in the somalia, so rsfy is likely living in a less cold condition than tjqqsldt.
fqcptg is living in the north, fbvo is living in the somalia, so fbvo is likely living in a less cold condition than fqcptg.
udmbhrugwrb is living in the north, dji is living in the somalia, so dji is likely living in a less cold condition than udmbhrugwrb.
vwsulquknn is living in the north, sxezgxhcmrol is living in the somalia, so sxezgxhcmrol is likely living in a less cold condition than vwsulquknn.
cidmibhh is living in the north, jpa is living in the somalia, so jpa is likely living in a less cold condition than cidmibhh.
ipwlz is living in the north, iwfgxayld is living in the somalia, so ipwlz is not living in a less cold condition than iwfgxayld.
gxl is living in the north, gnzh is living in the somalia, so gxl is not living in a less cold condition than gnzh.
ylqgmug is living in the north, xsypaz is living in the somalia, so ylqgmug is not living in a less cold condition than xsypaz.
ujbzr is living in the north, qzhxf is living in the somalia, so ujbzr is not living in a less cold condition than qzhxf.
vgjjv is living in the north, gqxkszhzbfm is living in the somalia, so vgjjv is not living in a less cold condition than gqxkszhzbfm.
lawnnuz is living in the north, hqnrdtyto is living in the somalia, so hqnrdtyto is not likely living in a colder condition than lawnnuz.
tmqgaoxxfl is living in the north, ncim is living in the somalia, so ncim is not likely living in a colder condition than tmqgaoxxfl.
jaec is living in the north, fnclnbccq is living in the somalia, so fnclnbccq is not likely living in a colder condition than jaec.
qbeclunz is living in the north, hxqiiyzmwlf is living in the somalia, so hxqiiyzmwlf is not likely living in a colder condition than qbeclunz.
ojsvetijrwoh is living in the north, asratyz is living in the somalia, so asratyz is not likely living in a colder condition than ojsvetijrwoh.
tejyolbgedzj is living in Norway, tcqogcmm is living in the niger, so tejyolbgedzj is likely living in a colder condition than tcqogcmm.
nadud is living in Norway, gsdqzq is living in the niger, so nadud is likely living in a colder condition than gsdqzq.
vkxqkpcxjyn is living in Norway, dnaetoozozc is living in the niger, so vkxqkpcxjyn is likely living in a colder condition than dnaetoozozc.
jphnmtghfwgk is living in Norway, dkqwdtpu is living in the niger, so jphnmtghfwgk is likely living in a colder condition than dkqwdtpu.
gyc is living in Norway, oks is living in the niger, so gyc is likely living in a colder condition than oks.
skgvegnb is living in Norway, mxnqjkcopmf is living in the niger, so mxnqjkcopmf is likely living in a less cold condition than skgvegnb.
fsebun is living in Norway, ewin is living in the niger, so ewin is likely living in a less cold condition than fsebun.
vjp is living in Norway, hpbi is living in the niger, so hpbi is likely living in a less cold condition than vjp.
xog is living in Norway, pmponb is living in the niger, so pmponb is likely living in a less cold condition than xog.
jnwafmveu is living in Norway, llxiuqgh is living in the niger, so llxiuqgh is likely living in a less cold condition than jnwafmveu.
mvmoqlzhflxt is living in Norway, qqbqh is living in the niger, so mvmoqlzhflxt is not living in a less cold condition than qqbqh
dowhhxfttj is living in Norway, aoebkoyeqnr is living in the niger, so dowhhxfttj is not living in a less cold condition than aoebkoyeqnr
ancainpofz is living in Norway, ipmchr is living in the niger, so ancainpofz is not living in a less cold condition than ipmchr
qdrcrfg is living in Norway, ktqjkzwzgl is living in the niger, so qdrcrfg is not living in a less cold condition than ktqjkzwzgl
xxtfmf is living in Norway, bqlpwidj is living in the niger, so xxtfmf is not living in a less cold condition than bqlpwidj
zszlurbh is living in Norway, ikzvlnbq is living in niger, so ikzvlnbq is not living in a colder condition than zszlurbh.
zva is living in Norway, cwvzwbuplxpn is living in niger, so cwvzwbuplxpn is not living in a colder condition than zva.
lzccoswy is living in Norway, zwqxnxhcjc is living in niger, so zwqxnxhcjc is not living in a colder condition than lzccoswy.
qunttpigctu is living in Norway, swhws is living in niger, so swhws is not living in a colder condition than qunttpigctu.
lzxxwkobtbb is living in Norway, akfewywgnnea is living in niger, so akfewywgnnea is not living in a colder condition than lzxxwkobtbb.
jyjuqcmuj is living in the north pole, nxfceku is living in the mali, so jyjuqcmuj is likely living in a colder condition than nxfceku.
jhxqfzc is living in the north pole, konmcah is living in the mali, so jhxqfzc is likely living in a colder condition than konmcah.
vgruht is living in the north pole, ouauew is living in the mali, so vgruht is likely living in a colder condition than ouauew.
fydxuth is living in the north pole, wqkdjxqjvtut is living in the mali, so fydxuth is likely living in a colder condition than wqkdjxqjvtut.
vrur is living in the north pole, qgugyxteggc is living in the mali, so vrur is likely living in a colder condition than qgugyxteggc.
ucnrbzbz is living in the north pole, luv is living in the mali, so luv is likely living in a less cold condition than ucnrbzbz.
hmzkwar is living in the north pole, ycatibyasxl is living in the mali, so ycatibyasxl is likely living in a less cold condition than hmzkwar.
pymvzhfk is living in the north pole, zaeybhqnbym is living in the mali, so zaeybhqnbym is likely living in a less cold condition than pymvzhfk.
puztvgyjaual is living in the north pole, jzysu is living in the mali, so jzysu is likely living in a less cold condition than puztvgyjaual.
vfuov is living in the north pole, iyzcs is living in the mali, so iyzcs is likely living in a less cold condition than vfuov.
pixz is living in the north pole, zcba is living in the south pole, so pixz is not living in a less cold condition than zcba.
xgaikmxeac is living in the north pole, ctkhhgkrmacp is living in the south pole, so xgaikmxeac is not living in a less cold condition than ctkhhgkrmacp.
uhubsbqe is living in the north pole, ppkswbddy is living in the south pole, so uhubsbqe is not living in a less cold condition than ppkswbddy.
pqv is living in the north pole, seiceqcwgr is living in the south pole, so pqv is not living in a less cold condition than seiceqcwgr.
hobgn is living in the north pole, cblyjzmni is living in the south pole, so hobgn is not living in a less cold condition than cblyjzmni.
vdatozvmjk is living in the north pole, ohuvb is living in the north pole, so ohuvb is not living in a colder condition than vdatozvmjk.
zlkjn is living in the north pole, xlidmeqt is living in the north pole, so xlidmeqt is not living in a colder condition than zlkjn.
flbwefmbxeh is living in the north pole, yxlbsrchwt is living in the north pole, so yxlbsrchwt is not living in a colder condition than flbwefmbxeh.
bamol is living in the north pole, ntz is living in the north pole, so ntz is not living in a colder condition than bamol.
qozdpaz is living in the north pole, khaalpsb is living in the north pole, so khaalpsb is not living in a colder condition than qozdpaz.
euczaqubll is living in the democratic republic of the congo, gkfkbcakrb is living in the north pole, so euczaqubll is likely living in a hotter condition than gkfkbcakrb.
uiygucirykd is living in the democratic republic of the congo, phacvdwut is living in the north pole, so uiygucirykd is likely living in a hotter condition than phacvdwut.
yxfaltd is living in the democratic republic of the congo, mqwqkir is living in the north pole, so yxfaltd is likely living in a hotter condition than mqwqkir.
silivzbqgyk is living in the democratic republic of the congo, ncwpozzsqfzn is living in the north pole, so silivzbqgyk is likely living in a hotter condition than ncwpozzsqfzn.
uamaxtoq is living in the democratic republic of the congo, wubgwwyh is living in the north pole, so uamaxtoq is likely living in a hotter condition than wubgwwyh.
jpebhlqxnpke is living in the democratic republic of the congo, bslybvpsggf is living in the north pole, so bslybvpsggf is likely living in a less hot condition than jpebhlqxnpke.
eadv is living in the democratic republic of the congo, zeierewhucho is living in the north pole, so zeierewhucho is likely living in a less hot condition than eadv.
afnmrsxekds is living in the democratic republic of the congo, qrse is living in the north pole, so qrse is likely living in a less hot condition than afnmrsxekds.
ftvzq is living in the democratic republic of the congo, ernq is living in the north pole, so ernq is likely living in a less hot condition than ftvzq.
ijkesyhh is living in the democratic republic of the congo, vcxbkhpdst is living in the north pole, so vcxbkhpdst is likely living in a less hot condition than ijkesyhh.
sbzj is living in the democratic republic of the congo, vlrngxe is living in the north pole, so sbzj is not living in a less hot condition than vlrngxe.
hajvfgsoabpp is living in the democratic republic of the congo, xrobprfxym is living in the north pole, so hajvfgsoabpp is not living in a less hot condition than xrobprfxym.
cxrfnll is living in the democratic republic of the congo, aopks is living in the north pole, so cxrfnll is not living in a less hot condition than aopks.
rqof is living in the democratic republic of the congo, mftbj is living in the north pole, so rqof is not living in a less hot condition than mftbj.
wrfcflrwj is living in the democratic republic of the congo, dgcgejedk is living in the north pole, so wrfcflrwj is not living in a less hot condition than dgcgejedk.
mtqpn is living in the democratic republic of the congo, gkfjitfmuz is living in the north pole, so gkfjitfmuz is not living in a hotter condition than mtqpn.
yhmuvq is living in the democratic republic of the congo, miqeepdyjrhq is living in the north pole, so miqeepdyjrhq is not living in a hotter condition than yhmuvq.
cvnmzp is living in the democratic republic of the congo, wrvbeuivny is living in the north pole, so wrvbeuivny is not living in a hotter condition than cvnmzp.
vabiw is living in the democratic republic of the congo, abzwghgn is living in the north pole, so abzwghgn is not living in a hotter condition than vabiw.
hwwnuxmzergz is living in the democratic republic of the congo, upuw is living in the north pole, so upuw is not living in a hotter condition than hwwnuxmzergz.
sgzsaglno is living in somalia, qaeu is living in the northern canada, so sgzsaglno is likely living in a colder condition than qaeu.
snwyovaforf is living in somalia, kxt is living in the northern canada, so snwyovaforf is likely living in a colder condition than kxt.
anjbkeg is living in somalia, awjs is living in the northern canada, so anjbkeg is likely living in a colder condition than awjs.
huzmsgmdzgc is living in somalia, jcq is living in the northern canada, so huzmsgmdzgc is likely living in a colder condition than jcq.
libmjhsykcf is living in somalia, disqcakqnx is living in the northern canada, so libmjhsykcf is likely living in a colder condition than disqcakqnx.
yjmqlvlovin is living in somalia, fqetk is living in the northern canada, so fqetk is likely living in a less hot condition than yjmqlvlovin.
jkqkohew is living in somalia, dgocthmc is living in the northern canada, so dgocthmc is likely living in a less hot condition than jkqkohew.
hhgddrcn is living in somalia, uwp is living in the northern canada, so uwp is likely living in a less hot condition than hhgddrcn.
qmcwjwfd is living in somalia, knaggzxnr is living in the northern canada, so knaggzxnr is likely living in a less hot condition than qmcwjwfd.
nomjuwup is living in somalia, jrqasuhurhye is living in the northern canada, so jrqasuhurhye is likely living in a less hot condition than nomjuwup.
qpkqa is living in somalia, ycw is living in the northern canada, so qpkqa is not living in a less hot condition than ycw.
zhsfqlqqkmf is living in somalia, uqbvgnuqa is living in the northern canada, so zhsfqlqqkmf is not living in a less hot condition than uqbvgnuqa.
qcukuxixdlv is living in somalia, bvecefv is living in the northern canada, so qcukuxixdlv is not living in a less hot condition than bvecefv.
qmxiqvumhqn is living in somalia, llb is living in the northern canada, so qmxiqvumhqn is not living in a less hot condition than llb.
isco is living in somalia, yyxvdqmlfxhl is living in the northern canada, so isco is not living in a less hot condition than yyxvdqmlfxhl.
rvdudmfwbr is living in somalia, xcuzgfcwpktc is living in the northern canada, so xcuzgfcwpktc is not living in a hotter condition than rvdudmfwbr.
aonywib is living in somalia, ftme is living in the northern canada, so ftme is not living in a hotter condition than aonywib.
nnw is living in somalia, dmaqi is living in the northern canada, so dmaqi is not living in a hotter condition than nnw.
goqxa is living in somalia, yblpvuwn is living in the northern canada, so yblpvuwn is not living in a hotter condition than goqxa.
tmyfjlgqytyc is living in somalia, xdkynjnmsk is living in the northern canada, so xdkynjnmsk is not living in a hotter condition than tmyfjlgqytyc.
ljzhjguhd is living in the northern siberia, xxbrifodwlli is living in the somalia, so ljzhjguhd is likely living in a colder condition than xxbrifodwlli.
rntjailecjod is living in the northern siberia, xut is living in the somalia, so rntjailecjod is likely living in a colder condition than xut.
nvgpbdz is living in the northern siberia, qjmmnh is living in the somalia, so nvgpbdz is likely living in a colder condition than qjmmnh.
ukxxpmywx is living in the northern siberia, ussbtds is living in the somalia, so ukxxpmywx is likely living in a colder condition than ussbtds.
mthfu is living in the northern siberia, nnaztsffpzuj is living in the somalia, so mthfu is likely living in a colder condition than nnaztsffpzuj.
mvkswoxbhdxl is living in the northern siberia, ferint is living in the somalia, so ferint is likely living in a less cold condition than mvkswoxbhdxl.
gtpgfjhfuvx is living in the northern siberia, mxcrioqfvo is living in the somalia, so mxcrioqfvo is likely living in a less cold condition than gtpgfjhfuvx.
rlpgszenic is living in the northern siberia, xderxlrjb is living in the somalia, so xderxlrjb is likely living in a less cold condition than rlpgszenic.
wrvpkcwk is living in the northern siberia, nvhsakvfgh is living in the somalia, so nvhsakvfgh is likely living in a less cold condition than wrvpkcwk.
jekkb is living in the northern siberia, gqwdeuwtw is living in the somalia, so gqwdeuwtw is likely living in a less cold condition than jekkb.
uwxgtyr is living in the northern siberia, ijsvpuzyl is living in somalia, so uwxgtyr is not living in a less cold condition than ijsvpuzyl
xuwsqwa is living in the northern siberia, oyuuslaglnyn is living in somalia, so xuwsqwa is not living in a less cold condition than oyuuslaglnyn
tdjmvmer is living in the northern siberia, imdtu is living in somalia, so tdjmvmer is not living in a less cold condition than imdtu
sgjflayzywy is living in the northern siberia, ggdybmt is living in somalia, so sgjflayzywy is not living in a less cold condition than ggdybmt
kgfhtdzhvxr is living in the northern siberia, rwwyjy is living in somalia, so kgfhtdzhvxr is not living in a less cold condition than rwwyjy
zwivyodohg is living in the northern siberia, xbf is living in the somalia, so xbf is not living in a colder condition than zwivyodohg
vfbr is living in the northern siberia, newwynmxluob is living in the somalia, so newwynmxluob is not living in a colder condition than vfbr
naxyzjc is living in the northern siberia, ijdlriqq is living in the somalia, so ijdlriqq is not living in a colder condition than naxyzjc
xfn is living in the northern siberia, ldjewbu is living in the somalia, so ldjewbu is not living in a colder condition than xfn
ktjkkempfbod is living in the northern siberia, mjlb is living in the somalia, so mjlb is not living in a colder condition than ktjkkempfbod
ubyxabkmdtc is living in the democratic republic of the congo, pmnqtn is living in the south pole, so ubyxabkmdtc is likely living in a hotter condition than pmnqtn.
cvtlyn is living in the democratic republic of the congo, ggch is living in the south pole, so cvtlyn is likely living in a hotter condition than ggch.
sruvo is living in the democratic republic of the congo, dju is living in the south pole, so sruvo is likely living in a hotter condition than dju.
ncvgxtcqpslk is living in the democratic republic of the congo, izdyahrsnlc is living in the south pole, so ncvgxtcqpslk is likely living in a hotter condition than izdyahrsnlc.
hfe is living in the democratic republic of the congo, sdbnoxecgo is living in the south pole, so hfe is likely living in a hotter condition than sdbnoxecgo.
lqnxdbubxsyb is living in the democratic republic of the congo, bixmlhecbi is living in the south pole, so bixmlhecbi is likely living in a less hot condition than lqnxdbubxsyb.
tkhgczffqsmb is living in the democratic republic of the congo, ahoyciw is living in the south pole, so ahoyciw is likely living in a less hot condition than tkhgczffqsmb.
biqnhrhpawgo is living in the democratic republic of the congo, enf is living in the south pole, so enf is likely living in a less hot condition than biqnhrhpawgo.
wjoroeuppb is living in the democratic republic of the congo, trrpqam is living in the south pole, so trrpqam is likely living in a less hot condition than wjoroeuppb.
tqojrgox is living in the democratic republic of the congo, rralie is living in the south pole, so rralie is likely living in a less hot condition than tqojrgox.
aqo is living in the democratic republic of the congo, ewyifmjnkha is living in the south pole, so aqo is not living in a less hot condition than ewyifmjnkha.
gknakjg is living in the democratic republic of the congo, cftkntyuiz is living in the south pole, so gknakjg is not living in a less hot condition than cftkntyuiz.
twa is living in the democratic republic of the congo, mviiyjt is living in the south pole, so twa is not living in a less hot condition than mviiyjt.
ggkmtnpa is living in the democratic republic of the congo, ltqrta is living in the south pole, so ggkmtnpa is not living in a less hot condition than ltqrta.
xerppilhvk is living in the democratic republic of the congo, mmta is living in the south pole, so xerppilhvk is not living in a less hot condition than mmta.
zhumpzgioxlk is living in the democratic republic of the congo, ztbpselhmnv is living in the south pole, so ztbpselhmnv is not likely living in a colder condition than zhumpzgioxlk.
xlodtn is living in the democratic republic of the congo, mivtyaodgpx is living in the south pole, so mivtyaodgpx is not likely living in a colder condition than xlodtn.
crtikljy is living in the democratic republic of the congo, ryyyhjtt is living in the south pole, so ryyyhjtt is not likely living in a colder condition than crtikljy.
vmvnb is living in the democratic republic of the congo, iytkbesb is living in the south pole, so iytkbesb is not likely living in a colder condition than vmvnb.
hpike is living in the democratic republic of the congo, rglyeqsz is living in the south pole, so rglyeqsz is not likely living in a colder condition than hpike.
cwhuo is living in somalia, hbdjpzz is living in oslo, so cwhuo is likely living in a hotter condition than hbdjpzz.
whnzxbvorh is living in somalia, upoedi is living in oslo, so whnzxbvorh is likely living in a hotter condition than upoedi.
uoxsywtoa is living in somalia, sfxzvzlwguck is living in oslo, so uoxsywtoa is likely living in a hotter condition than sfxzvzlwguck.
gbzujrhptk is living in somalia, lfqncoms is living in oslo, so gbzujrhptk is likely living in a hotter condition than lfqncoms.
oregmzfchau is living in somalia, hfgomheqk is living in oslo, so oregmzfchau is likely living in a hotter condition than hfgomheqk.
nmsejlhbibn is living in somalia, nwwcwycydrz is living in oslo, so nwwcwycydrz is likely living in a more hot condition than nmsejlhbibn.
jfthpds is living in somalia, ozojmex is living in oslo, so ozojmex is likely living in a more hot condition than jfthpds.
sitdhur is living in somalia, rzmqoelhw is living in oslo, so rzmqoelhw is likely living in a more hot condition than sitdhur.
fcmwno is living in somalia, zjubxklnv is living in oslo, so zjubxklnv is likely living in a more hot condition than fcmwno.
kybgxjwtcc is living in somalia, oyyicdztku is living in oslo, so oyyicdztku is likely living in a more hot condition than kybgxjwtcc.
tsxesm is living in somalia, ofjn is living in oslo, so tsxesm is not living in a less hot condition than ofjn
tghfmrgfbxoc is living in somalia, ohyhxy is living in oslo, so tghfmrgfbxoc is not living in a less hot condition than ohyhxy
nwslbeoplr is living in somalia, rnsbzsrgbs is living in oslo, so nwslbeoplr is not living in a less hot condition than rnsbzsrgbs
ohopbexe is living in somalia, phjr is living in oslo, so ohopbexe is not living in a less hot condition than phjr
kcnvoveioa is living in somalia, imq is living in oslo, so kcnvoveioa is not living in a less hot condition than imq
dqqhys is living in somalia, acealbnpi is living in oslo, so acealbnpi is not living in a hotter condition than dqqhys.
ywem is living in somalia, jvlgwnfgzjb is living in oslo, so jvlgwnfgzjb is not living in a hotter condition than ywem.
gjdg is living in somalia, qpwkukqyqhu is living in oslo, so qpwkukqyqhu is not living in a hotter condition than gjdg.
qvcpjx is living in somalia, dtyxqwuyyxe is living in oslo, so dtyxqwuyyxe is not living in a hotter condition than qvcpjx.
uhl is living in somalia, sgvd is living in oslo, so sgvd is not living in a hotter condition than uhl.
hgah is living in the south pole, kqumjdhvaraq is living in the mauritania, so hgah is likely living in a colder condition than kqumjdhvaraq.
tonectla is living in the south pole, qxpdhr is living in the mauritania, so tonectla is likely living in a colder condition than qxpdhr.
ffy is living in the south pole, ojdbkvhsztux is living in the mauritania, so ffy is likely living in a colder condition than ojdbkvhsztux.
ollmcamhaonm is living in the south pole, wlerfehimz is living in the mauritania, so ollmcamhaonm is likely living in a colder condition than wlerfehimz.
nzrdhdbmvpf is living in the south pole, erle is living in the mauritania, so nzrdhdbmvpf is likely living in a colder condition than erle.
yhyloxxy is living in the south pole, ikxnlancdzar is living in the mauritania, so ikxnlancdzar is likely living in a less cold condition than yhyloxxy.
pyevc is living in the south pole, jwfleefnekom is living in the mauritania, so jwfleefnekom is likely living in a less cold condition than pyevc.
lyov is living in the south pole, yntzsgm is living in the mauritania, so yntzsgm is likely living in a less cold condition than lyov.
sqcykhz is living in the south pole, cdk is living in the mauritania, so cdk is likely living in a less cold condition than sqcykhz.
idaanzlt is living in the south pole, wptlnczuyx is living in the mauritania, so wptlnczuyx is likely living in a less cold condition than idaanzlt.
yowjnfdvdqe is living in the south pole, havuhdv is living in the mauritania, so yowjnfdvdqe is not living in a less cold condition than havuhdv.
lwuujj is living in the south pole, ldnrcnivvt is living in the mauritania, so lwuujj is not living in a less cold condition than ldnrcnivvt.
gesr is living in the south pole, knwfssw is living in the mauritania, so gesr is not living in a less cold condition than knwfssw.
iibusiyxqdg is living in the south pole, puajzot is living in the mauritania, so iibusiyxqdg is not living in a less cold condition than puajzot.
ftwmnk is living in the south pole, dcnda is living in the mauritania, so ftwmnk is not living in a less cold condition than dcnda.
ocwvift is living in the south pole, soebusbosbob is living in the mauritania, so soebusbosbob is not living in a colder condition than ocwvift.
nnmrgxkcnrct is living in the south pole, tnm is living in the mauritania, so tnm is not living in a colder condition than nnmrgxkcnrct.
owbszfxjypa is living in the south pole, inawbywsto is living in the mauritania, so inawbywsto is not living in a colder condition than owbszfxjypa.
lukcj is living in the south pole, zqafr is living in the mauritania, so zqafr is not living in a colder condition than lukcj.
wzziarrpi is living in the south pole, jojhf is living in the mauritania, so jojhf is not living in a colder condition than wzziarrpi.
qwydtrwtoh is living in singapore, erdo is living in stockholm, Sweden, so qwydtrwtoh is likely living in a hotter condition than erdo.
szgvul is living in singapore, eck is living in stockholm, Sweden, so szgvul is likely living in a hotter condition than eck.
quspcgzeuv is living in singapore, ocid is living in stockholm, Sweden, so quspcgzeuv is likely living in a hotter condition than ocid.
vdo is living in singapore, tmcryqbhu is living in stockholm, Sweden, so vdo is likely living in a hotter condition than tmcryqbhu.
jhv is living in singapore, yyrnfssqkqjp is living in stockholm, Sweden, so jhv is likely living in a hotter condition than yyrnfssqkqjp.
xglpxkhp is living in singapore, zaxzvujxuufm is living in stockholm, so zaxzvujxuufm is likely living in a less hot condition than xglpxkhp.
yrs is living in singapore, qofjs is living in stockholm, so qofjs is likely living in a less hot condition than yrs.
wcfplnfxqpzu is living in singapore, afgfau is living in stockholm, so afgfau is likely living in a less hot condition than wcfplnfxqpzu.
xodtnkpex is living in singapore, iqlpunqzi is living in stockholm, so iqlpunqzi is likely living in a less hot condition than xodtnkpex.
xttzqpdixybc is living in singapore, viaf is living in stockholm, so viaf is likely living in a less hot condition than xttzqpdixybc.
vmrkre is living in singapore, rravftuvy is living in stockholm, so vmrkre is not living in a less hot condition than rravftuvy
cgqvcuhuym is living in singapore, kzahet is living in stockholm, so cgqvcuhuym is not living in a less hot condition than kzahet
qxgoduwjiok is living in singapore, lenctytq is living in stockholm, so qxgoduwjiok is not living in a less hot condition than lenctytq
gbtmyuo is living in singapore, xnjbixuyg is living in stockholm, so gbtmyuo is not living in a less hot condition than xnjbixuyg
gvbshi is living in singapore, pfmfytqc is living in stockholm, so gvbshi is not living in a less hot condition than pfmfytqc
wgmvphqrqu is living in singapore, cqgdbqmye is living in stockholm, so cqgdbqmye is not living in a hotter condition than wgmvphqrqu.
ucwje is living in singapore, rsalrwze is living in stockholm, so rsalrwze is not living in a hotter condition than ucwje.
uldqud is living in singapore, gxkb is living in stockholm, so gxkb is not living in a hotter condition than uldqud.
eom is living in singapore, uzsk is living in stockholm, so uzsk is not living in a hotter condition than eom.
kfxdiqcwmdd is living in singapore, dkghjl is living in stockholm, so dkghjl is not living in a hotter condition than kfxdiqcwmdd.
nesvrqoozzi is living in Stockholm, luxo is living in thailand, so nesvrqoozzi is likely living in a colder condition than luxo.
obvinpgjl is living in Stockholm, dmzqnxx is living in thailand, so obvinpgjl is likely living in a colder condition than dmzqnxx.
hgaokvu is living in Stockholm, yqytefjistl is living in thailand, so hgaokvu is likely living in a colder condition than yqytefjistl.
auqdhckei is living in Stockholm, vyiitczp is living in thailand, so auqdhckei is likely living in a colder condition than vyiitczp.
xdmwaqfjdwj is living in Stockholm, ppkvbrkph is living in thailand, so xdmwaqfjdwj is likely living in a colder condition than ppkvbrkph.
nhltmdeywsei is living in Stockholm, qylqjcea is living in thailand, so qylqjcea is likely living in a less cold condition than nhltmdeywsei.
hdwdepgrq is living in Stockholm, amlawfuthqr is living in thailand, so amlawfuthqr is likely living in a less cold condition than hdwdepgrq.
veviyskmsj is living in Stockholm, qpizqd is living in thailand, so qpizqd is likely living in a less cold condition than veviyskmsj.
wzdjymom is living in Stockholm, eoscsrwdl is living in thailand, so eoscsrwdl is likely living in a less cold condition than wzdjymom.
vudp is living in Stockholm, symarzkfrz is living in thailand, so symarzkfrz is likely living in a less cold condition than vudp.
yfteqdqqb is living in Stockholm, wzkqhbx is living in thailand, so yfteqdqqb is not living in a less cold condition than wzkqhbx
ozrvhkodfhxc is living in Stockholm, fcximept is living in thailand, so ozrvhkodfhxc is not living in a less cold condition than fcximept
lqemb is living in Stockholm, syjjbbru is living in thailand, so lqemb is not living in a less cold condition than syjjbbru
gdp is living in Stockholm, wazg is living in thailand, so gdp is not living in a less cold condition than wazg
ioqlo is living in Stockholm, rqvtgtgyzso is living in thailand, so ioqlo is not living in a less cold condition than rqvtgtgyzso
gznnyul is living in stockholm, pbpmnzxvzpt is living in thailand, so pbpmnzxvzpt is not living in a colder condition than gznnyul
ulhsqbub is living in stockholm, gun is living in thailand, so gun is not living in a colder condition than ulhsqbub
xyfh is living in stockholm, pigw is living in thailand, so pigw is not living in a colder condition than xyfh
ouirvr is living in stockholm, sarhebsznwp is living in thailand, so sarhebsznwp is not living in a colder condition than ouirvr
hwuqjjfeimy is living in stockholm, jmfcnw is living in thailand, so jmfcnw is not living in a colder condition than hwuqjjfeimy
rbdvlnjqxppr is living in the dome c, so rbdvlnjqxppr is likely living in a colder condition than uyhrvdpc.
wkxehydigxd is living in the dome c, so wkxehydigxd is likely living in a colder condition than dvffv.
uykxjivsocud is living in the dome c, so uykxjivsocud is likely living in a colder condition than loyuma.
ryzyhqxboyfo is living in the dome c, so ryzyhqxboyfo is likely living in a colder condition than inhkvlss.
ajyxvizucal is living in the dome c, so ajyxvizucal is likely living in a colder condition than mygrdlmnjx.
oeenbxj is living in the dome c, so lsdonlqyqpb is likely living in the madagascar, so lsdonlqyqpb is likely living in a less cold condition than oeenbxj.
zgbd is living in the dome c, so zrvfzopn is likely living in the madagascar, so zrvfzopn is likely living in a less cold condition than zgbd.
iir is living in the dome c, so qtuwuhy is likely living in the madagascar, so qtuwuhy is likely living in a less cold condition than iir.
hai is living in the dome c, so dibcf is likely living in the madagascar, so dibcf is likely living in a less cold condition than hai.
bfocnmbbswv is living in the dome c, so nmgwcvpxksle is likely living in the madagascar, so nmgwcvpxksle is likely living in a less cold condition than bfocnmbbswv.
fmw is living in shetland, qthfrrbpfr is living in mauritania, so fmw is likely living in a colder condition than qthfrrbpfr.
zycq is living in shetland, litn is living in mauritania, so zycq is likely living in a colder condition than litn.
zwl is living in shetland, ylmw is living in mauritania, so zwl is likely living in a colder condition than ylmw.
qbfjugxepl is living in shetland, dwmkqsiyd is living in mauritania, so qbfjugxepl is likely living in a colder condition than dwmkqsiyd.
kntrl is living in shetland, tfqpzudp is living in mauritania, so kntrl is likely living in a colder condition than tfqpzudp.
fpigvzvgulx is living in the shetland, wanhhsdzjl is living in mauritania, so wanhhsdzjl is likely living in a less cold condition than fpigvzvgulx.
lzqdaerk is living in the shetland, ytcovoqvhnfq is living in mauritania, so ytcovoqvhnfq is likely living in a less cold condition than lzqdaerk.
bodnaxw is living in the shetland, iheweuan is living in mauritania, so iheweuan is likely living in a less cold condition than bodnaxw.
bckgvawf is living in the shetland, kqeb is living in mauritania, so kqeb is likely living in a less cold condition than bckgvawf.
lkravaudxtr is living in the shetland, kfpztvf is living in mauritania, so kfpztvf is likely living in a less cold condition than lkravaudxtr.
wjyrjr is living in the shetland, splozm is living in mauritania, so wjyrjr is not living in a less cold condition than splozm
osaof is living in the shetland, anpawxsbbwz is living in mauritania, so osaof is not living in a less cold condition than anpawxsbbwz
uunds is living in the shetland, gjqhc is living in mauritania, so uunds is not living in a less cold condition than gjqhc
cbjwu is living in the shetland, ypbqvfvs is living in mauritania, so cbjwu is not living in a less cold condition than ypbqvfvs
qsjx is living in the shetland, znuvzwytghz is living in mauritania, so qsjx is not living in a less cold condition than znuvzwytghz
udckmbtwlies is living in the shetland, fwnzltsc is living in mauritania, so fwnzltsc is not living in a colder condition than udckmbtwlies.
elvcpt is living in the shetland, xeglpr is living in mauritania, so xeglpr is not living in a colder condition than elvcpt.
fipdhkcsq is living in the shetland, wntdbygamkw is living in mauritania, so wntdbygamkw is not living in a colder condition than fipdhkcsq.
vnltjax is living in the shetland, xkx is living in mauritania, so xkx is not living in a colder condition than vnltjax.
itugaay is living in the shetland, fesgjsqsspgn is living in mauritania, so fesgjsqsspgn is not living in a colder condition than itugaay.
mhpiese is living in northern australia, rrhp is living in helsinki, finland, so mhpiese is likely living in a hotter condition than rrhp.
chdgtxyzmpf is living in northern australia, stsyeouaxox is living in helsinki, finland, so chdgtxyzmpf is likely living in a hotter condition than stsyeouaxox.
xgscbin is living in northern australia, zfthrfu is living in helsinki, finland, so xgscbin is likely living in a hotter condition than zfthrfu.
gwjyep is living in northern australia, pxekhrcu is living in helsinki, finland, so gwjyep is likely living in a hotter condition than pxekhrcu.
epjkn is living in northern australia, yyzcsnrrpasm is living in helsinki, finland, so epjkn is likely living in a hotter condition than yyzcsnrrpasm.
zbguqzo is living in northern australia, cvfngudt is living in helsinki, so cvfngudt is likely living in a less hot condition than zbguqzo.
cmlzdoperhkb is living in northern australia, jzn is living in helsinki, so jzn is likely living in a less hot condition than cmlzdoperhkb.
ztqdxwfrrw is living in northern australia, betrrpq is living in helsinki, so betrrpq is likely living in a less hot condition than ztqdxwfrrw.
lirfjzr is living in northern australia, sqvq is living in helsinki, so sqvq is likely living in a less hot condition than lirfjzr.
xuvva is living in northern australia, qxc is living in helsinki, so qxc is likely living in a less hot condition than xuvva.
gyqiteah is living in northern australia, qrpgvcszuzp is living in helsinki, so gyqiteah is not living in a less hot condition than qrpgvcszuzp
fel is living in northern australia, oxbgf is living in helsinki, so fel is not living in a less hot condition than oxbgf
kkq is living in northern australia, otx is living in helsinki, so kkq is not living in a less hot condition than otx
nqj is living in northern australia, neyqdehctuj is living in helsinki, so nqj is not living in a less hot condition than neyqdehctuj
slwkjlrzea is living in northern australia, skabsmesuy is living in helsinki, so slwkjlrzea is not living in a less hot condition than skabsmesuy
xcumtavza is living in northern australia, dpn is living in helsinki, so dpn is not living in a hotter condition than xcumtavza.
clowcpebs is living in northern australia, hzgqvyq is living in helsinki, so hzgqvyq is not living in a hotter condition than clowcpebs.
uoivgus is living in northern australia, yfismjb is living in helsinki, so yfismjb is not living in a hotter condition than uoivgus.
eirjsrcjt is living in northern australia, jslmegxcrlbp is living in helsinki, so jslmegxcrlbp is not living in a hotter condition than eirjsrcjt.
bjuzcasegtxq is living in northern australia, wnxpxmwcyx is living in helsinki, so wnxpxmwcyx is not living in a hotter condition than bjuzcasegtxq.
farlwvngkohl is living in the north pole, krflfjiptkde is living in the laos, so farlwvngkohl is likely living in a colder condition than krflfjiptkde.
hpnqqnk is living in the north pole, ollseqzu is living in the laos, so hpnqqnk is likely living in a colder condition than ollseqzu.
vzzbzxlwucg is living in the north pole, oqy is living in the laos, so vzzbzxlwucg is likely living in a colder condition than oqy.
qgyr is living in the north pole, ogour is living in the laos, so qgyr is likely living in a colder condition than ogour.
ydv is living in the north pole, gbwnycztbj is living in the laos, so ydv is likely living in a colder condition than gbwnycztbj.
fguihnxt is living in the north pole, ynvlqmrmhvj is living in the laos, so ynvlqmrmhvj is likely living in a less cold condition than fguihnxt.
mjuseetbwrb is living in the north pole, hmcbvzldiceq is living in the laos, so hmcbvzldiceq is likely living in a less cold condition than mjuseetbwrb.
vounmpi is living in the north pole, chxmeyrywaoc is living in the laos, so chxmeyrywaoc is likely living in a less cold condition than vounmpi.
bbcdruwiysdb is living in the north pole, obmnenqywgmt is living in the laos, so obmnenqywgmt is likely living in a less cold condition than bbcdruwiysdb.
girhsgjwv is living in the north pole, stoooi is living in the laos, so stoooi is likely living in a less cold condition than girhsgjwv.
bghthbg is living in the north pole, cowgaxm is living in the laos, so bghthbg is not living in a less cold condition than cowgaxm.
ajypy is living in the north pole, msiigl is living in the laos, so ajypy is not living in a less cold condition than msiigl.
dbcubhgl is living in the north pole, xgrtc is living in the laos, so dbcubhgl is not living in a less cold condition than xgrtc.
rfqct is living in the north pole, mzgyxslmekvx is living in the laos, so rfqct is not living in a less cold condition than mzgyxslmekvx.
whugtpim is living in the north pole, tqpvfwcbqpg is living in the laos, so whugtpim is not living in a less cold condition than tqpvfwcbqpg.
rwwfqfuh is living in the north pole, tcytaxnbtav is living in the laos, so tcytaxnbtav is not living in a colder condition than rwwfqfuh.
szkxjinqhp is living in the north pole, eig is living in the laos, so eig is not living in a colder condition than szkxjinqhp.
viwb is living in the north pole, azepc is living in the laos, so azepc is not living in a colder condition than viwb.
vpzthchdci is living in the north pole, bmhmatjdlqi is living in the laos, so bmhmatjdlqi is not living in a colder condition than vpzthchdci.
tlg is living in the north pole, plqj is living in the laos, so plqj is not living in a colder condition than tlg.
qbeotx is a duck, tluifvrpny is a ant, so qbeotx is more likely to be in the lake than tluifvrpny
otc is a duck, thulvsjss is a ant, so otc is more likely to be in the lake than thulvsjss
pemxt is a duck, xrsfkfkb is a ant, so pemxt is more likely to be in the lake than xrsfkfkb
pxevmiddu is a duck, avfxljifpxd is a ant, so pxevmiddu is more likely to be in the lake than avfxljifpxd
npy is a duck, sojalwcw is a ant, so npy is more likely to be in the lake than sojalwcw
nxnkrpi is a duck, wdbqarw is an ant, so wdbqarw is less likely to be in the lake than nxnkrpi
lrrfewusd is a duck, rliculbxtl is an ant, so rliculbxtl is less likely to be in the lake than lrrfewusd
njyhf is a duck, blmbaq is an ant, so blmbaq is less likely to be in the lake than njyhf
uluz is a duck, dzvxedxxdd is an ant, so dzvxedxxdd is less likely to be in the lake than uluz
sakqzjvkilm is a duck, ofrgtoqjjxzg is an ant, so ofrgtoqjjxzg is less likely to be in the lake than sakqzjvkilm
ewus is a duck, ztempomelpzp is an ant, so ewus is not less likely to be in the lake than ztempomelpzp
lkggvnfus is a duck, wpd is an ant, so lkggvnfus is not less likely to be in the lake than wpd
mfkvi is a duck, jtnn is an ant, so mfkvi is not less likely to be in the lake than jtnn
xzript is a duck, xncieygvrf is an ant, so xzript is not less likely to be in the lake than xncieygvrf
zjnldah is a duck, yjckhpjq is an ant, so zjnldah is not less likely to be in the lake than yjckhpjq
fcop is a duck, lktzffenppdv is an ant, so lktzffenppdv is not more likely to be in the lake than fcop
wwkdozzkms is a duck, syabt is an ant, so syabt is not more likely to be in the lake than wwkdozzkms
hvtlw is a duck, lgdjc is an ant, so lgdjc is not more likely to be in the lake than hvtlw
amgwboeglpe is a duck, wfjcwhrkcg is an ant, so wfjcwhrkcg is not more likely to be in the lake than amgwboeglpe
iqfgpwqsad is a duck, aiqtpbwrms is an ant, so aiqtpbwrms is not more likely to be in the lake than iqfgpwqsad
bzdc is a lion, rdmrnnjzbzmy is a bird, so bzdc is more likely to be on the veldt than rdmrnnjzbzmy
jzqajbwjwhvs is a lion, yqchzvnlfvq is a bird, so jzqajbwjwhvs is more likely to be on the veldt than yqchzvnlfvq
vxhccsoq is a lion, gnbwpqspo is a bird, so vxhccsoq is more likely to be on the veldt than gnbwpqspo
dbypgpaap is a lion, cmty is a bird, so dbypgpaap is more likely to be on the veldt than cmty
yftosxiekx is a lion, uajmq is a bird, so yftosxiekx is more likely to be on the veldt than uajmq
vofpo is a lion, qsbdcorlxqrn is a bird, so qsbdcorlxqrn is less likely to be in the veldt than vofpo
zpcysvkjtxf is a lion, gphg is a bird, so gphg is less likely to be in the veldt than zpcysvkjtxf
mimzgs is a lion, wyxgmn is a bird, so wyxgmn is less likely to be in the veldt than mimzgs
yzrlvhqxenzy is a lion, antpfnklgni is a bird, so antpfnklgni is less likely to be in the veldt than yzrlvhqxenzy
lcnjadrmrf is a lion, tiugd is a bird, so tiugd is less likely to be in the veldt than lcnjadrmrf
wnv is a lion, msjklt is a bird, so wnv is not less likely to be in the veld than msjklt
zlemwkmydh is a lion, nhmyfyne is a bird, so zlemwkmydh is not less likely to be in the veld than nhmyfyne
cdlyck is a lion, ifcfowziagg is a bird, so cdlyck is not less likely to be in the veld than ifcfowziagg
iqvwrfq is a lion, yvwdfbtpaf is a bird, so iqvwrfq is not less likely to be in the veld than yvwdfbtpaf
bnwt is a lion, ubxtaedwag is a bird, so bnwt is not less likely to be in the veld than ubxtaedwag
vcgrq is a lion, mwc is a bird, so mwc is not more likely to be in the veld than vcgrq
nzqvc is a lion, yaswerwwnrr is a bird, so yaswerwwnrr is not more likely to be in the veld than nzqvc
bom is a lion, gwkprwnmzu is a bird, so gwkprwnmzu is not more likely to be in the veld than bom
urpipuprs is a lion, qtilwp is a bird, so qtilwp is not more likely to be in the veld than urpipuprs
irvjcdsgmkj is a lion, ftlnfy is a bird, so ftlnfy is not more likely to be in the veld than irvjcdsgmkj
afsmbjuui is a bee, diu is a chicken, so afsmbjuui is more likely to be in an orchard than diu
hofyuoyszcps is a bee, fkvaiyitc is a chicken, so hofyuoyszcps is more likely to be in an orchard than fkvaiyitc
bvwksugcfg is a bee, nrnhtc is a chicken, so bvwksugcfg is more likely to be in an orchard than nrnhtc
qcop is a bee, ikihhdhkeq is a chicken, so qcop is more likely to be in an orchard than ikihhdhkeq
pfkbfzvgvqgf is a bee, hejrpp is a chicken, so pfkbfzvgvqgf is more likely to be in an orchard than hejrpp
iifmq is a bee, etpn is a chicken, so etpn is less likely to be in an orchard than iifmq
bqfgik is a bee, vfhufn is a chicken, so vfhufn is less likely to be in an orchard than bqfgik
erw is a bee, sttpqsiijd is a chicken, so sttpqsiijd is less likely to be in an orchard than erw
irj is a bee, offo is a chicken, so offo is less likely to be in an orchard than irj
rsvuc is a bee, jlsrahdn is a chicken, so jlsrahdn is less likely to be in an orchard than rsvuc
jwawy is a bee, szfkpz is a chicken, so jwawy is not less likely to be in an orchard than szfkpz
kyttamtd is a bee, kuuiba is a chicken, so kyttamtd is not less likely to be in an orchard than kuuiba
vgyxgvao is a bee, sbdidcn is a chicken, so vgyxgvao is not less likely to be in an orchard than sbdidcn
bxspuhkkm is a bee, pnsb is a chicken, so bxspuhkkm is not less likely to be in an orchard than pnsb
bawseqslgbn is a bee, tfxrhsavezec is a chicken, so bawseqslgbn is not less likely to be in an orchard than tfxrhsavezec
ogyn is a bee, eespdep is a chicken, so eespdep is not more likely to be in an orchard than ogyn
ryu is a bee, qjxzhxblxlhy is a chicken, so qjxzhxblxlhy is not more likely to be in an orchard than ryu
xupjnndrru is a bee, bezvpzksx is a chicken, so bezvpzksx is not more likely to be in an orchard than xupjnndrru
iikblnrsxinp is a bee, jpntesqsxu is a chicken, so jpntesqsxu is not more likely to be in an orchard than iikblnrsxinp
jvko is a bee, tnmxs is a chicken, so tnmxs is not more likely to be in an orchard than jvko
rfidexefkei is a tiger, rdvpia is a deer, so rfidexefkei is more likely to circle its prey than rdvpia
qszvhenumko is a tiger, jcgc is a deer, so qszvhenumko is more likely to circle its prey than jcgc
ecvyhbg is a tiger, etcqopifaq is a deer, so ecvyhbg is more likely to circle its prey than etcqopifaq
qglduejqpkw is a tiger, hghscgxysh is a deer, so qglduejqpkw is more likely to circle its prey than hghscgxysh
pfpahr is a tiger, ytht is a deer, so pfpahr is more likely to circle its prey than ytht
vmvlaortzc is a tiger, jbog is a deer, so jbog is less likely to circle its prey than vmvlaortzc
bceto is a tiger, wluxqc is a deer, so wluxqc is less likely to circle its prey than bceto
etijmgwszydt is a tiger, qwxypvwne is a deer, so qwxypvwne is less likely to circle its prey than etijmgwszydt
fvfksskk is a tiger, wnhhnb is a deer, so wnhhnb is less likely to circle its prey than fvfksskk
gfjccxrugklg is a tiger, wdntypfk is a deer, so wdntypfk is less likely to circle its prey than gfjccxrugklg
jilnfq is a tiger, pamnxaf is a deer, so jilnfq is not less likely to circle its prey than pamnxaf
igvzb is a tiger, afym is a deer, so igvzb is not less likely to circle its prey than afym
aayebx is a tiger, lecoq is a deer, so aayebx is not less likely to circle its prey than lecoq
czljuyejk is a tiger, azyev is a deer, so czljuyejk is not less likely to circle its prey than azyev
vmi is a tiger, dbjghi is a deer, so vmi is not less likely to circle its prey than dbjghi
pxif is a tiger, vtzh is a deer, so vtzh is not more likely to circle its prey than pxif
jyumcfhag is a tiger, jkhhrgmih is a deer, so jkhhrgmih is not more likely to circle its prey than jyumcfhag
gvnlhmm is a tiger, qdecdsbvfz is a deer, so qdecdsbvfz is not more likely to circle its prey than gvnlhmm
vdugv is a tiger, vqbggawqvi is a deer, so vqbggawqvi is not more likely to circle its prey than vdugv
qewznmrlq is a tiger, xdvgpdxp is a deer, so xdvgpdxp is not more likely to circle its prey than qewznmrlq
gtjromcqt is a bear, hvgyb is a monkey, so gtjromcqt is more likely to be in a meadow than hvgyb
jadfbwz is a bear, eppmtdznumh is a monkey, so jadfbwz is more likely to be in a meadow than eppmtdznumh
avmewmbi is a bear, ikzijoaqvp is a monkey, so avmewmbi is more likely to be in a meadow than ikzijoaqvp
vdfksh is a bear, tvnrgurfz is a monkey, so vdfksh is more likely to be in a meadow than tvnrgurfz
olncnmkglum is a bear, fhdfm is a monkey, so olncnmkglum is more likely to be in a meadow than fhdfm
wdndvdtqpd is a bear, qwfc is a monkey, so qwfc is less likely to be in a meadow than wdndvdtqpd
inayvfgas is a bear, xepheyps is a monkey, so xepheyps is less likely to be in a meadow than inayvfgas
igjnwdtpwxk is a bear, wly is a monkey, so wly is less likely to be in a meadow than igjnwdtpwxk
fdyefihyyqar is a bear, ydz is a monkey, so ydz is less likely to be in a meadow than fdyefihyyqar
stdt is a bear, lermr is a monkey, so lermr is less likely to be in a meadow than stdt
lhmbrgcvhf is a bear, qwppymxi is a monkey, so lhmbrgcvhf is not less likely to be in a meadow than qwppymxi
fpqq is a bear, lupjjaowkyg is a monkey, so fpqq is not less likely to be in a meadow than lupjjaowkyg
vxktfx is a bear, lbdbpvqwcst is a monkey, so vxktfx is not less likely to be in a meadow than lbdbpvqwcst
rjbyovpxiq is a bear, duxky is a monkey, so rjbyovpxiq is not less likely to be in a meadow than duxky
xro is a bear, izegvwjv is a monkey, so xro is not less likely to be in a meadow than izegvwjv
uuom is a bear, yql is a monkey, so yql is not more likely to be in a meadow than uuom
mxyfalcz is a bear, wxmndhiu is a monkey, so wxmndhiu is not more likely to be in a meadow than mxyfalcz
dxv is a bear, hzccvy is a monkey, so hzccvy is not more likely to be in a meadow than dxv
kjkuhfmcqbbv is a bear, txvvyfhwmvf is a monkey, so txvvyfhwmvf is not more likely to be in a meadow than kjkuhfmcqbbv
dlj is a bear, cpkkzbanmct is a monkey, so cpkkzbanmct is not more likely to be in a meadow than dlj
lkumgjoyynyx is a dog, focnzhuzmi is a fish, so lkumgjoyynyx is more likely to be in a kennel than focnzhuzmi
llhttag is a dog, fciyo is a fish, so llhttag is more likely to be in a kennel than fciyo
fxmlzd is a dog, yvetuwvkltdp is a fish, so fxmlzd is more likely to be in a kennel than yvetuwvkltdp
crgjfvbh is a dog, iama is a fish, so crgjfvbh is more likely to be in a kennel than iama
iguwiouwqtn is a dog, wythwdckqju is a fish, so iguwiouwqtn is more likely to be in a kennel than wythwdckqju
irmxmshcvy is a dog, eicslazpya is a fish, so eicslazpya is less likely to be in a kennel than irmxmshcvy
jdwfvtnl is a dog, gxexomymjpfj is a fish, so gxexomymjpfj is less likely to be in a kennel than jdwfvtnl
baqdaywae is a dog, wyqjpgccabhv is a fish, so wyqjpgccabhv is less likely to be in a kennel than baqdaywae
phur is a dog, muqekptwgy is a fish, so muqekptwgy is less likely to be in a kennel than phur
tvcueyajndel is a dog, awuowih is a fish, so awuowih is less likely to be in a kennel than tvcueyajndel
fhpbp is a dog, gkbmxjggq is a fish, so fhpbp is not less likely to be in a kennel than gkbmxjggq
dltqsgv is a dog, zdwt is a fish, so dltqsgv is not less likely to be in a kennel than zdwt
tbeelazve is a dog, urrcabwnng is a fish, so tbeelazve is not less likely to be in a kennel than urrcabwnng
veogsttu is a dog, egytvteu is a fish, so veogsttu is not less likely to be in a kennel than egytvteu
kkepxqnsl is a dog, bdi is a fish, so kkepxqnsl is not less likely to be in a kennel than bdi
tyzpfuin is a dog, wupwtfosl is a fish, so wupwtfosl is not more likely to be in a kennel than tyzpfuin
oxwflgu is a dog, bvakmbpawb is a fish, so bvakmbpawb is not more likely to be in a kennel than oxwflgu
gmkuhkbb is a dog, dtnaql is a fish, so dtnaql is not more likely to be in a kennel than gmkuhkbb
lfc is a dog, mivg is a fish, so mivg is not more likely to be in a kennel than lfc
ueh is a dog, rzhi is a fish, so rzhi is not more likely to be in a kennel than ueh
hyarayfco is a sheep, yyvycnbqivp is a crocodile, so hyarayfco is less likely to live in a field than yyvycnbqivp
qder is a sheep, ledtjxhh is a crocodile, so qder is less likely to live in a field than ledtjxhh
wlaekqo is a sheep, oqkuxetzw is a crocodile, so wlaekqo is less likely to live in a field than oqkuxetzw
avhju is a sheep, yzqek is a crocodile, so avhju is less likely to live in a field than yzqek
gtxpdxqte is a sheep, jbjuydjwd is a crocodile, so gtxpdxqte is less likely to live in a field than jbjuydjwd
vdl is a sheep, oml is a crocodile, so oml is less likely to live in a field than vdl
wzcifelj is a sheep, eompgddfnn is a crocodile, so eompgddfnn is less likely to live in a field than wzcifelj
jrfrlgrx is a sheep, wneadrnx is a crocodile, so wneadrnx is less likely to live in a field than jrfrlgrx
aipdgif is a sheep, cuuxmgzubhle is a crocodile, so cuuxmgzubhle is less likely to live in a field than aipdgif
hzc is a sheep, eyfsteaxa is a crocodile, so eyfsteaxa is less likely to live in a field than hzc
aplpmmhbcp is a sheep, nhlficjyxpb is a crocodile, so aplpmmhbcp is not more likely to live in a field than nhlficjyxpb
artwsnvfpec is a sheep, uprlmgcjo is a crocodile, so artwsnvfpec is not more likely to live in a field than uprlmgcjo
jufouscjopeg is a sheep, maxhzo is a crocodile, so jufouscjopeg is not more likely to live in a field than maxhzo
ztcoiqqpvsn is a sheep, vtqglegzjeh is a crocodile, so ztcoiqqpvsn is not more likely to live in a field than vtqglegzjeh
btlsjgu is a sheep, egpogacyucp is a crocodile, so btlsjgu is not more likely to live in a field than egpogacyucp
ruecktffbv is a sheep, xldxeirrglb is a crocodile, so xldxeirrglb is not more likely to live in a field than ruecktffbv
ifvdcqmxy is a sheep, udthe is a crocodile, so udthe is not more likely to live in a field than ifvdcqmxy
ctfhfghaseoh is a sheep, bjlowjqzoh is a crocodile, so bjlowjqzoh is not more likely to live in a field than ctfhfghaseoh
zouzjpjxgm is a sheep, easko is a crocodile, so easko is not more likely to live in a field than zouzjpjxgm
lwxujryh is a sheep, zoz is a crocodile, so zoz is not more likely to live in a field than lwxujryh
xuhqmwc is a sheep, nisnewkgiiz is a spider, so xuhqmwc is more likely to graze than nisnewkgiiz
zxysmz is a sheep, gdom is a spider, so zxysmz is more likely to graze than gdom
kwel is a sheep, aiobozwk is a spider, so kwel is more likely to graze than aiobozwk
ivbllcqp is a sheep, vaoci is a spider, so ivbllcqp is more likely to graze than vaoci
awzpgj is a sheep, enf is a spider, so awzpgj is more likely to graze than enf
uvzixo is a sheep, ishvxrx is a spider, so ishvxrx is less likely to graze than uvzixo
fafkz is a sheep, tvbljyiefk is a spider, so tvbljyiefk is less likely to graze than fafkz
mwqxkjrdb is a sheep, zzsbiamgvfg is a spider, so zzsbiamgvfg is less likely to graze than mwqxkjrdb
mfxch is a sheep, undmjua is a spider, so undmjua is less likely to graze than mfxch
eabybkwptzp is a sheep, fcc is a spider, so fcc is less likely to graze than eabybkwptzp
czdygbmg is a sheep, aqgaposqzpxg is a spider, so czdygbmg is not less likely to graze than aqgaposqzpxg
bosjmegeqk is a sheep, wjbx is a spider, so bosjmegeqk is not less likely to graze than wjbx
ixexnfrwdk is a sheep, mjjngszos is a spider, so ixexnfrwdk is not less likely to graze than mjjngszos
egwp is a sheep, qaepthxdxhnq is a spider, so egwp is not less likely to graze than qaepthxdxhnq
utidwh is a sheep, vpiwbbi is a spider, so utidwh is not less likely to graze than vpiwbbi
vtb is a sheep, amsptkteq is a spider, so amsptkteq is not more likely to graze than vtb
dcrkmlnp is a sheep, trnbnhqnjcl is a spider, so trnbnhqnjcl is not more likely to graze than dcrkmlnp
fckcd is a sheep, trffeplymq is a spider, so trffeplymq is not more likely to graze than fckcd
wceonqdhoufv is a sheep, evmvxqmwoyq is a spider, so evmvxqmwoyq is not more likely to graze than wceonqdhoufv
jutogg is a sheep, gmwwxaxnjal is a spider, so gmwwxaxnjal is not more likely to graze than jutogg
irerbh is a bird, mnqvdzen is a zebra, so irerbh is more likely to be on a roof than mnqvdzen
rkidmaic is a bird, tpit is a zebra, so rkidmaic is more likely to be on a roof than tpit
cteskdbsi is a bird, dnahumugzb is a zebra, so cteskdbsi is more likely to be on a roof than dnahumugzb
aggwzqi is a bird, juwzjxpq is a zebra, so aggwzqi is more likely to be on a roof than juwzjxpq
qsqjmqw is a bird, wgkbkw is a zebra, so qsqjmqw is more likely to be on a roof than wgkbkw
imj is a bird, pvvlbalem is a zebra, so pvvlbalem is less likely to be on a roof than imj
szwbqckryi is a bird, yay is a zebra, so yay is less likely to be on a roof than szwbqckryi
ckwsjqt is a bird, uujlqgv is a zebra, so uujlqgv is less likely to be on a roof than ckwsjqt
pivuqsizz is a bird, lgrrdqf is a zebra, so lgrrdqf is less likely to be on a roof than pivuqsizz
qisa is a bird, fryuldgrkl is a zebra, so fryuldgrkl is less likely to be on a roof than qisa
hntodrjdc is a bird, ndib is a zebra, so hntodrjdc is not less likely to be on a roof than ndib
faunah is a bird, yanjxoi is a zebra, so faunah is not less likely to be on a roof than yanjxoi
kwkshx is a bird, dtgqsjjcsrel is a zebra, so kwkshx is not less likely to be on a roof than dtgqsjjcsrel
nvz is a bird, bcissnwc is a zebra, so nvz is not less likely to be on a roof than bcissnwc
ksb is a bird, fmrtj is a zebra, so ksb is not less likely to be on a roof than fmrtj
eiwejgqqh is a bird, ccmjelp is a zebra, so ccmjelp is not more likely to be on a roof than eiwejgqqh
iuih is a bird, plvwxryqjdaw is a zebra, so plvwxryqjdaw is not more likely to be on a roof than iuih
ydkvlamzytmn is a bird, obwlx is a zebra, so obwlx is not more likely to be on a roof than ydkvlamzytmn
mykzsdgz is a bird, ksfkxfpqxk is a zebra, so ksfkxfpqxk is not more likely to be on a roof than mykzsdgz
ngjesqkxsw is a bird, zokexaubudw is a zebra, so zokexaubudw is not more likely to be on a roof than ngjesqkxsw
bkvqz is a bird, gkfd is a dog, so bkvqz is more likely to sing than gkfd
stq is a bird, yiff is a dog, so stq is more likely to sing than yiff
tllbuechplbs is a bird, rzxvzlmyc is a dog, so tllbuechplbs is more likely to sing than rzxvzlmyc
lpzon is a bird, ykxdewicvpul is a dog, so lpzon is more likely to sing than ykxdewicvpul
rvrtgz is a bird, kwo is a dog, so rvrtgz is more likely to sing than kwo
xllibva is a bird, sobokfeed is a dog, so sobokfeed is less likely to sing than xllibva
icygn is a bird, uct is a dog, so uct is less likely to sing than icygn
ckktrtwvgrl is a bird, mtqozh is a dog, so mtqozh is less likely to sing than ckktrtwvgrl
ofgoyjlnpgib is a bird, yojxkldrwnjz is a dog, so yojxkldrwnjz is less likely to sing than ofgoyjlnpgib
fzwgozpi is a bird, wvjnkdxwlngc is a dog, so wvjnkdxwlngc is less likely to sing than fzwgozpi
zatdnwluui is a bird, zcdxicymwruj is a dog, so zatdnwluui is not less likely to sing than zcdxicymwruj
mckyiyw is a bird, xroyq is a dog, so mckyiyw is not less likely to sing than xroyq
cmyjda is a bird, sbixgglhzx is a dog, so cmyjda is not less likely to sing than sbixgglhzx
waxlw is a bird, skgnf is a dog, so waxlw is not less likely to sing than skgnf
juee is a bird, bpxgukt is a dog, so juee is not less likely to sing than bpxgukt
ijpgfhkdls is a bird, kqdqzhtc is a dog, so kqdqzhtc is not more likely to sing than ijpgfhkdls
qnhul is a bird, yusxbepv is a dog, so yusxbepv is not more likely to sing than qnhul
psymeeesjjuq is a bird, iza is a dog, so iza is not more likely to sing than psymeeesjjuq
tfvorxsosv is a bird, jfzjcdvf is a dog, so jfzjcdvf is not more likely to sing than tfvorxsosv
heam is a bird, wvoobmkzxd is a dog, so wvoobmkzxd is not more likely to sing than heam
stivskp is a rabbit, atabc is a lion, so stivskp is more likely to appear suddenly than atabc
akgcceaqpqwn is a rabbit, rka is a lion, so akgcceaqpqwn is more likely to appear suddenly than rka
vnkhnjejzzl is a rabbit, nvzeqtvjwv is a lion, so vnkhnjejzzl is more likely to appear suddenly than nvzeqtvjwv
coiv is a rabbit, fup is a lion, so coiv is more likely to appear suddenly than fup
lsywvydmlhc is a rabbit, druryzz is a lion, so lsywvydmlhc is more likely to appear suddenly than druryzz
hljkfcwkzhgh is a rabbit, gxfl is a lion, so gxfl is less likely to appear suddenly than hljkfcwkzhgh
dih is a rabbit, ycrdpl is a lion, so ycrdpl is less likely to appear suddenly than dih
lmncvkrqw is a rabbit, lydy is a lion, so lydy is less likely to appear suddenly than lmncvkrqw
zgxydgsk is a rabbit, bforbcadb is a lion, so bforbcadb is less likely to appear suddenly than zgxydgsk
kwh is a rabbit, miedxosjsfu is a lion, so miedxosjsfu is less likely to appear suddenly than kwh
entjbazi is a rabbit, fgrvfnfj is a lion, so entjbazi is not less likely to appear suddenly than fgrvfnfj
uxqcz is a rabbit, bdaqr is a lion, so uxqcz is not less likely to appear suddenly than bdaqr
wghtmt is a rabbit, elrue is a lion, so wghtmt is not less likely to appear suddenly than elrue
saz is a rabbit, tqaridvzxcbt is a lion, so saz is not less likely to appear suddenly than tqaridvzxcbt
ruylblv is a rabbit, gibyjgtut is a lion, so ruylblv is not less likely to appear suddenly than gibyjgtut
nlvmq is a rabbit, vdnlq is a lion, so vdnlq is not more likely to appear suddenly than nlvmq
ftyvgtfvrxl is a rabbit, vfssgu is a lion, so vfssgu is not more likely to appear suddenly than ftyvgtfvrxl
bkqahz is a rabbit, npi is a lion, so npi is not more likely to appear suddenly than bkqahz
woniu is a rabbit, qoeuvncphu is a lion, so qoeuvncphu is not more likely to appear suddenly than woniu
ouhiphte is a rabbit, knrhmmmfdbze is a lion, so knrhmmmfdbze is not more likely to appear suddenly than ouhiphte
vkxsvwrjwmq is a horse, ewvpnxnhomo is a kangaroo, so vkxsvwrjwmq is more likely to step high than ewvpnxnhomo
jlk is a horse, tsn is a kangaroo, so jlk is more likely to step high than tsn
paivqtmpf is a horse, pawitqdxj is a kangaroo, so paivqtmpf is more likely to step high than pawitqdxj
rzlg is a horse, dpgljug is a kangaroo, so rzlg is more likely to step high than dpgljug
zwwcwdyu is a horse, aoxmqgg is a kangaroo, so zwwcwdyu is more likely to step high than aoxmqgg
ffzwyrstv is a horse, bpclpssylgn is a kangaroo, so bpclpssylgn is less likely to step high than ffzwyrstv
huegayzzmvdd is a horse, idqeh is a kangaroo, so idqeh is less likely to step high than huegayzzmvdd
mrtqjufh is a horse, hahuh is a kangaroo, so hahuh is less likely to step high than mrtqjufh
zjwy is a horse, spoqghtcmr is a kangaroo, so spoqghtcmr is less likely to step high than zjwy
ittjufjmqr is a horse, btxtfijx is a kangaroo, so btxtfijx is less likely to step high than ittjufjmqr
gtwkpelpfn is a horse, mvwpqlkyr is a kangaroo, so gtwkpelpfn is not less step high than mvwpqlkyr
uqvvhw is a horse, ocwhzqaxx is a kangaroo, so uqvvhw is not less step high than ocwhzqaxx
yomzpeqdbrtq is a horse, whvwrdpyhpgq is a kangaroo, so yomzpeqdbrtq is not less step high than whvwrdpyhpgq
bcnyl is a horse, zrkkvzaphl is a kangaroo, so bcnyl is not less step high than zrkkvzaphl
zurlet is a horse, uvvfsyxmorw is a kangaroo, so zurlet is not less step high than uvvfsyxmorw
pqugbd is a horse, koiuzccoqf is a kangaroo, so koiuzccoqf is not more step high than pqugbd
nmezpc is a horse, qylhgwjoce is a kangaroo, so qylhgwjoce is not more step high than nmezpc
hhnys is a horse, hxdkbbul is a kangaroo, so hxdkbbul is not more step high than hhnys
kprimrwkbz is a horse, vhsnyvcgg is a kangaroo, so vhsnyvcgg is not more step high than kprimrwkbz
krdggzbkpp is a horse, xriqybeklc is a kangaroo, so xriqybeklc is not more step high than krdggzbkpp
zebsbhqgyij is a lion, hfld is a eagle, so zebsbhqgyij is more likely to be on the veldt than hfld
quyy is a lion, deiniwlljoi is a eagle, so quyy is more likely to be on the veldt than deiniwlljoi
qwwsnrak is a lion, xgzwijwwftbp is a eagle, so qwwsnrak is more likely to be on the veldt than xgzwijwwftbp
rzgpdpbqsnu is a lion, qcc is a eagle, so rzgpdpbqsnu is more likely to be on the veldt than qcc
cndrjtwe is a lion, hpgz is a eagle, so cndrjtwe is more likely to be on the veldt than hpgz
dkebzeq is a lion, rdmkwri is a eagle, so rdmkwri is less likely to be in the veldt than dkebzeq
xpxck is a lion, sbqjohdpks is a eagle, so sbqjohdpks is less likely to be in the veldt than xpxck
altu is a lion, kujsl is a eagle, so kujsl is less likely to be in the veldt than altu
jsfgi is a lion, gtri is a eagle, so gtri is less likely to be in the veldt than jsfgi
vvogaavkpa is a lion, gnyoncvyhk is a eagle, so gnyoncvyhk is less likely to be in the veldt than vvogaavkpa
uateebii is a lion, tbxxrbs is a eagle, so uateebii is not less likely to be in the veld than tbxxrbs
dvlvyngw is a lion, njsld is a eagle, so dvlvyngw is not less likely to be in the veld than njsld
itlhucs is a lion, sswxyyrsfzw is a eagle, so itlhucs is not less likely to be in the veld than sswxyyrsfzw
wvqiqjwx is a lion, amz is a eagle, so wvqiqjwx is not less likely to be in the veld than amz
zmyit is a lion, zfkemavpl is a eagle, so zmyit is not less likely to be in the veld than zfkemavpl
ysqljsd is a lion, fgxqffohtbfg is a eagle, so fgxqffohtbfg is not more likely to be in the veld than ysqljsd
glgbkmtcajqo is a lion, lvawehmz is a eagle, so lvawehmz is not more likely to be in the veld than glgbkmtcajqo
oeygth is a lion, tfpqrap is a eagle, so tfpqrap is not more likely to be in the veld than oeygth
pybrigwblv is a lion, leeikq is a eagle, so leeikq is not more likely to be in the veld than pybrigwblv
sbhrwoeza is a lion, hoajasak is a eagle, so hoajasak is not more likely to be in the veld than sbhrwoeza
hbzdb is a cow, ckqiozr is a panda, so hbzdb is more likely to be in a slaughter house than ckqiozr
xysvy is a cow, snsdahc is a panda, so xysvy is more likely to be in a slaughter house than snsdahc
rhsytkpvsvju is a cow, htpzw is a panda, so rhsytkpvsvju is more likely to be in a slaughter house than htpzw
qksrad is a cow, vdevbqn is a panda, so qksrad is more likely to be in a slaughter house than vdevbqn
ckqnyuddpiud is a cow, nvxybj is a panda, so ckqnyuddpiud is more likely to be in a slaughter house than nvxybj
znkbexvodny is a cow, llfcb is a panda, so llfcb is less likely to be in a slaughter house than znkbexvodny
wohxmoyfbp is a cow, tyjwbxbr is a panda, so tyjwbxbr is less likely to be in a slaughter house than wohxmoyfbp
kmq is a cow, qqpmra is a panda, so qqpmra is less likely to be in a slaughter house than kmq
uxmt is a cow, stuck is a panda, so stuck is less likely to be in a slaughter house than uxmt
raeu is a cow, ofocfqrgopcq is a panda, so ofocfqrgopcq is less likely to be in a slaughter house than raeu
jpm is a cow, wrksvo is a panda, so jpm is not less likely to be in a slaughter house than wrksvo
tutug is a cow, bvjolotl is a panda, so tutug is not less likely to be in a slaughter house than bvjolotl
ceogzhdrcy is a cow, oqhlrruegwm is a panda, so ceogzhdrcy is not less likely to be in a slaughter house than oqhlrruegwm
zywkrks is a cow, dzdej is a panda, so zywkrks is not less likely to be in a slaughter house than dzdej
tomcedzds is a cow, qjptmfmwdpdu is a panda, so tomcedzds is not less likely to be in a slaughter house than qjptmfmwdpdu
vswuk is a cow, fgr is a panda, so fgr is not more likely to be in a slaughter house than vswuk
bnmouspo is a cow, ztyoyv is a panda, so ztyoyv is not more likely to be in a slaughter house than bnmouspo
nrw is a cow, gwirtog is a panda, so gwirtog is not more likely to be in a slaughter house than nrw
pxabix is a cow, oegocnc is a panda, so oegocnc is not more likely to be in a slaughter house than pxabix
lrp is a cow, ndtcoojcmsgb is a panda, so ndtcoojcmsgb is not more likely to be in a slaughter house than lrp
oukrgardzkb is a cow, jbqmifkf is a snail, so oukrgardzkb is more likely to jump over the moon than jbqmifkf
xuclbksmgpb is a cow, dtbowlepnzw is a snail, so xuclbksmgpb is more likely to jump over the moon than dtbowlepnzw
ghisiyxm is a cow, rtk is a snail, so ghisiyxm is more likely to jump over the moon than rtk
balkkstlcd is a cow, tgoucwvxd is a snail, so balkkstlcd is more likely to jump over the moon than tgoucwvxd
uzrdpcwqq is a cow, ezmbr is a snail, so uzrdpcwqq is more likely to jump over the moon than ezmbr
gezeqpsgyc is a cow, wit is a snail, so wit is less likely to jump over the moon than gezeqpsgyc
bycsnfuc is a cow, vnchrwghii is a snail, so vnchrwghii is less likely to jump over the moon than bycsnfuc
prp is a cow, ujfidcejsy is a snail, so ujfidcejsy is less likely to jump over the moon than prp
slfwb is a cow, zzh is a snail, so zzh is less likely to jump over the moon than slfwb
bkmxgzshksq is a cow, mkbadlyskx is a snail, so mkbadlyskx is less likely to jump over the moon than bkmxgzshksq
mwlbr is a cow, wwz is a snail, so mwlbr is not more likely to jump over the moon than wwz
ldmasunz is a cow, dbkttkcoiim is a snail, so ldmasunz is not more likely to jump over the moon than dbkttkcoiim
ydzqata is a cow, hyybsdtby is a snail, so ydzqata is not more likely to jump over the moon than hyybsdtby
vfbmmgnlwc is a cow, cdaicgdkpz is a snail, so vfbmmgnlwc is not more likely to jump over the moon than cdaicgdkpz
lrwhci is a cow, vzeweazch is a snail, so lrwhci is not more likely to jump over the moon than vzeweazch
ylxn is a cow, pqwzbqw is a snail, so pqwzbqw is not more likely to jump over the moon than ylxn
hfcitsvbcxv is a cow, ahjmuxuriczf is a snail, so ahjmuxuriczf is not more likely to jump over the moon than hfcitsvbcxv
rjfsob is a cow, riultrftxo is a snail, so riultrftxo is not more likely to jump over the moon than rjfsob
vaese is a cow, hgaotfwfscfc is a snail, so hgaotfwfscfc is not more likely to jump over the moon than vaese
lgnxcc is a cow, eeqrj is a snail, so eeqrj is not more likely to jump over the moon than lgnxcc
web is a fox, edrsfegatxs is a fish, so web is more likely to be in the foxhunt than edrsfegatxs
wqzktqrrntqg is a fox, qcbuycw is a fish, so wqzktqrrntqg is more likely to be in the foxhunt than qcbuycw
ilb is a fox, fxsjxbtlorig is a fish, so ilb is more likely to be in the foxhunt than fxsjxbtlorig
hlw is a fox, lvpmefw is a fish, so hlw is more likely to be in the foxhunt than lvpmefw
pvklmbuifm is a fox, dwjpoy is a fish, so pvklmbuifm is more likely to be in the foxhunt than dwjpoy
bnhtzzthmnn is a fox, zvm is a fish, so zvm is less likely to be in the foxhunt than bnhtzzthmnn
thmjlktud is a fox, rqubuxa is a fish, so rqubuxa is less likely to be in the foxhunt than thmjlktud
myugopwxtgpm is a fox, ukyopddl is a fish, so ukyopddl is less likely to be in the foxhunt than myugopwxtgpm
hhocwne is a fox, jpofy is a fish, so jpofy is less likely to be in the foxhunt than hhocwne
vjcf is a fox, oiwzpxgsf is a fish, so oiwzpxgsf is less likely to be in the foxhunt than vjcf
eadqlrhw is a fox, kdaeicjhjsc is a fish, so eadqlrhw is not less likely to be in the foxhunt than kdaeicjhjsc
kvxxwssi is a fox, dpkun is a fish, so kvxxwssi is not less likely to be in the foxhunt than dpkun
eevakytmgzw is a fox, ihilhlbekksm is a fish, so eevakytmgzw is not less likely to be in the foxhunt than ihilhlbekksm
slxrlfvspd is a fox, hqhqha is a fish, so slxrlfvspd is not less likely to be in the foxhunt than hqhqha
anapydf is a fox, wjshkb is a fish, so anapydf is not less likely to be in the foxhunt than wjshkb
pfnozr is a fox, ioxk is a fish, so ioxk is not more likely to be in the foxhunt than pfnozr
epcwqzibkk is a fox, hwbajlioklnb is a fish, so hwbajlioklnb is not more likely to be in the foxhunt than epcwqzibkk
jgt is a fox, inbm is a fish, so inbm is not more likely to be in the foxhunt than jgt
hyp is a fox, faarngsulo is a fish, so faarngsulo is not more likely to be in the foxhunt than hyp
juuljbh is a fox, zyuuheko is a fish, so zyuuheko is not more likely to be in the foxhunt than juuljbh
fmjoh is a lion, qla is a rat, so fmjoh will sound more scary than qla
mhruwblmq is a lion, uqqyi is a rat, so mhruwblmq will sound more scary than uqqyi
lixia is a lion, nkbibzidkfoj is a rat, so lixia will sound more scary than nkbibzidkfoj
lzwnjmsbf is a lion, yczycirgki is a rat, so lzwnjmsbf will sound more scary than yczycirgki
sclfm is a lion, mjrvghbfg is a rat, so sclfm will sound more scary than mjrvghbfg
frpsdyeusqcg is a lion, kcrtutdwxb is a rat, so kcrtutdwxb should sound less scary than frpsdyeusqcg
jmlcu is a lion, guu is a rat, so guu should sound less scary than jmlcu
pxakwvzneenw is a lion, sekcjfhht is a rat, so sekcjfhht should sound less scary than pxakwvzneenw
sotzt is a lion, jpleleuwobu is a rat, so jpleleuwobu should sound less scary than sotzt
qhggakzflyqv is a lion, tvutuztfx is a rat, so tvutuztfx should sound less scary than qhggakzflyqv
ewnlsoar is a lion, axonbeht is a rat, so ewnlsoar is not less scary than axonbeht
cqiqacqmsjcn is a lion, nswkvh is a rat, so cqiqacqmsjcn is not less scary than nswkvh
tdxpbtmyhe is a lion, ekawahouef is a rat, so tdxpbtmyhe is not less scary than ekawahouef
fyw is a lion, rszvktqyzf is a rat, so fyw is not less scary than rszvktqyzf
oodtigxrqoto is a lion, wtukntgdq is a rat, so oodtigxrqoto is not less scary than wtukntgdq
hnqkvpquyw is a lion, uencu is a rat, so uencu is not more scary than hnqkvpquyw
dhyvtjndyw is a lion, rjvna is a rat, so rjvna is not more scary than dhyvtjndyw
nmeownolu is a lion, gkiwwkvuqhu is a rat, so gkiwwkvuqhu is not more scary than nmeownolu
wrzkoh is a lion, vmlchapbyf is a rat, so vmlchapbyf is not more scary than wrzkoh
gsrrrngs is a lion, llabsfji is a rat, so llabsfji is not more scary than gsrrrngs
fbe is a goat, pwa is a wolf, so fbe is more likely to be in the barn than pwa
irj is a goat, ihxss is a wolf, so irj is more likely to be in the barn than ihxss
nkhutjopff is a goat, grucqkbtft is a wolf, so nkhutjopff is more likely to be in the barn than grucqkbtft
ejowfpme is a goat, bhkxkxzfmg is a wolf, so ejowfpme is more likely to be in the barn than bhkxkxzfmg
eewhx is a goat, xfqmuqbhff is a wolf, so eewhx is more likely to be in the barn than xfqmuqbhff
dwtrrbduvhy is a goat, lyyg is a wolf, so lyyg is less likely to be in the barn than dwtrrbduvhy
swnpjuziphpy is a goat, hmjatal is a wolf, so hmjatal is less likely to be in the barn than swnpjuziphpy
gxuozpnd is a goat, lcmcpe is a wolf, so lcmcpe is less likely to be in the barn than gxuozpnd
fturstpxyt is a goat, lsomc is a wolf, so lsomc is less likely to be in the barn than fturstpxyt
gdrftdmujja is a goat, tkfcpxvayuyi is a wolf, so tkfcpxvayuyi is less likely to be in the barn than gdrftdmujja
gcpytsjuicj is a goat, maiznoui is a wolf, so gcpytsjuicj is not less likely to be in the barn than maiznoui
pipkkb is a goat, fmrgdgga is a wolf, so pipkkb is not less likely to be in the barn than fmrgdgga
dzxjtnsdm is a goat, hwrxaatdvbjv is a wolf, so dzxjtnsdm is not less likely to be in the barn than hwrxaatdvbjv
oouac is a goat, jnfcaga is a wolf, so oouac is not less likely to be in the barn than jnfcaga
yvlzevdxrb is a goat, fgqynvcm is a wolf, so yvlzevdxrb is not less likely to be in the barn than fgqynvcm
emn is a goat, vaozl is a wolf, so vaozl is not more likely to be in the barn than emn
amkqtlkoms is a goat, fmfi is a wolf, so fmfi is not more likely to be in the barn than amkqtlkoms
bphyrtkjoy is a goat, avmxbgiw is a wolf, so avmxbgiw is not more likely to be in the barn than bphyrtkjoy
bjymjsmqlnf is a goat, xtrhkf is a wolf, so xtrhkf is not more likely to be in the barn than bjymjsmqlnf
umh is a goat, pmyhwczujoe is a wolf, so pmyhwczujoe is not more likely to be in the barn than umh
aqiblx is a squirrel, ztgoazed is a panda, so aqiblx is more likely to store nuts than ztgoazed
oucxjvjtx is a squirrel, ebgcheesdsck is a panda, so oucxjvjtx is more likely to store nuts than ebgcheesdsck
ubbgudzrootc is a squirrel, mjddphpwfxa is a panda, so ubbgudzrootc is more likely to store nuts than mjddphpwfxa
mfqf is a squirrel, wdgklgeext is a panda, so mfqf is more likely to store nuts than wdgklgeext
nebovvojiay is a squirrel, umqrld is a panda, so nebovvojiay is more likely to store nuts than umqrld
ayxbjhxayuc is a squirrel, wppimxzw is a panda, so wppimxzw is less likely to store nuts than ayxbjhxayuc
zyzjie is a squirrel, flysfidobzoi is a panda, so flysfidobzoi is less likely to store nuts than zyzjie
rbvu is a squirrel, lnrypjtx is a panda, so lnrypjtx is less likely to store nuts than rbvu
yfuhgpvegq is a squirrel, posvsn is a panda, so posvsn is less likely to store nuts than yfuhgpvegq
arjuc is a squirrel, jwoexutivcrr is a panda, so jwoexutivcrr is less likely to store nuts than arjuc
qzegmzj is a squirrel, ftw is a panda, so qzegmzj is not less likely to store nuts than ftw
mlahddvqsl is a squirrel, hlifzuyjwtcd is a panda, so mlahddvqsl is not less likely to store nuts than hlifzuyjwtcd
zjhlqzdfsvcs is a squirrel, fwcsihevsghk is a panda, so zjhlqzdfsvcs is not less likely to store nuts than fwcsihevsghk
afmbuqf is a squirrel, vbjdnnqbdiu is a panda, so afmbuqf is not less likely to store nuts than vbjdnnqbdiu
lyohzvm is a squirrel, vgdkhjeo is a panda, so lyohzvm is not less likely to store nuts than vgdkhjeo
acfuof is a squirrel, icmiqw is a panda, so icmiqw is not more likely to store nuts than acfuof
sthjxvjnkp is a squirrel, zdevi is a panda, so zdevi is not more likely to store nuts than sthjxvjnkp
auj is a squirrel, jmtz is a panda, so jmtz is not more likely to store nuts than auj
knbircxqtm is a squirrel, vtohjtpevez is a panda, so vtohjtpevez is not more likely to store nuts than knbircxqtm
jztxzinceuac is a squirrel, dddmerk is a panda, so dddmerk is not more likely to store nuts than jztxzinceuac
ipnxtr is a frog, ngqphgmalvc is a seal, so ipnxtr is more likely to be on the lawn than ngqphgmalvc
jtmbjc is a frog, vfzywked is a seal, so jtmbjc is more likely to be on the lawn than vfzywked
jbmrkckcg is a frog, ecxxcboeyqft is a seal, so jbmrkckcg is more likely to be on the lawn than ecxxcboeyqft
omyclo is a frog, henfgby is a seal, so omyclo is more likely to be on the lawn than henfgby
wukxcaybzs is a frog, xnsyodhtmru is a seal, so wukxcaybzs is more likely to be on the lawn than xnsyodhtmru
qqfggsqobmq is a frog, ghcyvta is a seal, so ghcyvta is less likely to be on the lawn than qqfggsqobmq
ahd is a frog, clpbiw is a seal, so clpbiw is less likely to be on the lawn than ahd
syucqhaysgdd is a frog, ulq is a seal, so ulq is less likely to be on the lawn than syucqhaysgdd
oagraoazywi is a frog, jxvdrb is a seal, so jxvdrb is less likely to be on the lawn than oagraoazywi
guibsw is a frog, jkd is a seal, so jkd is less likely to be on the lawn than guibsw
cnrmvb is a frog, krpu is a seal, so cnrmvb is not less likely to be on the lawn than krpu
czsolelj is a frog, wyaxlpxr is a seal, so czsolelj is not less likely to be on the lawn than wyaxlpxr
iuxx is a frog, agsmbglhk is a seal, so iuxx is not less likely to be on the lawn than agsmbglhk
yezgjocye is a frog, paljqz is a seal, so yezgjocye is not less likely to be on the lawn than paljqz
soiei is a frog, roohvsosuu is a seal, so soiei is not less likely to be on the lawn than roohvsosuu
rlfcnpgbcnq is a frog, swubv is a seal, so swubv is not more likely to be on the lawn than rlfcnpgbcnq
xsnnwzbgld is a frog, gupigg is a seal, so gupigg is not more likely to be on the lawn than xsnnwzbgld
ncqehud is a frog, gtqy is a seal, so gtqy is not more likely to be on the lawn than ncqehud
ynnuetgkzmc is a frog, xgkxyh is a seal, so xgkxyh is not more likely to be on the lawn than ynnuetgkzmc
wprgoum is a frog, bdimw is a seal, so bdimw is not more likely to be on the lawn than wprgoum
nejyxqttvi is a elephant, ycxqgkevnjgi is a sheep, so nejyxqttvi is more likely to weight 1000 kilos than ycxqgkevnjgi
zttselcif is a elephant, vvollyc is a sheep, so zttselcif is more likely to weight 1000 kilos than vvollyc
tfr is a elephant, yjql is a sheep, so tfr is more likely to weight 1000 kilos than yjql
kojqouucsq is a elephant, srcmevd is a sheep, so kojqouucsq is more likely to weight 1000 kilos than srcmevd
uwmwlcms is a elephant, oaxqgtbhdqth is a sheep, so uwmwlcms is more likely to weight 1000 kilos than oaxqgtbhdqth
ofrtjnxxs is a elephant, clktnoub is a sheep, so clktnoub is less likely to weight 1000 kilos than ofrtjnxxs
tyirsbf is a elephant, jevgkxtarczd is a sheep, so jevgkxtarczd is less likely to weight 1000 kilos than tyirsbf
tglwnbdbfaff is a elephant, efmbynmwlrgd is a sheep, so efmbynmwlrgd is less likely to weight 1000 kilos than tglwnbdbfaff
zzunkxbs is a elephant, uybuvwtrt is a sheep, so uybuvwtrt is less likely to weight 1000 kilos than zzunkxbs
ebihhnofncx is a elephant, ikziwjhu is a sheep, so ikziwjhu is less likely to weight 1000 kilos than ebihhnofncx
svpeuuxq is a elephant, pskjh is a sheep, so svpeuuxq is not less weight than pskjh
jvfubblre is a elephant, dyhlj is a sheep, so jvfubblre is not less weight than dyhlj
dnyqxznbr is a elephant, wksokwwdgyf is a sheep, so dnyqxznbr is not less weight than wksokwwdgyf
vdfhtgfc is a elephant, qpeds is a sheep, so vdfhtgfc is not less weight than qpeds
xkvhsbso is a elephant, ckch is a sheep, so xkvhsbso is not less weight than ckch
shua is a elephant, fkspoutmhb is a sheep, so fkspoutmhb is not more likely to weight 1000 kilos than shua
hya is a elephant, cdpdmjek is a sheep, so cdpdmjek is not more likely to weight 1000 kilos than hya
yljwayz is a elephant, pchezsmipub is a sheep, so pchezsmipub is not more likely to weight 1000 kilos than yljwayz
xyxhliroklg is a elephant, olaaupz is a sheep, so olaaupz is not more likely to weight 1000 kilos than xyxhliroklg
jqxmtnw is a elephant, pygmpivzuzhv is a sheep, so pygmpivzuzhv is not more likely to weight 1000 kilos than jqxmtnw
rcf is a snake, alsocm is a seal, so rcf is more likely to be in a ditch than alsocm
xiuesaqm is a snake, wqtdlmqws is a seal, so xiuesaqm is more likely to be in a ditch than wqtdlmqws
hqeiaboa is a snake, fvvtaagt is a seal, so hqeiaboa is more likely to be in a ditch than fvvtaagt
evndn is a snake, ivdijbbvhauv is a seal, so evndn is more likely to be in a ditch than ivdijbbvhauv
gdcgkcwbcvuf is a snake, xwy is a seal, so gdcgkcwbcvuf is more likely to be in a ditch than xwy
pmeadih is a snake, fqstdhp is a seal, so fqstdhp is less likely to be in a ditch than pmeadih
qqqxbfi is a snake, iddwzjaxm is a seal, so iddwzjaxm is less likely to be in a ditch than qqqxbfi
azqkqvol is a snake, dhzlht is a seal, so dhzlht is less likely to be in a ditch than azqkqvol
huqyizffhw is a snake, hhxbwcsibzdr is a seal, so hhxbwcsibzdr is less likely to be in a ditch than huqyizffhw
csejbkamzh is a snake, wwce is a seal, so wwce is less likely to be in a ditch than csejbkamzh
hxhmzuffy is a snake, cpibg is a seal, so hxhmzuffy is not less likely to be in a ditch than cpibg
qwer is a snake, fxkfhwodbbwx is a seal, so qwer is not less likely to be in a ditch than fxkfhwodbbwx
conzauaxfp is a snake, ieyxohmk is a seal, so conzauaxfp is not less likely to be in a ditch than ieyxohmk
nfobnwxmpvkp is a snake, phdcpdxakfu is a seal, so nfobnwxmpvkp is not less likely to be in a ditch than phdcpdxakfu
ynkv is a snake, eefrehv is a seal, so ynkv is not less likely to be in a ditch than eefrehv
weaehd is a snake, yggzhdlxhq is a seal, so yggzhdlxhq is not more likely to be in a ditch than weaehd
blc is a snake, douaoo is a seal, so douaoo is not more likely to be in a ditch than blc
kmwsupkdgkkx is a snake, gjrgdtxm is a seal, so gjrgdtxm is not more likely to be in a ditch than kmwsupkdgkkx
inxscwjqcsrn is a snake, prlhnnsjws is a seal, so prlhnnsjws is not more likely to be in a ditch than inxscwjqcsrn
tgcgmlnzo is a snake, ztnlejw is a seal, so ztnlejw is not more likely to be in a ditch than tgcgmlnzo
syo is a chicken, mxai is a squirrel, so syo is more likely to be reheated in the microwave than mxai
qvmz is a chicken, ooi is a squirrel, so qvmz is more likely to be reheated in the microwave than ooi
hyu is a chicken, prallppojxj is a squirrel, so hyu is more likely to be reheated in the microwave than prallppojxj
etmpjscuhyyd is a chicken, qjftn is a squirrel, so etmpjscuhyyd is more likely to be reheated in the microwave than qjftn
dki is a chicken, mtocpjjwl is a squirrel, so dki is more likely to be reheated in the microwave than mtocpjjwl
lody is a chicken, xrgvsvjyej is a squirrel, so xrgvsvjyej is less likely to be reheated in the microwave than lody
wfx is a chicken, ftt is a squirrel, so ftt is less likely to be reheated in the microwave than wfx
dkyriocr is a chicken, pizhnyhbmkrv is a squirrel, so pizhnyhbmkrv is less likely to be reheated in the microwave than dkyriocr
woemgf is a chicken, pjteigoxg is a squirrel, so pjteigoxg is less likely to be reheated in the microwave than woemgf
yfrejczq is a chicken, mcfass is a squirrel, so mcfass is less likely to be reheated in the microwave than yfrejczq
tsfu is a chicken, cxwgu is a squirrel, so tsfu is not less likely to be reheated in the microwave than cxwgu
ipjr is a chicken, ldadc is a squirrel, so ipjr is not less likely to be reheated in the microwave than ldadc
rgaohtswgq is a chicken, bastxpwjki is a squirrel, so rgaohtswgq is not less likely to be reheated in the microwave than bastxpwjki
veb is a chicken, fwsuojljnv is a squirrel, so veb is not less likely to be reheated in the microwave than fwsuojljnv
vddfzbqufvs is a chicken, hdmcfij is a squirrel, so vddfzbqufvs is not less likely to be reheated in the microwave than hdmcfij
rjpqjxjju is a chicken, bqfk is a squirrel, so bqfk is not more likely to be reheated in the microwave than rjpqjxjju
cgfbk is a chicken, jnkwsawig is a squirrel, so jnkwsawig is not more likely to be reheated in the microwave than cgfbk
vnxpjo is a chicken, fgdpj is a squirrel, so fgdpj is not more likely to be reheated in the microwave than vnxpjo
vsqhschw is a chicken, grtcp is a squirrel, so grtcp is not more likely to be reheated in the microwave than vsqhschw
zjfqadsksqv is a chicken, bztxuws is a squirrel, so bztxuws is not more likely to be reheated in the microwave than zjfqadsksqv
fmzoefnzfvg is a dog, ahgxsbqd is a lion, so fmzoefnzfvg is more likely to mark its territory than ahgxsbqd
pfsemnrh is a dog, cyotqjb is a lion, so pfsemnrh is more likely to mark its territory than cyotqjb
vxy is a dog, grqmalf is a lion, so vxy is more likely to mark its territory than grqmalf
yvifoxwsvp is a dog, tlqjpegwqi is a lion, so yvifoxwsvp is more likely to mark its territory than tlqjpegwqi
otnoyrjyy is a dog, afctl is a lion, so otnoyrjyy is more likely to mark its territory than afctl
nfonbnud is a dog, cjpr is a lion, so cjpr is more likely to mark its territory than nfonbnud
lfvwezfv is a dog, bxsr is a lion, so bxsr is more likely to mark its territory than lfvwezfv
bklvybt is a dog, lqxqrg is a lion, so lqxqrg is more likely to mark its territory than bklvybt
yvtjwvz is a dog, gljjjrjus is a lion, so gljjjrjus is more likely to mark its territory than yvtjwvz
jqhoyuwqur is a dog, wzlyjjbhsxa is a lion, so wzlyjjbhsxa is more likely to mark its territory than jqhoyuwqur
ypistpnojc is a dog, zjqonmyp is a lion, so ypistpnojc is not less likely to mark its territory than zjqonmyp
biyct is a dog, myou is a lion, so biyct is not less likely to mark its territory than myou
zzgbogkuxud is a dog, pgjioptvvks is a lion, so zzgbogkuxud is not less likely to mark its territory than pgjioptvvks
jmopocjs is a dog, clzahi is a lion, so jmopocjs is not less likely to mark its territory than clzahi
ahpg is a dog, jikwamuntgyr is a lion, so ahpg is not less likely to mark its territory than jikwamuntgyr
mar is a dog, lmcyjrnxoyjq is a lion, so lmcyjrnxoyjq is not more likely to mark its territory than mar
qsqcgjypknmk is a dog, twogkm is a lion, so twogkm is not more likely to mark its territory than qsqcgjypknmk
ugi is a dog, jpii is a lion, so jpii is not more likely to mark its territory than ugi
kbyodpvtccm is a dog, ecw is a lion, so ecw is not more likely to mark its territory than kbyodpvtccm
ihrdj is a dog, hilqmp is a lion, so hilqmp is not more likely to mark its territory than ihrdj
mhtu is a dog, yivyau is a owl, so mhtu is more likely to drink water than yivyau
utorqqvaw is a dog, mwdvjptf is a owl, so utorqqvaw is more likely to drink water than mwdvjptf
yhflookv is a dog, nrkmxcyl is a owl, so yhflookv is more likely to drink water than nrkmxcyl
xnlpfiydpn is a dog, okgczmvd is a owl, so xnlpfiydpn is more likely to drink water than okgczmvd
hsxcpdoi is a dog, oft is a owl, so hsxcpdoi is more likely to drink water than oft
ngvjkfluiwn is a dog, hvniucqiicn is a owl, so hvniucqiicn is less likely to drink water than ngvjkfluiwn
kiwzh is a dog, emk is a owl, so emk is less likely to drink water than kiwzh
npoezrab is a dog, pwcn is a owl, so pwcn is less likely to drink water than npoezrab
ewp is a dog, feistkeaojvu is a owl, so feistkeaojvu is less likely to drink water than ewp
zauodmwdu is a dog, kknuxuhux is a owl, so kknuxuhux is less likely to drink water than zauodmwdu
rocomxxbidu is a dog, cfoozlmnv is a owl, so rocomxxbidu is not less likely to drink water than cfoozlmnv
fjksag is a dog, lwtrnim is a owl, so fjksag is not less likely to drink water than lwtrnim
eyxrd is a dog, xjlwhjhxtws is a owl, so eyxrd is not less likely to drink water than xjlwhjhxtws
pesixcggdtjw is a dog, jcy is a owl, so pesixcggdtjw is not less likely to drink water than jcy
kqpvlchgjdq is a dog, lrop is a owl, so kqpvlchgjdq is not less likely to drink water than lrop
ylmdmbuwadll is a dog, icijcm is a owl, so icijcm is not more likely to drink water than ylmdmbuwadll
rftwxc is a dog, sfwr is a owl, so sfwr is not more likely to drink water than rftwxc
mzlaxrxrm is a dog, vyfqubtrwr is a owl, so vyfqubtrwr is not more likely to drink water than mzlaxrxrm
uehgg is a dog, zezjfkjvvli is a owl, so zezjfkjvvli is not more likely to drink water than uehgg
tgcvfq is a dog, ezcml is a owl, so ezcml is not more likely to drink water than tgcvfq
tbmckqced is a fish, ccfsoe is a spider, so tbmckqced is more likely to live in lakes than ccfsoe
yzkghxd is a fish, wwyi is a spider, so yzkghxd is more likely to live in lakes than wwyi
xlnrjpkevrv is a fish, rfnskee is a spider, so xlnrjpkevrv is more likely to live in lakes than rfnskee
sdbuxtygaw is a fish, ksbkclpyxx is a spider, so sdbuxtygaw is more likely to live in lakes than ksbkclpyxx
rsqijuis is a fish, efs is a spider, so rsqijuis is more likely to live in lakes than efs
oqowbfbxxv is a fish, pann is a spider, so pann is less likely to live in lakes than oqowbfbxxv
baqgzrwu is a fish, ikgko is a spider, so ikgko is less likely to live in lakes than baqgzrwu
hqxyuqblql is a fish, lcskexwe is a spider, so lcskexwe is less likely to live in lakes than hqxyuqblql
zurlhtkiqxc is a fish, eaixlgywgx is a spider, so eaixlgywgx is less likely to live in lakes than zurlhtkiqxc
rqhttvuuxkcz is a fish, rhtmdechihr is a spider, so rhtmdechihr is less likely to live in lakes than rqhttvuuxkcz
trypb is a fish, fmu is a spider, so trypb is not less likely to live in lakes than fmu
ekceonudi is a fish, aaci is a spider, so ekceonudi is not less likely to live in lakes than aaci
jrgbllfrepi is a fish, xaawvbpssqak is a spider, so jrgbllfrepi is not less likely to live in lakes than xaawvbpssqak
yjfvhbwbhj is a fish, pvigwwune is a spider, so yjfvhbwbhj is not less likely to live in lakes than pvigwwune
qvlnlkarfgi is a fish, tqrtlir is a spider, so qvlnlkarfgi is not less likely to live in lakes than tqrtlir
uqea is a fish, cbgp is a spider, so cbgp is not more likely to live in lakes than uqea
nwlzdgvfmvm is a fish, mebq is a spider, so mebq is not more likely to live in lakes than nwlzdgvfmvm
ctymbtrtwm is a fish, njaftew is a spider, so njaftew is not more likely to live in lakes than ctymbtrtwm
insfj is a fish, qxaclgmspny is a spider, so qxaclgmspny is not more likely to live in lakes than insfj
zrmosbzage is a fish, aslcq is a spider, so aslcq is not more likely to live in lakes than zrmosbzage
gycf is a bee, muvttofi is a camel, so gycf is more likely to be in the sky than muvttofi
pmxxdofoz is a bee, jxz is a camel, so pmxxdofoz is more likely to be in the sky than jxz
tmosgthxt is a bee, qnpzroz is a camel, so tmosgthxt is more likely to be in the sky than qnpzroz
wnmhpr is a bee, ynh is a camel, so wnmhpr is more likely to be in the sky than ynh
qaacv is a bee, azgolfbeeiq is a camel, so qaacv is more likely to be in the sky than azgolfbeeiq
vokeo is a bee, hddpgw is a camel, so hddpgw is less likely to be in the sky than vokeo
laihxnhddy is a bee, moi is a camel, so moi is less likely to be in the sky than laihxnhddy
nitgbul is a bee, gmlftn is a camel, so gmlftn is less likely to be in the sky than nitgbul
plfl is a bee, thclbh is a camel, so thclbh is less likely to be in the sky than plfl
xqykhd is a bee, vbbrsrwktrep is a camel, so vbbrsrwktrep is less likely to be in the sky than xqykhd
fkjdkug is a bee, oexrcrtnx is a camel, so fkjdkug is not less likely to be in the sky than oexrcrtnx
sjwwqgjv is a bee, usushycm is a camel, so sjwwqgjv is not less likely to be in the sky than usushycm
lrucjj is a bee, xxuswyjjnny is a camel, so lrucjj is not less likely to be in the sky than xxuswyjjnny
xhfk is a bee, ojzirt is a camel, so xhfk is not less likely to be in the sky than ojzirt
xnxh is a bee, uudi is a camel, so xnxh is not less likely to be in the sky than uudi
ubjgquxyetli is a bee, fmhyd is a camel, so fmhyd is not more likely to be in the sky than ubjgquxyetli
sqbfzis is a bee, cydgzdaf is a camel, so cydgzdaf is not more likely to be in the sky than sqbfzis
bnt is a bee, vttmg is a camel, so vttmg is not more likely to be in the sky than bnt
rausquq is a bee, jduulivir is a camel, so jduulivir is not more likely to be in the sky than rausquq
tcivfpxvhfd is a bee, yqruvmyjieof is a camel, so yqruvmyjieof is not more likely to be in the sky than tcivfpxvhfd
vzlpotilshr is a bear, yzhflwcho is a horse, so vzlpotilshr is less likely to be in a meadow than yzhflwcho
rozmuaanap is a bear, dvua is a horse, so rozmuaanap is less likely to be in a meadow than dvua
atkoxljtyi is a bear, dmbz is a horse, so atkoxljtyi is less likely to be in a meadow than dmbz
yufyqlptqjpb is a bear, ppmdgboyt is a horse, so yufyqlptqjpb is less likely to be in a meadow than ppmdgboyt
hjrif is a bear, ikyjuofqqsdf is a horse, so hjrif is less likely to be in a meadow than ikyjuofqqsdf
nzzelwrvva is a bear, lsnbn is a horse, so lsnbn is more likely to be in a meadow than nzzelwrvva
mbrozdiq is a bear, njvzfhkgbk is a horse, so njvzfhkgbk is more likely to be in a meadow than mbrozdiq
fziuqg is a bear, ypgzcwous is a horse, so ypgzcwous is more likely to be in a meadow than fziuqg
gqjpnca is a bear, kcjlkzap is a horse, so kcjlkzap is more likely to be in a meadow than gqjpnca
iswwrfppcdp is a bear, fscicboezpnr is a horse, so fscicboezpnr is more likely to be in a meadow than iswwrfppcdp
upcmmtirm is a bear, kbowbf is a horse, so upcmmtirm is not less likely to be in a meadow than kbowbf
whb is a bear, elijlqsv is a horse, so whb is not less likely to be in a meadow than elijlqsv
bbzvli is a bear, relgxqvdaymc is a horse, so bbzvli is not less likely to be in a meadow than relgxqvdaymc
brvzrwtfs is a bear, verqiie is a horse, so brvzrwtfs is not less likely to be in a meadow than verqiie
aqa is a bear, eomqbxjaltwt is a horse, so aqa is not less likely to be in a meadow than eomqbxjaltwt
dxwvetuw is a bear, rocf is a horse, so rocf is not more likely to be in a meadow than dxwvetuw
jzxptxbvarg is a bear, dekvalmwqpai is a horse, so dekvalmwqpai is not more likely to be in a meadow than jzxptxbvarg
vvuiiyncyfa is a bear, oiwnwbmu is a horse, so oiwnwbmu is not more likely to be in a meadow than vvuiiyncyfa
kzjbasq is a bear, azlhjgn is a horse, so azlhjgn is not more likely to be in a meadow than kzjbasq
elkagtwqqj is a bear, vyotfyrpl is a horse, so vyotfyrpl is not more likely to be in a meadow than elkagtwqqj
hbizpeklscwn is a kangaroo, uzreuocczyuv is a panda, so uzreuocczyuv is less likely to be jumping high than hbizpeklscwn
wourrm is a kangaroo, frykybbxrzmx is a panda, so frykybbxrzmx is less likely to be jumping high than wourrm
wqnzrxdvmvy is a kangaroo, breevuzgdl is a panda, so breevuzgdl is less likely to be jumping high than wqnzrxdvmvy
sebytapd is a kangaroo, hfrb is a panda, so hfrb is less likely to be jumping high than sebytapd
fjbhbktbo is a kangaroo, zyasw is a panda, so zyasw is less likely to be jumping high than fjbhbktbo
rbpespgmppvd is a kangaroo, gqatqzi is a panda, so rbpespgmppvd is not less likely to be jumping high than gqatqzi
neiewqx is a kangaroo, hxovkoaeamxw is a panda, so neiewqx is not less likely to be jumping high than hxovkoaeamxw
kgbnwwgtrl is a kangaroo, hqtsza is a panda, so kgbnwwgtrl is not less likely to be jumping high than hqtsza
azsc is a kangaroo, adzj is a panda, so azsc is not less likely to be jumping high than adzj
hdptkky is a kangaroo, iknfdyylpfss is a panda, so hdptkky is not less likely to be jumping high than iknfdyylpfss
znwuyth is a kangaroo, vqjsuwgiifek is a panda, so vqjsuwgiifek is not more likely to be jumping high than znwuyth
kzblub is a kangaroo, jcj is a panda, so jcj is not more likely to be jumping high than kzblub
xkdai is a kangaroo, qtglciarrcly is a panda, so qtglciarrcly is not more likely to be jumping high than xkdai
pbdzey is a kangaroo, ecavwqxlgt is a panda, so ecavwqxlgt is not more likely to be jumping high than pbdzey
sfgnkrnz is a kangaroo, ixpv is a panda, so ixpv is not more likely to be jumping high than sfgnkrnz
isghrx is a turtle, ylistlxxouw is a chicken, so isghrx is more likely to hide in its shell than ylistlxxouw
cihyrffwl is a turtle, bsuj is a chicken, so cihyrffwl is more likely to hide in its shell than bsuj
sitoxoa is a turtle, idkpakxpx is a chicken, so sitoxoa is more likely to hide in its shell than idkpakxpx
icqdkuax is a turtle, spe is a chicken, so icqdkuax is more likely to hide in its shell than spe
znrszzbur is a turtle, urrcl is a chicken, so znrszzbur is more likely to hide in its shell than urrcl
frvhbchd is a turtle, nehhgpskhi is a chicken, so nehhgpskhi is less likely to hide in its shell than frvhbchd
prmfnyzby is a turtle, tabhdqhcexpf is a chicken, so tabhdqhcexpf is less likely to hide in its shell than prmfnyzby
pjnwzp is a turtle, paavbogjovvc is a chicken, so paavbogjovvc is less likely to hide in its shell than pjnwzp
bmbcfhrj is a turtle, pkp is a chicken, so pkp is less likely to hide in its shell than bmbcfhrj
jxiycjxzf is a turtle, mzf is a chicken, so mzf is less likely to hide in its shell than jxiycjxzf
ruvosz is a turtle, kzmqthbklgh is a chicken, so ruvosz is not less likely to hide in its shell than kzmqthbklgh
ddmktkvdlc is a turtle, gihlld is a chicken, so ddmktkvdlc is not less likely to hide in its shell than gihlld
npb is a turtle, fgfww is a chicken, so npb is not less likely to hide in its shell than fgfww
yrarqxp is a turtle, enpi is a chicken, so yrarqxp is not less likely to hide in its shell than enpi
nkqmnjvy is a turtle, fefxtj is a chicken, so nkqmnjvy is not less likely to hide in its shell than fefxtj
srrcknawguo is a turtle, fmslxns is a chicken, so fmslxns is not more likely to hide in its shell than srrcknawguo
arehcuz is a turtle, xcfwww is a chicken, so xcfwww is not more likely to hide in its shell than arehcuz
tftsgqmrhzt is a turtle, efojivb is a chicken, so efojivb is not more likely to hide in its shell than tftsgqmrhzt
oulcjnyvtz is a turtle, cyftbijfck is a chicken, so cyftbijfck is not more likely to hide in its shell than oulcjnyvtz
jyowi is a turtle, gurn is a chicken, so gurn is not more likely to hide in its shell than jyowi
gdnomwgsmi is a chimpanzee, iwcf is a snail, so gdnomwgsmi is more likely to be in a zoo than iwcf
umposfk is a chimpanzee, ool is a snail, so umposfk is more likely to be in a zoo than ool
goyefbakphae is a chimpanzee, wersmpyrgu is a snail, so goyefbakphae is more likely to be in a zoo than wersmpyrgu
zwtkbbsi is a chimpanzee, bgelorvzftp is a snail, so zwtkbbsi is more likely to be in a zoo than bgelorvzftp
hcttpuii is a chimpanzee, gpm is a snail, so hcttpuii is more likely to be in a zoo than gpm
czzq is a chimpanzee, gqsvelvwi is a snail, so gqsvelvwi is less likely to be in a zoo than czzq
uiuru is a chimpanzee, zmok is a snail, so zmok is less likely to be in a zoo than uiuru
pzf is a chimpanzee, dcjyhabdotc is a snail, so dcjyhabdotc is less likely to be in a zoo than pzf
afgjsduhasw is a chimpanzee, acun is a snail, so acun is less likely to be in a zoo than afgjsduhasw
uclaqavwke is a chimpanzee, ggasebkoga is a snail, so ggasebkoga is less likely to be in a zoo than uclaqavwke
hegvvidfqsx is a chimpanzee, ouuyqfa is a snail, so hegvvidfqsx is not less likely to be in a zoo than ouuyqfa
jdxpaxg is a chimpanzee, xslgjkk is a snail, so jdxpaxg is not less likely to be in a zoo than xslgjkk
oxxebzhzy is a chimpanzee, euhu is a snail, so oxxebzhzy is not less likely to be in a zoo than euhu
lseuyzr is a chimpanzee, nejg is a snail, so lseuyzr is not less likely to be in a zoo than nejg
gdumt is a chimpanzee, qyqxjczed is a snail, so gdumt is not less likely to be in a zoo than qyqxjczed
vbjy is a chimpanzee, wqlj is a snail, so wqlj is not more likely to be in a zoo than vbjy
oqlkrofrcdq is a chimpanzee, ynqls is a snail, so ynqls is not more likely to be in a zoo than oqlkrofrcdq
rcpmahvano is a chimpanzee, hcluxydymonl is a snail, so hcluxydymonl is not more likely to be in a zoo than rcpmahvano
fwgkboly is a chimpanzee, hznidigjrmo is a snail, so hznidigjrmo is not more likely to be in a zoo than fwgkboly
qzkzjynrocld is a chimpanzee, elvbyda is a snail, so elvbyda is not more likely to be in a zoo than qzkzjynrocld
sgcwkbr is a cat, tfzyccy is a bear, so sgcwkbr is more likely to be on the windowsill than tfzyccy
obmazc is a cat, egiqgl is a bear, so obmazc is more likely to be on the windowsill than egiqgl
kmyjtjivwe is a cat, ijhllvk is a bear, so kmyjtjivwe is more likely to be on the windowsill than ijhllvk
dlu is a cat, kau is a bear, so dlu is more likely to be on the windowsill than kau
abjpe is a cat, zycjobhg is a bear, so abjpe is more likely to be on the windowsill than zycjobhg
wgn is a cat, pwyghtkv is a bear, so pwyghtkv is less likely to be on the windowsill than wgn
vpaq is a cat, ypgryw is a bear, so ypgryw is less likely to be on the windowsill than vpaq
gai is a cat, fyhdigm is a bear, so fyhdigm is less likely to be on the windowsill than gai
kgfl is a cat, wddarh is a bear, so wddarh is less likely to be on the windowsill than kgfl
zhlwnol is a cat, gij is a bear, so gij is less likely to be on the windowsill than zhlwnol
ozjrtxdnntk is a cat, cpkujw is a bear, so ozjrtxdnntk is not less likely to be on the windowsill than cpkujw
vnp is a cat, hwqo is a bear, so vnp is not less likely to be on the windowsill than hwqo
djkx is a cat, inhzhuzkm is a bear, so djkx is not less likely to be on the windowsill than inhzhuzkm
znhar is a cat, sbzrwjgky is a bear, so znhar is not less likely to be on the windowsill than sbzrwjgky
jzejmppd is a cat, wlsbghe is a bear, so jzejmppd is not less likely to be on the windowsill than wlsbghe
ayormjlgmcj is a cat, wofznl is a bear, so wofznl is not more likely to be on the windowsill than ayormjlgmcj
urddsgek is a cat, ovx is a bear, so ovx is not more likely to be on the windowsill than urddsgek
sqgmbzifha is a cat, ovokodxcl is a bear, so ovokodxcl is not more likely to be on the windowsill than sqgmbzifha
rny is a cat, zczvcfs is a bear, so zczvcfs is not more likely to be on the windowsill than rny
azpibpkfiqxf is a cat, mdvtcc is a bear, so mdvtcc is not more likely to be on the windowsill than azpibpkfiqxf
sluf is a shark, tzwd is a turtle, so sluf is more likely to be on a reef than tzwd
qolr is a shark, trrllata is a turtle, so qolr is more likely to be on a reef than trrllata
bmk is a shark, trwyhiwhzk is a turtle, so bmk is more likely to be on a reef than trwyhiwhzk
dzmfmly is a shark, gfsdavfnbcbx is a turtle, so dzmfmly is more likely to be on a reef than gfsdavfnbcbx
kvwpcbib is a shark, rszx is a turtle, so kvwpcbib is more likely to be on a reef than rszx
lvhprar is a shark, igkeswj is a turtle, so igkeswj is less likely to be on a reef than lvhprar
bincf is a shark, jkoim is a turtle, so jkoim is less likely to be on a reef than bincf
goccetdfc is a shark, sthsjararj is a turtle, so sthsjararj is less likely to be on a reef than goccetdfc
aswvktnj is a shark, bvei is a turtle, so bvei is less likely to be on a reef than aswvktnj
eawt is a shark, agguasqnd is a turtle, so agguasqnd is less likely to be on a reef than eawt
byv is a shark, frmszpig is a turtle, so byv is not less likely to be on a reef than frmszpig
icgqmpuzrkj is a shark, ocalomgauv is a turtle, so icgqmpuzrkj is not less likely to be on a reef than ocalomgauv
cvew is a shark, flxghodq is a turtle, so cvew is not less likely to be on a reef than flxghodq
kivilvavwcm is a shark, lwrjxwkbxnoz is a turtle, so kivilvavwcm is not less likely to be on a reef than lwrjxwkbxnoz
gnkysuvfb is a shark, rfxegl is a turtle, so gnkysuvfb is not less likely to be on a reef than rfxegl
rhhzpw is a shark, ptnxuhoqzgk is a turtle, so ptnxuhoqzgk is not more likely to be on a reef than rhhzpw
wbozkmgt is a shark, hwrp is a turtle, so hwrp is not more likely to be on a reef than wbozkmgt
mdtllxnj is a shark, nnuldwzsx is a turtle, so nnuldwzsx is not more likely to be on a reef than mdtllxnj
bxcyrgazo is a shark, caezio is a turtle, so caezio is not more likely to be on a reef than bxcyrgazo
ejptwdi is a shark, tdn is a turtle, so tdn is not more likely to be on a reef than ejptwdi
pjfmxsu is a elephant, lxobe is a bee, so pjfmxsu is more likely to be in India than lxobe
ufndaaujvrlm is a elephant, ixmlumsh is a bee, so ufndaaujvrlm is more likely to be in India than ixmlumsh
rxwectdjp is a elephant, mzcioxbbm is a bee, so rxwectdjp is more likely to be in India than mzcioxbbm
xwik is a elephant, svsgwq is a bee, so xwik is more likely to be in India than svsgwq
tsgxuibfmji is a elephant, oufcaathdvh is a bee, so tsgxuibfmji is more likely to be in India than oufcaathdvh
pgiqoe is made out of elephant and ulka is made out of bee, so ulka is less likely to be in India than pgiqoe
ivd is made out of elephant and okggbixvd is made out of bee, so okggbixvd is less likely to be in India than ivd
wjthnvuvim is made out of elephant and bcewk is made out of bee, so bcewk is less likely to be in India than wjthnvuvim
vmqnu is made out of elephant and ror is made out of bee, so ror is less likely to be in India than vmqnu
dfwnsbphzdh is made out of elephant and bzewnls is made out of bee, so bzewnls is less likely to be in India than dfwnsbphzdh
pyc is made out of elephant and xvg is made out of bee, so pyc is not less likely to be in India than xvg
lcygic is made out of elephant and asjvtvxsvcwn is made out of bee, so lcygic is not less likely to be in India than asjvtvxsvcwn
bvpx is made out of elephant and eyzsy is made out of bee, so bvpx is not less likely to be in India than eyzsy
jsqkgcrxdwxy is made out of elephant and uuxpoawysi is made out of bee, so jsqkgcrxdwxy is not less likely to be in India than uuxpoawysi
xwmn is made out of elephant and gpwagrvx is made out of bee, so xwmn is not less likely to be in India than gpwagrvx
lfkzkshi is made out of elephant and yosxi is made out of bee, so yosxi is not more likely to be in India than lfkzkshi
zehjo is made out of elephant and lsqhygx is made out of bee, so lsqhygx is not more likely to be in India than zehjo
ywdzu is made out of elephant and pbzfd is made out of bee, so pbzfd is not more likely to be in India than ywdzu
oukxofngx is made out of elephant and auqjhx is made out of bee, so auqjhx is not more likely to be in India than oukxofngx
szkpjwknomtt is made out of elephant and irel is made out of bee, so irel is not more likely to be in India than szkpjwknomtt
zyhvepmdqf is a fish, vzzhx is a giraffe, so zyhvepmdqf is more likely to be in a pond than vzzhx
ocpujxwgkqwk is a fish, ptu is a giraffe, so ocpujxwgkqwk is more likely to be in a pond than ptu
httjwjjdxk is a fish, izkrhvzcl is a giraffe, so httjwjjdxk is more likely to be in a pond than izkrhvzcl
pjnimrq is a fish, ghbxa is a giraffe, so pjnimrq is more likely to be in a pond than ghbxa
ixecdtsise is a fish, miyfznlsaul is a giraffe, so ixecdtsise is more likely to be in a pond than miyfznlsaul
ilp is a fish, tmvpz is a giraffe, so tmvpz is less likely to be in a pond than ilp
whtjmurb is a fish, eexetsxefslj is a giraffe, so eexetsxefslj is less likely to be in a pond than whtjmurb
cumtgjod is a fish, sqbrkvolszgv is a giraffe, so sqbrkvolszgv is less likely to be in a pond than cumtgjod
juodyj is a fish, viupfnbxzxqj is a giraffe, so viupfnbxzxqj is less likely to be in a pond than juodyj
apmmnuocdy is a fish, sllbdwqh is a giraffe, so sllbdwqh is less likely to be in a pond than apmmnuocdy
yejyhpdqfnp is a fish, bgngguimhhi is a giraffe, so yejyhpdqfnp is not less likely to be in a pond than bgngguimhhi
pqtkp is a fish, pjibmdbtqklv is a giraffe, so pqtkp is not less likely to be in a pond than pjibmdbtqklv
yyqwtajhldri is a fish, aexo is a giraffe, so yyqwtajhldri is not less likely to be in a pond than aexo
sgzvdpoqka is a fish, pie is a giraffe, so sgzvdpoqka is not less likely to be in a pond than pie
nxlrea is a fish, nmhdlbvfsvb is a giraffe, so nxlrea is not less likely to be in a pond than nmhdlbvfsvb
humaif is a fish, knwogv is a giraffe, so knwogv is not more likely to be in a pond than humaif
sjjwp is a fish, jrocqcbn is a giraffe, so jrocqcbn is not more likely to be in a pond than sjjwp
syhiwzwdovl is a fish, gifmugp is a giraffe, so gifmugp is not more likely to be in a pond than syhiwzwdovl
rycrv is a fish, ftgbquz is a giraffe, so ftgbquz is not more likely to be in a pond than rycrv
hba is a fish, hxokhfxbnxp is a giraffe, so hxokhfxbnxp is not more likely to be in a pond than hba
pyldkqqbcykd is a cat, nakr is a horse, so pyldkqqbcykd is more likely to be in someone's home than nakr
hzahgp is a cat, fifnhuntkx is a horse, so hzahgp is more likely to be in someone's home than fifnhuntkx
syot is a cat, qsotyakgyze is a horse, so syot is more likely to be in someone's home than qsotyakgyze
vevwcgmier is a cat, drvf is a horse, so vevwcgmier is more likely to be in someone's home than drvf
atvmhjqrc is a cat, ahq is a horse, so atvmhjqrc is more likely to be in someone's home than ahq
uvakkesv is a cat, fttewcws is a horse, so fttewcws is less likely to be in someone's home than uvakkesv
kjnzysa is a cat, fplom is a horse, so fplom is less likely to be in someone's home than kjnzysa
mfdhywck is a cat, swcqftvcqk is a horse, so swcqftvcqk is less likely to be in someone's home than mfdhywck
sytdeoltwbcj is a cat, xknygrtova is a horse, so xknygrtova is less likely to be in someone's home than sytdeoltwbcj
stuqkhfdk is a cat, jltmgch is a horse, so jltmgch is less likely to be in someone's home than stuqkhfdk
htpybpzoerz is a cat, jmxrmhh is a horse, so htpybpzoerz is not less likely to be in someone's home than jmxrmhh
mxqbl is a cat, bqtxervbp is a horse, so mxqbl is not less likely to be in someone's home than bqtxervbp
jzlfkfte is a cat, rfdbheqw is a horse, so jzlfkfte is not less likely to be in someone's home than rfdbheqw
sqvbbdmhwyns is a cat, eesbzidl is a horse, so sqvbbdmhwyns is not less likely to be in someone's home than eesbzidl
ygzzx is a cat, pmaflapjrop is a horse, so ygzzx is not less likely to be in someone's home than pmaflapjrop
lougqvrbr is a cat, xqkd is a horse, so xqkd is not more likely to be in someone's home than lougqvrbr
tsg is a cat, tpniqd is a horse, so tpniqd is not more likely to be in someone's home than tsg
fviynt is a cat, dim is a horse, so dim is not more likely to be in someone's home than fviynt
aoatjgjcrw is a cat, fnrp is a horse, so fnrp is not more likely to be in someone's home than aoatjgjcrw
nmofs is a cat, cnkjizgiuo is a horse, so cnkjizgiuo is not more likely to be in someone's home than nmofs
lmdg is a monkey, mnls is a dog, so lmdg is more likely to throw a banana than mnls
drghqnac is a monkey, jlmcj is a dog, so drghqnac is more likely to throw a banana than jlmcj
bxvwos is a monkey, pijxdthfxsc is a dog, so bxvwos is more likely to throw a banana than pijxdthfxsc
mgc is a monkey, jppwspqr is a dog, so mgc is more likely to throw a banana than jppwspqr
rinptmflrnyp is a monkey, vkhvgquev is a dog, so rinptmflrnyp is more likely to throw a banana than vkhvgquev
vcvwmd is a monkey, uhjafmnkm is a dog, so uhjafmnkm is less likely to throw a banana than vcvwmd
mleks is a monkey, tusacat is a dog, so tusacat is less likely to throw a banana than mleks
lee is a monkey, pcqmwplter is a dog, so pcqmwplter is less likely to throw a banana than lee
uscpcxep is a monkey, mbrikcim is a dog, so mbrikcim is less likely to throw a banana than uscpcxep
ilwshijbqec is a monkey, kqoaoigg is a dog, so kqoaoigg is less likely to throw a banana than ilwshijbqec
ojlbcr is a monkey, mbfqvixyflp is a dog, so ojlbcr is not less likely to throw a banana than mbfqvixyflp
azdrhdqk is a monkey, arbpskt is a dog, so azdrhdqk is not less likely to throw a banana than arbpskt
qflbm is a monkey, gyhc is a dog, so qflbm is not less likely to throw a banana than gyhc
kmxaocyeeexb is a monkey, rlsimy is a dog, so kmxaocyeeexb is not less likely to throw a banana than rlsimy
ribdgy is a monkey, wiefkrxvofb is a dog, so ribdgy is not less likely to throw a banana than wiefkrxvofb
ssp is a monkey, yctvcgvs is a dog, so yctvcgvs is not more likely to throw a banana than ssp
suxihsdzqvli is a monkey, cbuxmfc is a dog, so cbuxmfc is not more likely to throw a banana than suxihsdzqvli
uqwzyd is a monkey, oymlkc is a dog, so oymlkc is not more likely to throw a banana than uqwzyd
ewkvjxtvrygu is a monkey, xfuesjzwkham is a dog, so xfuesjzwkham is not more likely to throw a banana than ewkvjxtvrygu
muq is a monkey, wqmjrysh is a dog, so wqmjrysh is not more likely to throw a banana than muq
vnxyd is a spider, wqely is a snake, so vnxyd is more likely to spin webs than wqely
ajaleom is a spider, izwqubpffb is a snake, so ajaleom is more likely to spin webs than izwqubpffb
biuogd is a spider, awe is a snake, so biuogd is more likely to spin webs than awe
mczktefplxy is a spider, nuq is a snake, so mczktefplxy is more likely to spin webs than nuq
veuvasly is a spider, mprabrn is a snake, so veuvasly is more likely to spin webs than mprabrn
nwnv is a spider, gjsdjtwuzq is a snake, so gjsdjtwuzq is less likely to spin webs than nwnv
hqgkela is a spider, sxuixvebyzrk is a snake, so sxuixvebyzrk is less likely to spin webs than hqgkela
yexjf is a spider, bjxnatiij is a snake, so bjxnatiij is less likely to spin webs than yexjf
cesewa is a spider, vhceknyo is a snake, so vhceknyo is less likely to spin webs than cesewa
hmpagmjw is a spider, ozr is a snake, so ozr is less likely to spin webs than hmpagmjw
qwwhyujdmccz is a spider, xmujugtkhmw is a snake, so qwwhyujdmccz is not less likely to spin webs than xmujugtkhmw
xnchbehra is a spider, jhxzordwoj is a snake, so xnchbehra is not less likely to spin webs than jhxzordwoj
bjpw is a spider, bquzczeksva is a snake, so bjpw is not less likely to spin webs than bquzczeksva
ysbs is a spider, cwzugfunyju is a snake, so ysbs is not less likely to spin webs than cwzugfunyju
ablcxxllx is a spider, ubb is a snake, so ablcxxllx is not less likely to spin webs than ubb
uoemmyymaev is a spider, pkofcwfsbqsq is a snake, so pkofcwfsbqsq is not more likely to spin webs than uoemmyymaev
zaqcjiee is a spider, tbet is a snake, so tbet is not more likely to spin webs than zaqcjiee
krqpjogf is a spider, pmzqgtrkh is a snake, so pmzqgtrkh is not more likely to spin webs than krqpjogf
lasvuk is a spider, nsyasnt is a snake, so nsyasnt is not more likely to spin webs than lasvuk
cnhvozlc is a spider, lnn is a snake, so lnn is not more likely to spin webs than cnhvozlc
rayoc is a horse, ayqnrbbvl is a camel, so rayoc is more likely to run in a pasture than ayqnrbbvl
fqbx is a horse, mjnmnai is a camel, so fqbx is more likely to run in a pasture than mjnmnai
uinmlboe is a horse, oomsdljam is a camel, so uinmlboe is more likely to run in a pasture than oomsdljam
ejutlikm is a horse, qjbumuz is a camel, so ejutlikm is more likely to run in a pasture than qjbumuz
nglizcejj is a horse, sdydqvv is a camel, so nglizcejj is more likely to run in a pasture than sdydqvv
whsugaf is a horse, ixgqsf is a camel, so ixgqsf is less likely to run in a pasture than whsugaf
fbygpifgosyn is a horse, qgfjcii is a camel, so qgfjcii is less likely to run in a pasture than fbygpifgosyn
pyxq is a horse, zqbnkhjll is a camel, so zqbnkhjll is less likely to run in a pasture than pyxq
gcmgvoflmld is a horse, rootvataj is a camel, so rootvataj is less likely to run in a pasture than gcmgvoflmld
chcner is a horse, rebuhk is a camel, so rebuhk is less likely to run in a pasture than chcner
szwclszu is a horse, hvlxpjqm is a camel, so szwclszu is not less likely to run in a pasture than hvlxpjqm
uemz is a horse, sqauujwoiyew is a camel, so uemz is not less likely to run in a pasture than sqauujwoiyew
bpttrs is a horse, xekeswefl is a camel, so bpttrs is not less likely to run in a pasture than xekeswefl
jqmxycabvhkl is a horse, xdf is a camel, so jqmxycabvhkl is not less likely to run in a pasture than xdf
qej is a horse, yyenvildpkyb is a camel, so qej is not less likely to run in a pasture than yyenvildpkyb
ztcqtibmh is a horse, lgy is a camel, so lgy is not more likely to run in a pasture than ztcqtibmh
jvutputprlh is a horse, kgucldicwk is a camel, so kgucldicwk is not more likely to run in a pasture than jvutputprlh
fkfgknz is a horse, qjzkxavonmf is a camel, so qjzkxavonmf is not more likely to run in a pasture than fkfgknz
pkt is a horse, ejcdxfuafce is a camel, so ejcdxfuafce is not more likely to run in a pasture than pkt
ixubpm is a horse, yuvaqamkzh is a camel, so yuvaqamkzh is not more likely to run in a pasture than ixubpm
zkl is a cow, gcwftzvuxd is a eagle, so zkl is more likely to be on a ranch than gcwftzvuxd
sfg is a cow, zpyd is a eagle, so sfg is more likely to be on a ranch than zpyd
cdi is a cow, lnr is a eagle, so cdi is more likely to be on a ranch than lnr
cpxkrbn is a cow, dilagogipvna is a eagle, so cpxkrbn is more likely to be on a ranch than dilagogipvna
mhezwgsukbk is a cow, ayeygp is a eagle, so mhezwgsukbk is more likely to be on a ranch than ayeygp
ffxim is a cow, kqofxoba is a eagle, so kqofxoba is less likely to be on a ranch than ffxim
gqx is a cow, czipdmb is a eagle, so czipdmb is less likely to be on a ranch than gqx
swwmuvyxuc is a cow, dnyqovtqzam is a eagle, so dnyqovtqzam is less likely to be on a ranch than swwmuvyxuc
skfhzc is a cow, mzbwafnlmq is a eagle, so mzbwafnlmq is less likely to be on a ranch than skfhzc
xwf is a cow, uzaonmhjnlep is a eagle, so uzaonmhjnlep is less likely to be on a ranch than xwf
cnti is a cow, youb is a eagle, so cnti is not less likely to be on a ranch than youb
pncudktvy is a cow, wlna is a eagle, so pncudktvy is not less likely to be on a ranch than wlna
vfrswduwn is a cow, sgctit is a eagle, so vfrswduwn is not less likely to be on a ranch than sgctit
anuaevz is a cow, btxm is a eagle, so anuaevz is not less likely to be on a ranch than btxm
nswcs is a cow, foebuuarf is a eagle, so nswcs is not less likely to be on a ranch than foebuuarf
gmgmsu is a cow, jwcgstjnvut is a eagle, so jwcgstjnvut is not more likely to be on a ranch than gmgmsu
yffzuya is a cow, adwhki is a eagle, so adwhki is not more likely to be on a ranch than yffzuya
ibumdxp is a cow, tbxiud is a eagle, so tbxiud is not more likely to be on a ranch than ibumdxp
ato is a cow, vpihvde is a eagle, so vpihvde is not more likely to be on a ranch than ato
qhaqw is a cow, xlssimt is a eagle, so xlssimt is not more likely to be on a ranch than qhaqw
ldo is a dog, caprmkp is a wolf, so ldo is more likely to guide a blind person than caprmkp
dbuqkftxatk is a dog, zuecidk is a wolf, so dbuqkftxatk is more likely to guide a blind person than zuecidk
bxz is a dog, exxcrvaguc is a wolf, so bxz is more likely to guide a blind person than exxcrvaguc
dckqgdz is a dog, tjyzxdy is a wolf, so dckqgdz is more likely to guide a blind person than tjyzxdy
idqzwxgupvtx is a dog, cznzrwemruq is a wolf, so idqzwxgupvtx is more likely to guide a blind person than cznzrwemruq
ezdttyfxyk is a dog, nbjmnwjon is a wolf, so nbjmnwjon is less likely to guide a blind person than ezdttyfxyk
hoswp is a dog, lbbuvjkzbabk is a wolf, so lbbuvjkzbabk is less likely to guide a blind person than hoswp
nuc is a dog, swudimbffxt is a wolf, so swudimbffxt is less likely to guide a blind person than nuc
bpqibm is a dog, qxihhueydh is a wolf, so qxihhueydh is less likely to guide a blind person than bpqibm
pupfdzp is a dog, kumfjwfhnnl is a wolf, so kumfjwfhnnl is less likely to guide a blind person than pupfdzp
lhpkfz is a dog, ztkrrljqu is a wolf, so lhpkfz is not less likely to guide a blind person than ztkrrljqu
zyvqg is a dog, okm is a wolf, so zyvqg is not less likely to guide a blind person than okm
kgpvhexjwdm is a dog, ggzybufgmo is a wolf, so kgpvhexjwdm is not less likely to guide a blind person than ggzybufgmo
sxygadhlrvxe is a dog, sghetroqstw is a wolf, so sxygadhlrvxe is not less likely to guide a blind person than sghetroqstw
bipnzujqopul is a dog, xccc is a wolf, so bipnzujqopul is not less likely to guide a blind person than xccc
xnfwwqhndgrk is a dog, dgdnohmcse is a wolf, so dgdnohmcse is not more likely to guide a blind person than xnfwwqhndgrk
qiabwvgcadb is a dog, hdavftxioamy is a wolf, so hdavftxioamy is not more likely to guide a blind person than qiabwvgcadb
pztbk is a dog, gffk is a wolf, so gffk is not more likely to guide a blind person than pztbk
gyhbrjsyht is a dog, zlhzxqmhyt is a wolf, so zlhzxqmhyt is not more likely to guide a blind person than gyhbrjsyht
jmtajvmx is a dog, gevmw is a wolf, so gevmw is not more likely to guide a blind person than jmtajvmx
adv is a dog, yoneqwrsuk is a deer, so adv is more likely to hear whistling than yoneqwrsuk
vxyjkaapps is a dog, uunae is a deer, so vxyjkaapps is more likely to hear whistling than uunae
aingubrm is a dog, biyogl is a deer, so aingubrm is more likely to hear whistling than biyogl
ojsvqpgbiwl is a dog, naln is a deer, so ojsvqpgbiwl is more likely to hear whistling than naln
xexda is a dog, oqpgbvujfxd is a deer, so xexda is more likely to hear whistling than oqpgbvujfxd
fwv is a dog, ssibhgcoa is a deer, so ssibhgcoa is less likely to hear whistling than fwv
njla is a dog, brks is a deer, so brks is less likely to hear whistling than njla
evxmajf is a dog, cqa is a deer, so cqa is less likely to hear whistling than evxmajf
lqtbtbblqh is a dog, gbtlwfxlr is a deer, so gbtlwfxlr is less likely to hear whistling than lqtbtbblqh
bevhgwfzzf is a dog, ovldi is a deer, so ovldi is less likely to hear whistling than bevhgwfzzf
zgrkwk is a dog, oujzgai is a deer, so zgrkwk is not less likely to hear whistling than oujzgai
ofpmsyoez is a dog, hzuyq is a deer, so ofpmsyoez is not less likely to hear whistling than hzuyq
buarcg is a dog, btujziuauk is a deer, so buarcg is not less likely to hear whistling than btujziuauk
cbxjjshdhref is a dog, vgabpf is a deer, so cbxjjshdhref is not less likely to hear whistling than vgabpf
qiyfiknbyigy is a dog, wnzssyxw is a deer, so qiyfiknbyigy is not less likely to hear whistling than wnzssyxw
goymfi is a dog, wly is a deer, so wly is not more likely to hear whistling than goymfi
sjmze is a dog, undtngpj is a deer, so undtngpj is not more likely to hear whistling than sjmze
uojql is a dog, xnasjgtfhaz is a deer, so xnasjgtfhaz is not more likely to hear whistling than uojql
kqcpfzmkznp is a dog, jlbeoyudbgg is a deer, so jlbeoyudbgg is not more likely to hear whistling than kqcpfzmkznp
dymxneeeno is a dog, agc is a deer, so agc is not more likely to hear whistling than dymxneeeno
dktozsa is a rat, qtspvdxvqlyo is a monkey, so dktozsa is more likely to eat wires than qtspvdxvqlyo
lqyrrmhzule is a rat, xbkulgusdw is a monkey, so lqyrrmhzule is more likely to eat wires than xbkulgusdw
ttjzb is a rat, wtcdphejln is a monkey, so ttjzb is more likely to eat wires than wtcdphejln
ussdbpj is a rat, mfdmhrliylz is a monkey, so ussdbpj is more likely to eat wires than mfdmhrliylz
ikxhle is a rat, ojesid is a monkey, so ikxhle is more likely to eat wires than ojesid
gutwhdmiqt is a rat, nxxymd is a monkey, so nxxymd is less likely to eat wires than gutwhdmiqt
fpdyxsgf is a rat, krq is a monkey, so krq is less likely to eat wires than fpdyxsgf
asc is a rat, mczf is a monkey, so mczf is less likely to eat wires than asc
rcdnwso is a rat, hjiwc is a monkey, so hjiwc is less likely to eat wires than rcdnwso
fdxomolzlly is a rat, ivydmj is a monkey, so ivydmj is less likely to eat wires than fdxomolzlly
wdqdgcyxj is a rat, uakwnar is a monkey, so wdqdgcyxj is not less likely to eat wires than uakwnar
ekoxqn is a rat, sjhb is a monkey, so ekoxqn is not less likely to eat wires than sjhb
qlbizpb is a rat, zoqbat is a monkey, so qlbizpb is not less likely to eat wires than zoqbat
kzdzqpm is a rat, jstays is a monkey, so kzdzqpm is not less likely to eat wires than jstays
xwizsp is a rat, fousotazrac is a monkey, so xwizsp is not less likely to eat wires than fousotazrac
myjpaxrjzw is a rat, rmhnrerlxwb is a monkey, so rmhnrerlxwb is not more likely to eat wires than myjpaxrjzw
rpudussqghqr is a rat, eaitp is a monkey, so eaitp is not more likely to eat wires than rpudussqghqr
hthbslvpm is a rat, rsiwmkghjax is a monkey, so rsiwmkghjax is not more likely to eat wires than hthbslvpm
wocnl is a rat, vhv is a monkey, so vhv is not more likely to eat wires than wocnl
pgtobws is a rat, upexbwwystpj is a monkey, so upexbwwystpj is not more likely to eat wires than pgtobws
yfrx is a cat, zme is a alligator, so yfrx is more likely to wash its paws than zme
veqs is a cat, xwmjcamcwkss is a alligator, so veqs is more likely to wash its paws than xwmjcamcwkss
ychsezcdds is a cat, llutwvqivm is a alligator, so ychsezcdds is more likely to wash its paws than llutwvqivm
zclnztv is a cat, oedtxeihh is a alligator, so zclnztv is more likely to wash its paws than oedtxeihh
vmxrstrwcl is a cat, zjnmkoip is a alligator, so vmxrstrwcl is more likely to wash its paws than zjnmkoip
lcvfk is a cat, fwtl is a alligator, so fwtl is less likely to wash its paws than lcvfk
wzponhsw is a cat, cfmqqjxk is a alligator, so cfmqqjxk is less likely to wash its paws than wzponhsw
dufoawln is a cat, lqfzzc is a alligator, so lqfzzc is less likely to wash its paws than dufoawln
vhgogly is a cat, fgga is a alligator, so fgga is less likely to wash its paws than vhgogly
szmubusixy is a cat, vuxoctnped is a alligator, so vuxoctnped is less likely to wash its paws than szmubusixy
zviwj is a cat, ifwklvj is a alligator, so zviwj is not less likely to wash its paws than ifwklvj
ikfsliegqc is a cat, dlijjrwpjizv is a alligator, so ikfsliegqc is not less likely to wash its paws than dlijjrwpjizv
udja is a cat, rggbyk is a alligator, so udja is not less likely to wash its paws than rggbyk
ndj is a cat, qywyopesxs is a alligator, so ndj is not less likely to wash its paws than qywyopesxs
kckds is a cat, abnvqx is a alligator, so kckds is not less likely to wash its paws than abnvqx
qovlathylsfk is a cat, zvwekwbg is an alligator, so zvwekwbg is not more likely to wash its paws than qovlathylsfk
fasin is a cat, mqmfjpf is an alligator, so mqmfjpf is not more likely to wash its paws than fasin
tbchwyf is a cat, exlthxizcl is an alligator, so exlthxizcl is not more likely to wash its paws than tbchwyf
irzid is a cat, bidagyailyfu is an alligator, so bidagyailyfu is not more likely to wash its paws than irzid
yesy is a cat, hhhvjwvopa is an alligator, so hhhvjwvopa is not more likely to wash its paws than yesy
kvzpfbeilll is a snake, dvwajfmsg is a turtle, so kvzpfbeilll is more likely to be rude than dvwajfmsg
aaxrgadb is a snake, eydaqknalt is a turtle, so aaxrgadb is more likely to be rude than eydaqknalt
mgxcreswzi is a snake, nwkojkcjztct is a turtle, so mgxcreswzi is more likely to be rude than nwkojkcjztct
vvkygfnwm is a snake, ifcoeus is a turtle, so vvkygfnwm is more likely to be rude than ifcoeus
avmqxidl is a snake, taj is a turtle, so avmqxidl is more likely to be rude than taj
jzczq is a snake, tls is a turtle, so tls is less likely to be rude than jzczq
xitw is a snake, htszjxn is a turtle, so htszjxn is less likely to be rude than xitw
bbxuo is a snake, xlgnuasomt is a turtle, so xlgnuasomt is less likely to be rude than bbxuo
qkwxwmg is a snake, zaxjjnom is a turtle, so zaxjjnom is less likely to be rude than qkwxwmg
ozzyfx is a snake, mdhxsad is a turtle, so mdhxsad is less likely to be rude than ozzyfx
jdeobc is a snake, ojvoih is a turtle, so jdeobc is not less likely to be rude than ojvoih
vvvketn is a snake, mftx is a turtle, so vvvketn is not less likely to be rude than mftx
zkxw is a snake, lkizrcdg is a turtle, so zkxw is not less likely to be rude than lkizrcdg
gbkm is a snake, ldi is a turtle, so gbkm is not less likely to be rude than ldi
fakayfmqses is a snake, arrhpnkaeyez is a turtle, so fakayfmqses is not less likely to be rude than arrhpnkaeyez
mewecooqrsr is a snake, kswuqvewmpbf is a turtle, so kswuqvewmpbf is not more likely to be rude than mewecooqrsr
zdfeymmw is a snake, gbrjgaqgqwax is a turtle, so gbrjgaqgqwax is not more likely to be rude than zdfeymmw
ynultzdw is a snake, fhylk is a turtle, so fhylk is not more likely to be rude than ynultzdw
gsgqhacja is a snake, emfmthkin is a turtle, so emfmthkin is not more likely to be rude than gsgqhacja
mjgaicqeijhs is a snake, nopa is a turtle, so nopa is not more likely to be rude than mjgaicqeijhs
qpwacz is a pig, pviid is a hamster, so qpwacz is less likely to wallow than pviid
wtxt is a pig, xgdaw is a hamster, so wtxt is less likely to wallow than xgdaw
gsqzz is a pig, wuxdde is a hamster, so gsqzz is less likely to wallow than wuxdde
uqwdpdmhlvt is a pig, olayjtyyv is a hamster, so uqwdpdmhlvt is less likely to wallow than olayjtyyv
oaoqv is a pig, lzhhkt is a hamster, so oaoqv is less likely to wallow than lzhhkt
buanfls is a pig, fiml is a hamster, so fiml is less likely to wallow than buanfls
mhgskadcm is a pig, rdrat is a hamster, so rdrat is less likely to wallow than mhgskadcm
umuf is a pig, bhiiiay is a hamster, so bhiiiay is less likely to wallow than umuf
ppmtorp is a pig, bednuurfdmy is a hamster, so bednuurfdmy is less likely to wallow than ppmtorp
vyvblvcj is a pig, cvalalwrnm is a hamster, so cvalalwrnm is less likely to wallow than vyvblvcj
tnmk is a pig, iegzakfmdt is a hamster, so tnmk is not less likely to wallow than iegzakfmdt
zwl is a pig, tglmaekbnjm is a hamster, so zwl is not less likely to wallow than tglmaekbnjm
fvutxnaskdp is a pig, mccmryafw is a hamster, so fvutxnaskdp is not less likely to wallow than mccmryafw
dkti is a pig, myztar is a hamster, so dkti is not less likely to wallow than myztar
gtpbmginwsgt is a pig, hxognaj is a hamster, so gtpbmginwsgt is not less likely to wallow than hxognaj
fyaknchdfghp is a pig, ulkckmic is a hamster, so ulkckmic is not more likely to wallow than fyaknchdfghp
kxmda is a pig, mnoaxismdwf is a hamster, so mnoaxismdwf is not more likely to wallow than kxmda
ckhoegztym is a pig, btxb is a hamster, so btxb is not more likely to wallow than ckhoegztym
qjlqvn is a pig, fichgg is a hamster, so fichgg is not more likely to wallow than qjlqvn
pvdvghpkvn is a pig, rfhsdfuyq is a hamster, so rfhsdfuyq is not more likely to wallow than pvdvghpkvn
angphl is a bear, xuteb is a deer, so angphl is more likely to climb a tree than xuteb
zghlpq is a bear, bmie is a deer, so zghlpq is more likely to climb a tree than bmie
clqobnbcw is a bear, takqlwfsl is a deer, so clqobnbcw is more likely to climb a tree than takqlwfsl
rsbh is a bear, vlpon is a deer, so rsbh is more likely to climb a tree than vlpon
tqtijbuijos is a bear, ucubpwe is a deer, so tqtijbuijos is more likely to climb a tree than ucubpwe
rpuzbjd is a bear, ebtoqpwxnpt is a deer, so ebtoqpwxnpt is less likely to climb a tree than rpuzbjd
wolmxqty is a bear, esluxkhamlua is a deer, so esluxkhamlua is less likely to climb a tree than wolmxqty
bgtenppdnyj is a bear, orcuvocc is a deer, so orcuvocc is less likely to climb a tree than bgtenppdnyj
qrymywpbr is a bear, chtlqcbkcu is a deer, so chtlqcbkcu is less likely to climb a tree than qrymywpbr
jejdt is a bear, zjwcou is a deer, so zjwcou is less likely to climb a tree than jejdt
lyvx is a bear, ofwnpcmao is a deer, so lyvx is not less likely to climb a tree than ofwnpcmao
kkfw is a bear, qxqralurm is a deer, so kkfw is not less likely to climb a tree than qxqralurm
gaunepoitkcl is a bear, lzktvin is a deer, so gaunepoitkcl is not less likely to climb a tree than lzktvin
rjaytdkdpti is a bear, epbt is a deer, so rjaytdkdpti is not less likely to climb a tree than epbt
voxmnvypaeb is a bear, aypvgaog is a deer, so voxmnvypaeb is not less likely to climb a tree than aypvgaog
nwmpmmlnbikc is a bear, dklwn is a deer, so dklwn is not more likely to climb a tree than nwmpmmlnbikc
wisanrcly is a bear, prlbae is a deer, so prlbae is not more likely to climb a tree than wisanrcly
cjo is a bear, oxvikme is a deer, so oxvikme is not more likely to climb a tree than cjo
twmez is a bear, ajint is a deer, so ajint is not more likely to climb a tree than twmez
danjgygcmktv is a bear, lhrcuaph is a deer, so lhrcuaph is not more likely to climb a tree than danjgygcmktv
qjfos is a bear, isoy is a squirrel, so qjfos is more likely to be in the countryside than isoy
jtpsxiai is a bear, llzhqfda is a squirrel, so jtpsxiai is more likely to be in the countryside than llzhqfda
lqzkmrpqiorl is a bear, wya is a squirrel, so lqzkmrpqiorl is more likely to be in the countryside than wya
fwlauxtsn is a bear, gvn is a squirrel, so fwlauxtsn is more likely to be in the countryside than gvn
pmorijsvqqni is a bear, gqbvfgm is a squirrel, so pmorijsvqqni is more likely to be in the countryside than gqbvfgm
gdreosczx is a bear, sntyrewrlcmy is a squirrel, so sntyrewrlcmy is more likely to be in the countryside than gdreosczx
dqieeuvwtgd is a bear, ten is a squirrel, so ten is more likely to be in the countryside than dqieeuvwtgd
tslhyub is a bear, xpj is a squirrel, so xpj is more likely to be in the countryside than tslhyub
lld is a bear, ijzs is a squirrel, so ijzs is more likely to be in the countryside than lld
vdqhbes is a bear, efgqcepjjhxj is a squirrel, so efgqcepjjhxj is more likely to be in the countryside than vdqhbes
cgutqhmgvaa is a bear, wrtegkujaj is a squirrel, so cgutqhmgvaa is not less likely to be in the countryside than wrtegkujaj
xuzzcb is a bear, jzzicrhbhj is a squirrel, so xuzzcb is not less likely to be in the countryside than jzzicrhbhj
rgryzueipc is a bear, lspe is a squirrel, so rgryzueipc is not less likely to be in the countryside than lspe
pniyykgv is a bear, oygn is a squirrel, so pniyykgv is not less likely to be in the countryside than oygn
opbgvibvz is a bear, gyy is a squirrel, so opbgvibvz is not less likely to be in the countryside than gyy
dnijythgio is a bear, uzgzdtuat is a squirrel, so uzgzdtuat is not more likely to be in the countryside than dnijythgio
yopcfq is a bear, yqtjeufrr is a squirrel, so yqtjeufrr is not more likely to be in the countryside than yopcfq
qbzivsu is a bear, gvsle is a squirrel, so gvsle is not more likely to be in the countryside than qbzivsu
fkcx is a bear, wbgphr is a squirrel, so wbgphr is not more likely to be in the countryside than fkcx
zutuciblxn is a bear, nphplafd is a squirrel, so nphplafd is not more likely to be in the countryside than zutuciblxn
krf is a fox, plv is a fly, so krf is less likely to be in a box than plv
daopr is a fox, nobqcfhydjo is a fly, so daopr is less likely to be in a box than nobqcfhydjo
nekdszehbbv is a fox, ifgcvzye is a fly, so nekdszehbbv is less likely to be in a box than ifgcvzye
bpebp is a fox, tkpa is a fly, so bpebp is less likely to be in a box than tkpa
qpbudrjhfw is a fox, ffmmvbyrwc is a fly, so qpbudrjhfw is less likely to be in a box than ffmmvbyrwc
eoooa is a fox, nlusb is a fly, so nlusb is more likely to be in a box than eoooa
itrlzvrcs is a fox, cnyshkrptc is a fly, so cnyshkrptc is more likely to be in a box than itrlzvrcs
glafrnscq is a fox, yzoyqtgop is a fly, so yzoyqtgop is more likely to be in a box than glafrnscq
tcaikk is a fox, fjnk is a fly, so fjnk is more likely to be in a box than tcaikk
rgtxhbmj is a fox, wkiebmom is a fly, so wkiebmom is more likely to be in a box than rgtxhbmj
efampklxx is a fox, vihdhaafsqs is a fly, so efampklxx is not less likely to be in a box than vihdhaafsqs
ryolt is a fox, gsfaljcfsewc is a fly, so ryolt is not less likely to be in a box than gsfaljcfsewc
ell is a fox, ebvwaihaq is a fly, so ell is not less likely to be in a box than ebvwaihaq
ypvsiinydgwr is a fox, vlcrdup is a fly, so ypvsiinydgwr is not less likely to be in a box than vlcrdup
odljvjln is a fox, ejivp is a fly, so odljvjln is not less likely to be in a box than ejivp
rsfdeqhec is a fox, vxaqyse is a fly, so vxaqyse is not more likely to be in a box than rsfdeqhec
yeuh is a fox, pig is a fly, so pig is not more likely to be in a box than yeuh
hsxvhropmha is a fox, eqmznyfluman is a fly, so eqmznyfluman is not more likely to be in a box than hsxvhropmha
jgnt is a fox, evwptvk is a fly, so evwptvk is not more likely to be in a box than jgnt
eyoqhtxyb is a fox, faud is a fly, so faud is not more likely to be in a box than eyoqhtxyb
uvskbysytm is a kangaroo, mpdwkix is a giraffe, so uvskbysytm is more likely to jump than mpdwkix
dulyrslfjq is a kangaroo, bgrhma is a giraffe, so dulyrslfjq is more likely to jump than bgrhma
zfkzbckrcv is a kangaroo, oigdzlrxpq is a giraffe, so zfkzbckrcv is more likely to jump than oigdzlrxpq
gxnyap is a kangaroo, abww is a giraffe, so gxnyap is more likely to jump than abww
ptmsjgxrpdj is a kangaroo, gqmt is a giraffe, so ptmsjgxrpdj is more likely to jump than gqmt
ool is a kangaroo, dgiiwahwnruz is a giraffe, so dgiiwahwnruz is less likely to jump than ool
ejqfoun is a kangaroo, zsvswpvmjv is a giraffe, so zsvswpvmjv is less likely to jump than ejqfoun
ujnduistxe is a kangaroo, emimfbgw is a giraffe, so emimfbgw is less likely to jump than ujnduistxe
ubcf is a kangaroo, tkema is a giraffe, so tkema is less likely to jump than ubcf
kzwezqfly is a kangaroo, ldxmkrill is a giraffe, so ldxmkrill is less likely to jump than kzwezqfly
fbgbeqxyqewr is a kangaroo, rprgbwyq is a giraffe, so fbgbeqxyqewr is not less likely to jump than rprgbwyq
qof is a kangaroo, jkpd is a giraffe, so qof is not less likely to jump than jkpd
zjpirzlzks is a kangaroo, fbecxjxp is a giraffe, so zjpirzlzks is not less likely to jump than fbecxjxp
zxteaopvrbh is a kangaroo, mqrwmefeq is a giraffe, so zxteaopvrbh is not less likely to jump than mqrwmefeq
pxtllfchaah is a kangaroo, qlz is a giraffe, so pxtllfchaah is not less likely to jump than qlz
tutgibe is a kangaroo, rvrl is a giraffe, so rvrl is not more likely to jump than tutgibe
wevyeluijar is a kangaroo, zqhaqj is a giraffe, so zqhaqj is not more likely to jump than wevyeluijar
rkmsl is a kangaroo, oqmrxjetbfb is a giraffe, so oqmrxjetbfb is not more likely to jump than rkmsl
kgrhst is a kangaroo, btycmlreyqn is a giraffe, so btycmlreyqn is not more likely to jump than kgrhst
dwtux is a kangaroo, wlkmp is a giraffe, so wlkmp is not more likely to jump than dwtux
fzbvzsadm is a spider, azdfkac is a kangaroo, so fzbvzsadm is more likely to be in a web than azdfkac
tmjzpuidhwjw is a spider, gmdhfby is a kangaroo, so tmjzpuidhwjw is more likely to be in a web than gmdhfby
jnqeembllu is a spider, qbvjbutflls is a kangaroo, so jnqeembllu is more likely to be in a web than qbvjbutflls
gavnpum is a spider, fomlzhld is a kangaroo, so gavnpum is more likely to be in a web than fomlzhld
cxpeqzkivjqh is a spider, qivegaejbr is a kangaroo, so cxpeqzkivjqh is more likely to be in a web than qivegaejbr
sqwobldoflkm is a spider, spibmy is a kangaroo, so spibmy is less likely to be in a web than sqwobldoflkm
wrbt is a spider, ums is a kangaroo, so ums is less likely to be in a web than wrbt
lwnaighhoysh is a spider, zphaj is a kangaroo, so zphaj is less likely to be in a web than lwnaighhoysh
xyenysah is a spider, qmkxbpv is a kangaroo, so qmkxbpv is less likely to be in a web than xyenysah
dvdcgjnt is a spider, bga is a kangaroo, so bga is less likely to be in a web than dvdcgjnt
cnjv is a spider, rzrfh is a kangaroo, so cnjv is not less likely to be in a web than rzrfh
zdznoyuigtk is a spider, cthoik is a kangaroo, so zdznoyuigtk is not less likely to be in a web than cthoik
qvaw is a spider, hoknnthrqt is a kangaroo, so qvaw is not less likely to be in a web than hoknnthrqt
bdniutu is a spider, xmnulmqza is a kangaroo, so bdniutu is not less likely to be in a web than xmnulmqza
ydxg is a spider, lqqzzvolxloq is a kangaroo, so ydxg is not less likely to be in a web than lqqzzvolxloq
bgewewzfsaah is a spider, zxqew is a kangaroo, so zxqew is not more likely to be in a web than bgewewzfsaah
afvbz is a spider, stlkstwkw is a kangaroo, so stlkstwkw is not more likely to be in a web than afvbz
bjilztwpogn is a spider, dnmozxevoled is a kangaroo, so dnmozxevoled is not more likely to be in a web than bjilztwpogn
tmtvhpayllya is a spider, vpcw is a kangaroo, so vpcw is not more likely to be in a web than tmtvhpayllya
bfeztztjhl is a spider, lojlynav is a kangaroo, so lojlynav is not more likely to be in a web than bfeztztjhl
zgesfcv is a pig, dpwkiyzawpv is an alligator, so zgesfcv is more likely to find truffles than dpwkiyzawpv
cemmsejmxpub is a pig, itkdnkeq is an alligator, so cemmsejmxpub is more likely to find truffles than itkdnkeq
ivvwsv is a pig, mfqk is an alligator, so ivvwsv is more likely to find truffles than mfqk
rznqgzchfh is a pig, qpk is an alligator, so rznqgzchfh is more likely to find truffles than qpk
skdlgtgkwko is a pig, pngxeoumq is an alligator, so skdlgtgkwko is more likely to find truffles than pngxeoumq
umfkazibtway is a pig, jxe is an alligator, so jxe is less likely to find truffles than umfkazibtway
fteuczjpmyoc is a pig, sodnqp is an alligator, so sodnqp is less likely to find truffles than fteuczjpmyoc
xzfz is a pig, xqebjpypewpl is an alligator, so xqebjpypewpl is less likely to find truffles than xzfz
uzqsvglh is a pig, fjncz is an alligator, so fjncz is less likely to find truffles than uzqsvglh
jcdf is a pig, sfhtjl is an alligator, so sfhtjl is less likely to find truffles than jcdf
ikksqpwuxr is a pig, stqrejjvfc is an alligator, so ikksqpwuxr is not less likely to find truffles than stqrejjvfc
uiidwzfkgru is a pig, taoxxo is an alligator, so uiidwzfkgru is not less likely to find truffles than taoxxo
cgksopmogmm is a pig, pgnxcxfmthmd is an alligator, so cgksopmogmm is not less likely to find truffles than pgnxcxfmthmd
hmeeqtno is a pig, pdfq is an alligator, so hmeeqtno is not less likely to find truffles than pdfq
jfr is a pig, spllatimpz is an alligator, so jfr is not less likely to find truffles than spllatimpz
fswkvoregad is a pig, rfduuksst is an alligator, so rfduuksst is not more likely to find truffles than fswkvoregad
mekpuimn is a pig, vtaxnffamzpv is an alligator, so vtaxnffamzpv is not more likely to find truffles than mekpuimn
nznzd is a pig, gzpdhfymsl is an alligator, so gzpdhfymsl is not more likely to find truffles than nznzd
tsmwvgujhdnu is a pig, lbe is an alligator, so lbe is not more likely to find truffles than tsmwvgujhdnu
zsfthqfromq is a pig, nrotusutdc is an alligator, so nrotusutdc is not more likely to find truffles than zsfthqfromq
bqcm is a bee, hxqv is a tiger, so bqcm is more likely to be in the sky than hxqv
hnvp is a bee, ddhhhnxhjunm is a tiger, so hnvp is more likely to be in the sky than ddhhhnxhjunm
ungfimcdodc is a bee, nehkigo is a tiger, so ungfimcdodc is more likely to be in the sky than nehkigo
ouwcyyvfz is a bee, jplb is a tiger, so ouwcyyvfz is more likely to be in the sky than jplb
yiicqohhh is a bee, zoqtsjgllbqz is a tiger, so yiicqohhh is more likely to be in the sky than zoqtsjgllbqz
jjtl is a bee, udrtwurvf is a tiger, so udrtwurvf is less likely to be in the sky than jjtl
rwung is a bee, zdapxvhvhzu is a tiger, so zdapxvhvhzu is less likely to be in the sky than rwung
fbjncjunw is a bee, nymluekjaip is a tiger, so nymluekjaip is less likely to be in the sky than fbjncjunw
rrtlqznfs is a bee, vuytuqa is a tiger, so vuytuqa is less likely to be in the sky than rrtlqznfs
bsamubtqwqgj is a bee, tvk is a tiger, so tvk is less likely to be in the sky than bsamubtqwqgj
gvomdke is a bee, ojt is a tiger, so gvomdke is not less likely to be in the sky than ojt
sclt is a bee, lvfvfaaxqvj is a tiger, so sclt is not less likely to be in the sky than lvfvfaaxqvj
lixgzncsblns is a bee, gzzpvjrfyn is a tiger, so lixgzncsblns is not less likely to be in the sky than gzzpvjrfyn
ygyj is a bee, ttz is a tiger, so ygyj is not less likely to be in the sky than ttz
vzzsfwib is a bee, hedcwfsr is a tiger, so vzzsfwib is not less likely to be in the sky than hedcwfsr
jlucxpc is a bee, iyoqeyenqsps is a tiger, so iyoqeyenqsps is not more likely to be in the sky than jlucxpc
hbqdcsjgy is a bee, wjgtedzdqtgn is a tiger, so wjgtedzdqtgn is not more likely to be in the sky than hbqdcsjgy
yxlnnechybg is a bee, snw is a tiger, so snw is not more likely to be in the sky than yxlnnechybg
thzbfcch is a bee, dfqnwybuv is a tiger, so dfqnwybuv is not more likely to be in the sky than thzbfcch
sizh is a bee, jkhtijdoco is a tiger, so jkhtijdoco is not more likely to be in the sky than sizh
jrpkgikc is a snake, qgrbhzr is a dolphin, so jrpkgikc is more likely to be in a field than qgrbhzr
xeuureyoon is a snake, xvrphlbapi is a dolphin, so xeuureyoon is more likely to be in a field than xvrphlbapi
efvqnio is a snake, iuz is a dolphin, so efvqnio is more likely to be in a field than iuz
vwuusfqrz is a snake, eraudlnrrld is a dolphin, so vwuusfqrz is more likely to be in a field than eraudlnrrld
rdlasdvzu is a snake, jqhfwz is a dolphin, so rdlasdvzu is more likely to be in a field than jqhfwz
rxqlxqa is a snake, apqwsycrvgj is a dolphin, so apqwsycrvgj is less likely to be in a field than rxqlxqa
vgvklbpeqzk is a snake, awkencfgw is a dolphin, so awkencfgw is less likely to be in a field than vgvklbpeqzk
gbdmjqdx is a snake, tfgtnbhowc is a dolphin, so tfgtnbhowc is less likely to be in a field than gbdmjqdx
rzpknk is a snake, ftwpsjtt is a dolphin, so ftwpsjtt is less likely to be in a field than rzpknk
sjklwsfwy is a snake, zuohkai is a dolphin, so zuohkai is less likely to be in a field than sjklwsfwy
kkljpmaddoj is a snake, rhoa is a dolphin, so kkljpmaddoj is not more likely to be in a field than rhoa
hkgpz is a snake, xzv is a dolphin, so hkgpz is not more likely to be in a field than xzv
yptfmznwhbde is a snake, rplvvtl is a dolphin, so yptfmznwhbde is not more likely to be in a field than rplvvtl
nsddyuqspm is a snake, dfsupxc is a dolphin, so nsddyuqspm is not more likely to be in a field than dfsupxc
airgsabiuyk is a snake, tthffp is a dolphin, so airgsabiuyk is not more likely to be in a field than tthffp
fbwqelqgwkl is a snake, mtlrwp is a dolphin, so mtlrwp is not more likely to be in a field than fbwqelqgwkl
kjlrqssvgo is a snake, asxmxsaadr is a dolphin, so asxmxsaadr is not more likely to be in a field than kjlrqssvgo
dsxbuifu is a snake, nwlqul is a dolphin, so nwlqul is not more likely to be in a field than dsxbuifu
ywvobpy is a snake, itjfhl is a dolphin, so itjfhl is not more likely to be in a field than ywvobpy
mgc is a snake, arhluwdwvdm is a dolphin, so arhluwdwvdm is not more likely to be in a field than mgc
vsvibtgodp is a cat, pvbvu is a cheetah, so vsvibtgodp is more likely to be in my lap than pvbvu
nyjxj is a cat, asrcn is a cheetah, so nyjxj is more likely to be in my lap than asrcn
qgpkuhyr is a cat, syewthkim is a cheetah, so qgpkuhyr is more likely to be in my lap than syewthkim
mntycanubaja is a cat, lxlhoej is a cheetah, so mntycanubaja is more likely to be in my lap than lxlhoej
ldoajjavn is a cat, qrmgl is a cheetah, so ldoajjavn is more likely to be in my lap than qrmgl
utnmf is a cat, tlx is a cheetah, so tlx is less likely to be in my lap than utnmf
lcnovl is a cat, bxbosodxurcb is a cheetah, so bxbosodxurcb is less likely to be in my lap than lcnovl
tenavykuij is a cat, wprxm is a cheetah, so wprxm is less likely to be in my lap than tenavykuij
knep is a cat, byfbewwvov is a cheetah, so byfbewwvov is less likely to be in my lap than knep
hwgxzn is a cat, dbwu is a cheetah, so dbwu is less likely to be in my lap than hwgxzn
wurgjtbolvj is a cat, deyjjwzisle is a cheetah, so wurgjtbolvj is not less likely to be in my lap than deyjjwzisle
isszjsgawt is a cat, lunpksrspjqf is a cheetah, so isszjsgawt is not less likely to be in my lap than lunpksrspjqf
eoswyhiapfj is a cat, rumadwqby is a cheetah, so eoswyhiapfj is not less likely to be in my lap than rumadwqby
rgxc is a cat, xgadmsmps is a cheetah, so rgxc is not less likely to be in my lap than xgadmsmps
ktfqbskhbd is a cat, bmfgitxn is a cheetah, so ktfqbskhbd is not less likely to be in my lap than bmfgitxn
ntuynymsrg is a cat, icyuicvircw is a cheetah, so icyuicvircw is not more likely to be in my lap than ntuynymsrg
gfxdnnpfwvz is a cat, wwia is a cheetah, so wwia is not more likely to be in my lap than gfxdnnpfwvz
seunnxpti is a cat, wzbpv is a cheetah, so wzbpv is not more likely to be in my lap than seunnxpti
bsju is a cat, walxwbtbevn is a cheetah, so walxwbtbevn is not more likely to be in my lap than bsju
qkqqmwwmoa is a cat, ndjt is a cheetah, so ndjt is not more likely to be in my lap than qkqqmwwmoa
gxsowhbrts is a fly, zwoqyaxwavz is a fish, so gxsowhbrts is more likely to fly around than zwoqyaxwavz
zzcyglpaajnm is a fly, yzgkjiq is a fish, so zzcyglpaajnm is more likely to fly around than yzgkjiq
muvtrrobvdtb is a fly, wfjbszhu is a fish, so muvtrrobvdtb is more likely to fly around than wfjbszhu
xiahvhxqitwu is a fly, htfroxz is a fish, so xiahvhxqitwu is more likely to fly around than htfroxz
ocdxyvyalpx is a fly, sks is a fish, so ocdxyvyalpx is more likely to fly around than sks
dgysz is a fly, nha is a fish, so nha is less likely to fly around than dgysz
vwekxezpz is a fly, qarazo is a fish, so qarazo is less likely to fly around than vwekxezpz
udsmtwno is a fly, elbnwvdymeq is a fish, so elbnwvdymeq is less likely to fly around than udsmtwno
hkxyseg is a fly, lcuixge is a fish, so lcuixge is less likely to fly around than hkxyseg
qiuzhdqqnjar is a fly, ghkbioqtw is a fish, so ghkbioqtw is less likely to fly around than qiuzhdqqnjar
wtxipxehla is a fly, hrwohigsp is a fish, so wtxipxehla is not less likely to fly around than hrwohigsp
qutjwcbicjl is a fly, zhwswaklx is a fish, so qutjwcbicjl is not less likely to fly around than zhwswaklx
amzbxrfzuw is a fly, mahx is a fish, so amzbxrfzuw is not less likely to fly around than mahx
jinvwpafmf is a fly, bsujjdqbr is a fish, so jinvwpafmf is not less likely to fly around than bsujjdqbr
mume is a fly, cabihmywjui is a fish, so mume is not less likely to fly around than cabihmywjui
wlpftgzpjju is a fly, fbaow is a fish, so fbaow is not more likely to fly around than wlpftgzpjju
qarodykxv is a fly, zizxbeb is a fish, so zizxbeb is not more likely to fly around than qarodykxv
xmfga is a fly, xutxt is a fish, so xutxt is not more likely to fly around than xmfga
sucn is a fly, vpzzwfx is a fish, so vpzzwfx is not more likely to fly around than sucn
xvonwbkggu is a fly, vixqunxz is a fish, so vixqunxz is not more likely to fly around than xvonwbkggu
dczd is a turtle, zuerhheimfu is a frog, so dczd is more likely to live in water than zuerhheimfu
qltogrnwpsm is a turtle, gnhaop is a frog, so qltogrnwpsm is more likely to live in water than gnhaop
zrxkw is a turtle, pmpdrob is a frog, so zrxkw is more likely to live in water than pmpdrob
xzxjmnyd is a turtle, vzy is a frog, so xzxjmnyd is more likely to live in water than vzy
bbgawoxxs is a turtle, wwkyjuxog is a frog, so bbgawoxxs is more likely to live in water than wwkyjuxog
rtqlctycxg is a turtle, nelneynlrci is a frog, so nelneynlrci is less likely to live in water than rtqlctycxg
cht is a turtle, phujnyfwpbu is a frog, so phujnyfwpbu is less likely to live in water than cht
nswbaqgg is a turtle, otsjtnjspjbt is a frog, so otsjtnjspjbt is less likely to live in water than nswbaqgg
uyzisjrx is a turtle, rgdxkagh is a frog, so rgdxkagh is less likely to live in water than uyzisjrx
naphdydrco is a turtle, bmb is a frog, so bmb is less likely to live in water than naphdydrco
yfu is a turtle, nutu is a frog, so yfu is not less likely to live in water than nutu
jmazv is a turtle, frmmbkvkl is a frog, so jmazv is not less likely to live in water than frmmbkvkl
fxmfuycmhbkk is a turtle, sxuh is a frog, so fxmfuycmhbkk is not less likely to live in water than sxuh
bfxnwgkrk is a turtle, dqc is a frog, so bfxnwgkrk is not less likely to live in water than dqc
jelzqitn is a turtle, mtg is a frog, so jelzqitn is not less likely to live in water than mtg
cvbenqmrmd is a turtle, vdfudj is a frog, so vdfudj is not more likely to live in water than cvbenqmrmd
tzissgbjeia is a turtle, pnfvdtdqsea is a frog, so pnfvdtdqsea is not more likely to live in water than tzissgbjeia
hudoxwtdka is a turtle, npcehofcqvy is a frog, so npcehofcqvy is not more likely to live in water than hudoxwtdka
ewclox is a turtle, gnqdfp is a frog, so gnqdfp is not more likely to live in water than ewclox
falkmvwnnz is a turtle, iblhukktqbjh is a frog, so iblhukktqbjh is not more likely to live in water than falkmvwnnz
tizvwve is a chicken, abaldzn is a cat, so tizvwve is more likely to become a food than abaldzn
pdqbkduk is a chicken, dmzuprwgh is a cat, so pdqbkduk is more likely to become a food than dmzuprwgh
wlwfsrstmbk is a chicken, bexalhxeclz is a cat, so wlwfsrstmbk is more likely to become a food than bexalhxeclz
exoua is a chicken, diy is a cat, so exoua is more likely to become a food than diy
mgrhaygf is a chicken, tgjq is a cat, so mgrhaygf is more likely to become a food than tgjq
devvvybbnp is a chicken, usvsmk is a cat, so usvsmk is less likely to become a food than devvvybbnp
rdaqcjziehge is a chicken, xmdtaczfs is a cat, so xmdtaczfs is less likely to become a food than rdaqcjziehge
afluvzvgh is a chicken, xuin is a cat, so xuin is less likely to become a food than afluvzvgh
phkpylmuohm is a chicken, fwpllmqbzcc is a cat, so fwpllmqbzcc is less likely to become a food than phkpylmuohm
akdqubgjac is a chicken, avqfigbyfsuc is a cat, so avqfigbyfsuc is less likely to become a food than akdqubgjac
pyiks is a chicken, vbndejur is a cat, so pyiks is not less likely to become a food than vbndejur
comodwdkii is a chicken, yscc is a cat, so comodwdkii is not less likely to become a food than yscc
xwkhdkhqxahu is a chicken, mogsjtkw is a cat, so xwkhdkhqxahu is not less likely to become a food than mogsjtkw
jgpyjnhx is a chicken, bla is a cat, so jgpyjnhx is not less likely to become a food than bla
wgpildtvfccx is a chicken, ltd is a cat, so wgpildtvfccx is not less likely to become a food than ltd
jaayyjkykary is a chicken, msgjo is a cat, so msgjo is not more likely to become a food than jaayyjkykary
uhepp is a chicken, zpqkcz is a cat, so zpqkcz is not more likely to become a food than uhepp
biht is a chicken, wpltrjokuc is a cat, so wpltrjokuc is not more likely to become a food than biht
vornqk is a chicken, gqjugwoevclo is a cat, so gqjugwoevclo is not more likely to become a food than vornqk
ikxpijrbfxw is a chicken, oprr is a cat, so oprr is not more likely to become a food than ikxpijrbfxw
ujphbej is a spider, sesemfksza is a ant, so ujphbej is more likely to be on the floor than sesemfksza
mllzluk is a spider, chu is a ant, so mllzluk is more likely to be on the floor than chu
gpwx is a spider, rvjyodqfakxx is a ant, so gpwx is more likely to be on the floor than rvjyodqfakxx
ofox is a spider, cyixdvrtdgh is a ant, so ofox is more likely to be on the floor than cyixdvrtdgh
iwjmlr is a spider, lsonxp is a ant, so iwjmlr is more likely to be on the floor than lsonxp
zcjptwawns is a spider, lsbzllamvi is an ant, so lsbzllamvi is more likely to be on the floor than zcjptwawns
ytsthneyp is a spider, zbpi is an ant, so zbpi is more likely to be on the floor than ytsthneyp
ebvmqto is a spider, mthqedxpaby is an ant, so mthqedxpaby is more likely to be on the floor than ebvmqto
zgmgjocnb is a spider, tlfapbwxiebo is an ant, so tlfapbwxiebo is more likely to be on the floor than zgmgjocnb
zqba is a spider, mswnpsldpt is an ant, so mswnpsldpt is more likely to be on the floor than zqba
dhwhex is a spider, hiy is an ant, so dhwhex is not more likely to be on the floor than hiy
hrfljvxl is a spider, blonndyy is an ant, so hrfljvxl is not more likely to be on the floor than blonndyy
deuvzs is a spider, jsznokab is an ant, so deuvzs is not more likely to be on the floor than jsznokab
oobscjy is a spider, wmjca is an ant, so oobscjy is not more likely to be on the floor than wmjca
qvhzhvbkx is a spider, hjctisafdw is an ant, so qvhzhvbkx is not more likely to be on the floor than hjctisafdw
wcbpf is a spider, glw is an ant, so glw is not more likely to be on the floor than wcbpf
nigvggbuvc is a spider, cfww is an ant, so cfww is not more likely to be on the floor than nigvggbuvc
yybxmhn is a spider, yxozauc is an ant, so yxozauc is not more likely to be on the floor than yybxmhn
gfcvsvh is a spider, pcc is an ant, so pcc is not more likely to be on the floor than gfcvsvh
bmxdywgikoc is a spider, ptg is an ant, so ptg is not more likely to be on the floor than bmxdywgikoc
nhixqwkhfhpb is a rabbit, mzoayy is a seal, so nhixqwkhfhpb is more likely to spring over a bush than mzoayy
cbwgqa is a rabbit, ztlafjwuvhf is a seal, so cbwgqa is more likely to spring over a bush than ztlafjwuvhf
xbpfvdiglj is a rabbit, rhriicnbd is a seal, so xbpfvdiglj is more likely to spring over a bush than rhriicnbd
higzqgcszv is a rabbit, hmwbxlxrspz is a seal, so higzqgcszv is more likely to spring over a bush than hmwbxlxrspz
aqufy is a rabbit, nevjrvdqzcgj is a seal, so aqufy is more likely to spring over a bush than nevjrvdqzcgj
hkhu is a rabbit, tqsvpnfy is a seal, so tqsvpnfy is less likely to spring over a bush than hkhu
bdzynjel is a rabbit, kauvzutrhj is a seal, so kauvzutrhj is less likely to spring over a bush than bdzynjel
kcjwnubmluow is a rabbit, yppp is a seal, so yppp is less likely to spring over a bush than kcjwnubmluow
fqn is a rabbit, lidwz is a seal, so lidwz is less likely to spring over a bush than fqn
konyyhwbiykj is a rabbit, msjbzdvblki is a seal, so msjbzdvblki is less likely to spring over a bush than konyyhwbiykj
uxycpdhylzcw is a rabbit, stdghcio is a seal, so uxycpdhylzcw is not less likely to spring over a bush than stdghcio
kerwcwflvgqx is a rabbit, frqasjizypv is a seal, so kerwcwflvgqx is not less likely to spring over a bush than frqasjizypv
ixptnqmz is a rabbit, yzzq is a seal, so ixptnqmz is not less likely to spring over a bush than yzzq
tbxdaafg is a rabbit, puzztoqkwk is a seal, so tbxdaafg is not less likely to spring over a bush than puzztoqkwk
svcdfhsrn is a rabbit, syrsvgt is a seal, so svcdfhsrn is not less likely to spring over a bush than syrsvgt
ambh is a rabbit, ftuahzbqgqmr is a seal, so ftuahzbqgqmr is not more likely to spring over a bush than ambh
dec is a rabbit, epdsrou is a seal, so epdsrou is not more likely to spring over a bush than dec
pbhhyvjtmc is a rabbit, pnasm is a seal, so pnasm is not more likely to spring over a bush than pbhhyvjtmc
owjzgqjz is a rabbit, ddouxplns is a seal, so ddouxplns is not more likely to spring over a bush than owjzgqjz
dghqc is a rabbit, upwr is a seal, so upwr is not more likely to spring over a bush than dghqc
nvke is a elephant, mvnkarg is a rat, so nvke is more likely to lift logs from the ground than mvnkarg
gjjfzlpbxbo is a elephant, aoq is a rat, so gjjfzlpbxbo is more likely to lift logs from the ground than aoq
bbzy is a elephant, wlqnshbbsr is a rat, so bbzy is more likely to lift logs from the ground than wlqnshbbsr
aookgejgmbr is a elephant, wizphvirhj is a rat, so aookgejgmbr is more likely to lift logs from the ground than wizphvirhj
taiofaqhkdh is a elephant, ywfptdfcgm is a rat, so taiofaqhkdh is more likely to lift logs from the ground than ywfptdfcgm
bmozpblldrt is a elephant, gqomr is a rat, so gqomr is less likely to lift logs from the ground than bmozpblldrt
ijikczva is a elephant, djedabnkvs is a rat, so djedabnkvs is less likely to lift logs from the ground than ijikczva
xyi is a elephant, kkwfpjakdqiq is a rat, so kkwfpjakdqiq is less likely to lift logs from the ground than xyi
mtm is a elephant, djsgafi is a rat, so djsgafi is less likely to lift logs from the ground than mtm
zjkbbj is a elephant, uvtwporbth is a rat, so uvtwporbth is less likely to lift logs from the ground than zjkbbj
ductb is a elephant, ppsmzpqchbtp is a rat, so ductb is not less likely to lift logs from the ground than ppsmzpqchbtp
tcyqdiqin is a elephant, ttoxniz is a rat, so tcyqdiqin is not less likely to lift logs from the ground than ttoxniz
tcskr is a elephant, ruigmcfb is a rat, so tcskr is not less likely to lift logs from the ground than ruigmcfb
fxpm is a elephant, ducl is a rat, so fxpm is not less likely to lift logs from the ground than ducl
yjemop is a elephant, skcwzlli is a rat, so yjemop is not less likely to lift logs from the ground than skcwzlli
jrmtix is a elephant, jyevl is a rat, so jyevl is not more likely to lift logs from the ground than jrmtix
dnkrstezbiv is a elephant, ojl is a rat, so ojl is not more likely to lift logs from the ground than dnkrstezbiv
oirlvnr is a elephant, xvjsz is a rat, so xvjsz is not more likely to lift logs from the ground than oirlvnr
jpitzxsawuqv is a elephant, yqnny is a rat, so yqnny is not more likely to lift logs from the ground than jpitzxsawuqv
bdhgmwatte is a elephant, paiggv is a rat, so paiggv is not more likely to lift logs from the ground than bdhgmwatte
yfsxtdfhbd is a tiger, elsgexmyh is a ant, so yfsxtdfhbd is more likely to hunt for food than elsgexmyh
fycuxmfft is a tiger, mak is a ant, so fycuxmfft is more likely to hunt for food than mak
unxvls is a tiger, uigsliwnpwv is a ant, so unxvls is more likely to hunt for food than uigsliwnpwv
ucnfpygpn is a tiger, xqpyzpbuzvvt is a ant, so ucnfpygpn is more likely to hunt for food than xqpyzpbuzvvt
clzeulv is a tiger, xnxffr is a ant, so clzeulv is more likely to hunt for food than xnxffr
hkllstifornj is a tiger, jlveycw is a ant, so jlveycw is less likely to hunt for food than hkllstifornj
lapgwgeoya is a tiger, nyznohnx is a ant, so nyznohnx is less likely to hunt for food than lapgwgeoya
faf is a tiger, yppdok is a ant, so yppdok is less likely to hunt for food than faf
atfpmzky is a tiger, fcjn is a ant, so fcjn is less likely to hunt for food than atfpmzky
tipwwg is a tiger, jdbbqdjjg is a ant, so jdbbqdjjg is less likely to hunt for food than tipwwg
uowlvfz is a tiger, hscq is a ant, so uowlvfz is not less likely to hunt for food than hscq
gubsoayz is a tiger, gzy is a ant, so gubsoayz is not less likely to hunt for food than gzy
bazjii is a tiger, jzaikotssjj is a ant, so bazjii is not less likely to hunt for food than jzaikotssjj
zvb is a tiger, dlchlxyveu is a ant, so zvb is not less likely to hunt for food than dlchlxyveu
hkirwytoucr is a tiger, pmfwezejcvmj is a ant, so hkirwytoucr is not less likely to hunt for food than pmfwezejcvmj
mpzfkyqoaosh is a tiger, ybuofhxzb is a ant, so ybuofhxzb is not more likely to hunt for food than mpzfkyqoaosh
cpfesla is a tiger, wldipiaad is a ant, so wldipiaad is not more likely to hunt for food than cpfesla
ocj is a tiger, kvteopvck is a ant, so kvteopvck is not more likely to hunt for food than ocj
etwqjrgtgmte is a tiger, oimm is a ant, so oimm is not more likely to hunt for food than etwqjrgtgmte
kurhqnikrrq is a tiger, acaobveld is a ant, so acaobveld is not more likely to hunt for food than kurhqnikrrq
pme is a fish, spoomse is a eagle, so pme is more likely to find the food than spoomse
rjxteojwlkk is a fish, mtnaesvg is a eagle, so rjxteojwlkk is more likely to find the food than mtnaesvg
ytwqbwwht is a fish, vorecfdjzdg is a eagle, so ytwqbwwht is more likely to find the food than vorecfdjzdg
neuznrgaqst is a fish, tjd is a eagle, so neuznrgaqst is more likely to find the food than tjd
gfwsow is a fish, gkutyt is a eagle, so gfwsow is more likely to find the food than gkutyt
uskpv is a fish, jcmixhri is a eagle, so jcmixhri is less likely to find the food than uskpv
ees is a fish, yrlptjo is a eagle, so yrlptjo is less likely to find the food than ees
fvfhzfaok is a fish, frkrmxajwyez is a eagle, so frkrmxajwyez is less likely to find the food than fvfhzfaok
vbjsothfpev is a fish, tpiuieh is a eagle, so tpiuieh is less likely to find the food than vbjsothfpev
ywuhae is a fish, crzlebhq is a eagle, so crzlebhq is less likely to find the food than ywuhae
vtbkmeveha is a fish, ffzwqfwiugg is a eagle, so vtbkmeveha is not less likely to find the food than ffzwqfwiugg
kxgd is a fish, iixdjme is a eagle, so kxgd is not less likely to find the food than iixdjme
ydpfe is a fish, vhee is a eagle, so ydpfe is not less likely to find the food than vhee
hvdrdzbvmki is a fish, shqzzzypp is a eagle, so hvdrdzbvmki is not less likely to find the food than shqzzzypp
gbgyp is a fish, fesfxqnyz is a eagle, so gbgyp is not less likely to find the food than fesfxqnyz
jvfgfhxpg is a fish, yjlzclneqm is a eagle, so yjlzclneqm is not more likely to find the food than jvfgfhxpg
afawodzem is a fish, twbuxqh is a eagle, so twbuxqh is not more likely to find the food than afawodzem
vwxpwxx is a fish, nfprnatrb is a eagle, so nfprnatrb is not more likely to find the food than vwxpwxx
wfrtmp is a fish, kqpsbxgo is a eagle, so kqpsbxgo is not more likely to find the food than wfrtmp
zwazzb is a fish, cqzxiosvpald is a eagle, so cqzxiosvpald is not more likely to find the food than zwazzb
trmu is a goat, fbcyqqgwvnow is a cat, so trmu is more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than fbcyqqgwvnow
wyb is a goat, eivirbdkec is a cat, so wyb is more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than eivirbdkec
usqfvvr is a goat, utti is a cat, so usqfvvr is more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than utti
uiquutjca is a goat, zonhr is a cat, so uiquutjca is more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than zonhr
ftgzcnrpwcj is a goat, draxhujmd is a cat, so ftgzcnrpwcj is more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than draxhujmd
aqngaird is a goat, jbot is a cat, so jbot is less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than aqngaird
ksvly is a goat, swusce is a cat, so swusce is less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than ksvly
xwvzpt is a goat, ersppo is a cat, so ersppo is less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than xwvzpt
qixhkgq is a goat, ojczaknl is a cat, so ojczaknl is less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than qixhkgq
xdnx is a goat, nmpvityxt is a cat, so nmpvityxt is less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than xdnx
smrztsb is a goat, xsvqpgxjksb is a cat, so smrztsb is not less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than xsvqpgxjksb
kwvermfaa is a goat, srgun is a cat, so kwvermfaa is not less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than srgun
tylzin is a goat, ohjeg is a cat, so tylzin is not less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than ohjeg
nyxdt is a goat, tfiaa is a cat, so nyxdt is not less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than tfiaa
imsh is a goat, ikhlddc is a cat, so imsh is not less likely to lead sheep to slaughter than ikhlddc
koo is a goat, kgmov is a cat, so kgmov is not more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than koo
ddpaqcvz is a goat, gyunz is a cat, so gyunz is not more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than ddpaqcvz
onbvqeqbh is a goat, thaaacm is a cat, so thaaacm is not more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than onbvqeqbh
lcbipehe is a goat, blkl is a cat, so blkl is not more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than lcbipehe
vatjv is a goat, sggkznbppwc is a cat, so sggkznbppwc is not more likely to lead sheep to slaughter than vatjv
awlewyrahmh is a pig, gllszynqjk is a giraffe, so awlewyrahmh is more likely to lie down than gllszynqjk
xwnrjcgk is a pig, qdkgxfio is a giraffe, so xwnrjcgk is more likely to lie down than qdkgxfio
dajm is a pig, phvhgyh is a giraffe, so dajm is more likely to lie down than phvhgyh
dwxuckkbkqi is a pig, bbbue is a giraffe, so dwxuckkbkqi is more likely to lie down than bbbue
uddavixugl is a pig, ezuwyx is a giraffe, so uddavixugl is more likely to lie down than ezuwyx
fyokqyty is a pig, kbsa is a giraffe, so kbsa is less likely to lie down than fyokqyty
gvnrapjh is a pig, eowm is a giraffe, so eowm is less likely to lie down than gvnrapjh
vuhfmb is a pig, czjaou is a giraffe, so czjaou is less likely to lie down than vuhfmb
vzqcjpeqyr is a pig, oanc is a giraffe, so oanc is less likely to lie down than vzqcjpeqyr
ezify is a pig, prgbel is a giraffe, so prgbel is less likely to lie down than ezify
zzkqgohb is a pig, ozzmmz is a giraffe, so zzkqgohb is not less likely to lie down than ozzmmz
qetc is a pig, nivqire is a giraffe, so qetc is not less likely to lie down than nivqire
gbi is a pig, cuzbyyvw is a giraffe, so gbi is not less likely to lie down than cuzbyyvw
zduwdqamxbbl is a pig, vdpzxdgv is a giraffe, so zduwdqamxbbl is not less likely to lie down than vdpzxdgv
mrtaybr is a pig, sbwzqgjn is a giraffe, so mrtaybr is not less likely to lie down than sbwzqgjn
ycstxml is a pig, gqwdkkj is a giraffe, so gqwdkkj is not more likely to lie down than ycstxml
ktea is a pig, amx is a giraffe, so amx is not more likely to lie down than ktea
iazxqwtckri is a pig, dilomupxvqlu is a giraffe, so dilomupxvqlu is not more likely to lie down than iazxqwtckri
jnmsgmijbwgo is a pig, srxrnx is a giraffe, so srxrnx is not more likely to lie down than jnmsgmijbwgo
sawaaucgpm is a pig, ofh is a giraffe, so ofh is not more likely to lie down than sawaaucgpm
wukkgnwywph is a chicken, owiie is a snake, so wukkgnwywph is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than owiie
nzvsqagmpmf is a chicken, aktvmd is a snake, so nzvsqagmpmf is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than aktvmd
auvb is a chicken, ghpfafr is a snake, so auvb is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than ghpfafr
nfyxqaroipq is a chicken, krzpignvc is a snake, so nfyxqaroipq is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than krzpignvc
locldq is a chicken, rlkntemlrqkv is a snake, so locldq is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than rlkntemlrqkv
bymvs is a chicken, ttxtdvnke is a snake, so ttxtdvnke is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than bymvs
wawwvlupwl is a chicken, kfgdsx is a snake, so kfgdsx is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than wawwvlupwl
ekwbz is a chicken, oepldlzlaopv is a snake, so oepldlzlaopv is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than ekwbz
wlt is a chicken, gjimejic is a snake, so gjimejic is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than wlt
bgj is a chicken, tznad is a snake, so tznad is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than bgj
kboz is a chicken, bevrqqfcaoa is a snake, so kboz is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than bevrqqfcaoa
whe is a chicken, oibteglayga is a snake, so whe is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than oibteglayga
srbhloofb is a chicken, kjftlb is a snake, so srbhloofb is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than kjftlb
nud is a chicken, dnd is a snake, so nud is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than dnd
lcid is a chicken, baintkwpqcwq is a snake, so lcid is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than baintkwpqcwq
mkfntub is a chicken, fdohucwclde is a snake, so fdohucwclde is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than mkfntub
ooqbrgzlvcn is a chicken, ymgheoiovtwi is a snake, so ymgheoiovtwi is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than ooqbrgzlvcn
brcakdcloo is a chicken, ztrpcthmagl is a snake, so ztrpcthmagl is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than brcakdcloo
dqgrpcxkzkkr is a chicken, eptttl is a snake, so eptttl is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than dqgrpcxkzkkr
vshpd is a chicken, xpdbiwlx is a snake, so xpdbiwlx is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than vshpd
niqjwbdyhxao is a cat, zsasqhwm is a ant, so niqjwbdyhxao is more likely to be at a vet than zsasqhwm
maypzuocrwd is a cat, usd is a ant, so maypzuocrwd is more likely to be at a vet than usd
xpdanjiuqs is a cat, faurzmd is a ant, so xpdanjiuqs is more likely to be at a vet than faurzmd
ounffayxyku is a cat, zobllcsqhaex is a ant, so ounffayxyku is more likely to be at a vet than zobllcsqhaex
vvueyy is a cat, rauzxobagmrs is a ant, so vvueyy is more likely to be at a vet than rauzxobagmrs
hsgu is a cat, lgyxbvcick is an ant, so lgyxbvcick is less likely to be at a vet than hsgu
ldbqgg is a cat, cawlfoqgiq is an ant, so cawlfoqgiq is less likely to be at a vet than ldbqgg
xata is a cat, jargo is an ant, so jargo is less likely to be at a vet than xata
swj is a cat, jrxpijko is an ant, so jrxpijko is less likely to be at a vet than swj
ocgyi is a cat, uplieu is an ant, so uplieu is less likely to be at a vet than ocgyi
iby is a cat, qwsaqufel is an ant, so iby is not less likely to be at a vet than qwsaqufel
yxuf is a cat, xsjx is an ant, so yxuf is not less likely to be at a vet than xsjx
ijlttechz is a cat, lmbvyfkvxwyd is an ant, so ijlttechz is not less likely to be at a vet than lmbvyfkvxwyd
wdyocth is a cat, paagrojpks is an ant, so wdyocth is not less likely to be at a vet than paagrojpks
drnooxsgmh is a cat, bnrarvfnuazf is an ant, so drnooxsgmh is not less likely to be at a vet than bnrarvfnuazf
phcdspwd is a cat, cbeei is an ant, so cbeei is not more likely to be at a vet than phcdspwd
eowgv is a cat, jzd is an ant, so jzd is not more likely to be at a vet than eowgv
yiwmnzlylxgr is a cat, pacefstp is an ant, so pacefstp is not more likely to be at a vet than yiwmnzlylxgr
mintkgaycgi is a cat, vochyszlar is an ant, so vochyszlar is not more likely to be at a vet than mintkgaycgi
wvxt is a cat, yjkskma is an ant, so yjkskma is not more likely to be at a vet than wvxt
xhelfsmpuwha is a bear, teuccrdx is a shark, so xhelfsmpuwha is more likely to mother a cub than teuccrdx
auxaamkelgb is a bear, gocuap is a shark, so auxaamkelgb is more likely to mother a cub than gocuap
xaqhf is a bear, uccbz is a shark, so xaqhf is more likely to mother a cub than uccbz
dahjaaxuoj is a bear, izbbvqaki is a shark, so dahjaaxuoj is more likely to mother a cub than izbbvqaki
uxw is a bear, bwsxypttmtnz is a shark, so uxw is more likely to mother a cub than bwsxypttmtnz
ufbbxbqwnrd is a bear, zcbvyfbmxzil is a shark, so zcbvyfbmxzil is less likely to mother a cub than ufbbxbqwnrd
hjbvkzcb is a bear, foqvtoqcqr is a shark, so foqvtoqcqr is less likely to mother a cub than hjbvkzcb
vpcrzou is a bear, sadsclq is a shark, so sadsclq is less likely to mother a cub than vpcrzou
mnjszm is a bear, ubtneuqks is a shark, so ubtneuqks is less likely to mother a cub than mnjszm
jqwivbajob is a bear, evcxox is a shark, so evcxox is less likely to mother a cub than jqwivbajob
wry is a bear, ywk is a shark, so wry is not less likely to mother a cub than ywk
cvnrrljrq is a bear, zzpsgu is a shark, so cvnrrljrq is not less likely to mother a cub than zzpsgu
drwlx is a bear, iyvmrrf is a shark, so drwlx is not less likely to mother a cub than iyvmrrf
ewoyoje is a bear, zdpfduri is a shark, so ewoyoje is not less likely to mother a cub than zdpfduri
taidxxkp is a bear, dcnv is a shark, so taidxxkp is not less likely to mother a cub than dcnv
lfipvr is a bear, bhe is a shark, so bhe is not more likely to mother a cub than lfipvr
ruxntce is a bear, kdyhjynr is a shark, so kdyhjynr is not more likely to mother a cub than ruxntce
jgeh is a bear, hnhvukygcu is a shark, so hnhvukygcu is not more likely to mother a cub than jgeh
qstnuypg is a bear, xgd is a shark, so xgd is not more likely to mother a cub than qstnuypg
oxxa is a bear, lpfqortwgzzv is a shark, so lpfqortwgzzv is not more likely to mother a cub than oxxa
lwm is a kangaroo, depufj is a goat, so lwm is more likely to be jumping high than depufj
nnmbrgfg is a kangaroo, xtuubhchrg is a goat, so nnmbrgfg is more likely to be jumping high than xtuubhchrg
jxgvsapsxc is a kangaroo, plymywczwre is a goat, so jxgvsapsxc is more likely to be jumping high than plymywczwre
ekg is a kangaroo, bssovyjll is a goat, so ekg is more likely to be jumping high than bssovyjll
cdhrur is a kangaroo, nljxfamax is a goat, so cdhrur is more likely to be jumping high than nljxfamax
nhfxr is a kangaroo, yrfcfv is a goat, so yrfcfv is less likely to be jumping high than nhfxr
hwftvucl is a kangaroo, cjykcyexmvm is a goat, so cjykcyexmvm is less likely to be jumping high than hwftvucl
uva is a kangaroo, kofnvtsvte is a goat, so kofnvtsvte is less likely to be jumping high than uva
vkkrcpm is a kangaroo, pha is a goat, so pha is less likely to be jumping high than vkkrcpm
vopejvrfptyn is a kangaroo, tipb is a goat, so tipb is less likely to be jumping high than vopejvrfptyn
txmswotyyxub is a kangaroo, ioienzdseeil is a goat, so txmswotyyxub is not less likely to be jumping high than ioienzdseeil
mpllzgwzimyg is a kangaroo, gidcldlnjp is a goat, so mpllzgwzimyg is not less likely to be jumping high than gidcldlnjp
qhvfv is a kangaroo, yvx is a goat, so qhvfv is not less likely to be jumping high than yvx
rdg is a kangaroo, yhycjxfbwv is a goat, so rdg is not less likely to be jumping high than yhycjxfbwv
hgb is a kangaroo, rokkqijk is a goat, so hgb is not less likely to be jumping high than rokkqijk
pfpnlf is a kangaroo, fsufknb is a goat, so fsufknb is not more likely to be jumping high than pfpnlf
rlj is a kangaroo, asuq is a goat, so asuq is not more likely to be jumping high than rlj
jpsefcmlw is a kangaroo, iecrens is a goat, so iecrens is not more likely to be jumping high than jpsefcmlw
zsyinguhto is a kangaroo, bkkochydblt is a goat, so bkkochydblt is not more likely to be jumping high than zsyinguhto
ldcwxtagah is a kangaroo, ncdtuawi is a goat, so ncdtuawi is not more likely to be jumping high than ldcwxtagah
ksjldxhp is a seal, cekpddtukg is a turtle, so ksjldxhp is more likely to be in a zoo than cekpddtukg
oxyueryxmgv is a seal, sksans is a turtle, so oxyueryxmgv is more likely to be in a zoo than sksans
fjruvrbaa is a seal, wqwwyjivdalo is a turtle, so fjruvrbaa is more likely to be in a zoo than wqwwyjivdalo
splujd is a seal, mcfze is a turtle, so splujd is more likely to be in a zoo than mcfze
akv is a seal, uytdu is a turtle, so akv is more likely to be in a zoo than uytdu
pulvu is a seal, xwi is a turtle, so xwi is more likely to be in a zoo than pulvu
wpxurachzd is a seal, zulbk is a turtle, so zulbk is more likely to be in a zoo than wpxurachzd
vctvrchfcvs is a seal, poikcoafb is a turtle, so poikcoafb is more likely to be in a zoo than vctvrchfcvs
tav is a seal, qhfigy is a turtle, so qhfigy is more likely to be in a zoo than tav
oxepeahh is a seal, gwxikobnw is a turtle, so gwxikobnw is more likely to be in a zoo than oxepeahh
ifhzraur is a seal, dnbcea is a turtle, so ifhzraur is not less likely to be in a zoo than dnbcea
ryejwmzrmgl is a seal, kskttcsaokv is a turtle, so ryejwmzrmgl is not less likely to be in a zoo than kskttcsaokv
jkkryawbmkvf is a seal, msycxrzsaoh is a turtle, so jkkryawbmkvf is not less likely to be in a zoo than msycxrzsaoh
skayangwg is a seal, youqf is a turtle, so skayangwg is not less likely to be in a zoo than youqf
stsahwssguk is a seal, moxepx is a turtle, so stsahwssguk is not less likely to be in a zoo than moxepx
pslb is a seal, qhmzabqpxbyi is a turtle, so qhmzabqpxbyi is not more likely to be in a zoo than pslb
uxrimelzymib is a seal, chast is a turtle, so chast is not more likely to be in a zoo than uxrimelzymib
pah is a seal, yny is a turtle, so yny is not more likely to be in a zoo than pah
jgh is a seal, zauivcpectp is a turtle, so zauivcpectp is not more likely to be in a zoo than jgh
dvbymr is a seal, staenqwsdcrk is a turtle, so staenqwsdcrk is not more likely to be in a zoo than dvbymr
king is a bear, vox is a zebra, so king is more likely to mother her cubs than vox
tudcvmcu is a bear, avopxffcpo is a zebra, so tudcvmcu is more likely to mother her cubs than avopxffcpo
xmok is a bear, rvxeh is a zebra, so xmok is more likely to mother her cubs than rvxeh
vgy is a bear, mrwagohgi is a zebra, so vgy is more likely to mother her cubs than mrwagohgi
zxo is a bear, hjlt is a zebra, so zxo is more likely to mother her cubs than hjlt
goqr is a bear, iczna is a zebra, so iczna is less likely to mother her cubs than goqr
vaja is a bear, dmhmdoydgqh is a zebra, so dmhmdoydgqh is less likely to mother her cubs than vaja
cmj is a bear, wsclfhfqnfr is a zebra, so wsclfhfqnfr is less likely to mother her cubs than cmj
uerruhmcxzfo is a bear, vcsxv is a zebra, so vcsxv is less likely to mother her cubs than uerruhmcxzfo
ouakrusrvsx is a bear, tuhqtaqdp is a zebra, so tuhqtaqdp is less likely to mother her cubs than ouakrusrvsx
rwwegbixdn is a bear, wplcf is a zebra, so rwwegbixdn is not less likely to mother her cubs than wplcf
inqcskffgu is a bear, iognd is a zebra, so inqcskffgu is not less likely to mother her cubs than iognd
uvsbid is a bear, pjkhli is a zebra, so uvsbid is not less likely to mother her cubs than pjkhli
gznodxqwams is a bear, hwoj is a zebra, so gznodxqwams is not less likely to mother her cubs than hwoj
wmhoedbw is a bear, hiduseokjw is a zebra, so wmhoedbw is not less likely to mother her cubs than hiduseokjw
lluevm is a bear, tukjzljha is a zebra, so tukjzljha is not more likely to mother her cubs than lluevm
eclcjafr is a bear, nvgzuecuau is a zebra, so nvgzuecuau is not more likely to mother her cubs than eclcjafr
xozerwegzep is a bear, zrzuyfim is a zebra, so zrzuyfim is not more likely to mother her cubs than xozerwegzep
tgpjjukuomu is a bear, wbdyw is a zebra, so wbdyw is not more likely to mother her cubs than tgpjjukuomu
uppdduyb is a bear, mzyummvnj is a zebra, so mzyummvnj is not more likely to mother her cubs than uppdduyb
zdqrecf is a dog, xonse is a scorpion, so zdqrecf is more likely to be on the rug than xonse
uhuuscw is a dog, rmb is a scorpion, so uhuuscw is more likely to be on the rug than rmb
cuqhg is a dog, gxl is a scorpion, so cuqhg is more likely to be on the rug than gxl
czfq is a dog, qotvtbxevgi is a scorpion, so czfq is more likely to be on the rug than qotvtbxevgi
kiykwdkoks is a dog, wkgjxqjpp is a scorpion, so kiykwdkoks is more likely to be on the rug than wkgjxqjpp
qeuohdfgkq is a dog, tdwtum is a scorpion, so tdwtum is less likely to be on the rug than qeuohdfgkq
rrge is a dog, trmkqskzisyr is a scorpion, so trmkqskzisyr is less likely to be on the rug than rrge
vjis is a dog, vybv is a scorpion, so vybv is less likely to be on the rug than vjis
elidecrsfwe is a dog, oxil is a scorpion, so oxil is less likely to be on the rug than elidecrsfwe
lnhjxn is a dog, ojnw is a scorpion, so ojnw is less likely to be on the rug than lnhjxn
wcalruaziuij is a dog, bxujjtvf is a scorpion, so wcalruaziuij is not more likely to be on the rug than bxujjtvf
kfmiufceso is a dog, dwdgmxoqvnut is a scorpion, so kfmiufceso is not more likely to be on the rug than dwdgmxoqvnut
eihtbkozlm is a dog, dgixxvsc is a scorpion, so eihtbkozlm is not more likely to be on the rug than dgixxvsc
fpwyhsidrixy is a dog, eaaobg is a scorpion, so fpwyhsidrixy is not more likely to be on the rug than eaaobg
yucdaesg is a dog, yxwjcip is a scorpion, so yucdaesg is not more likely to be on the rug than yxwjcip
wyqijjpxfjg is a dog, gick is a scorpion, so gick is not more likely to be on the rug than wyqijjpxfjg
wcbhvyzrwit is a dog, cfnrjlprothl is a scorpion, so cfnrjlprothl is not more likely to be on the rug than wcbhvyzrwit
baobqgpz is a dog, vtqucla is a scorpion, so vtqucla is not more likely to be on the rug than baobqgpz
dxpvyndaj is a dog, wob is a scorpion, so wob is not more likely to be on the rug than dxpvyndaj
udajafjpqoqg is a dog, qremorkimxdv is a scorpion, so qremorkimxdv is not more likely to be on the rug than udajafjpqoqg
yzghetzpyhc is a rat, wcjdcwm is a duck, so yzghetzpyhc is more likely to be in a subway tunnel than wcjdcwm
wrywt is a rat, bgggf is a duck, so wrywt is more likely to be in a subway tunnel than bgggf
aefcio is a rat, uenjjmhjuc is a duck, so aefcio is more likely to be in a subway tunnel than uenjjmhjuc
ydbsitqv is a rat, vjlit is a duck, so ydbsitqv is more likely to be in a subway tunnel than vjlit
owbk is a rat, tfkh is a duck, so owbk is more likely to be in a subway tunnel than tfkh
cfcxwvnjy is a rat, hnzrqgbrtqz is a duck, so hnzrqgbrtqz is less likely to be in a subway tunnel than cfcxwvnjy
nsxil is a rat, tbamkfuycl is a duck, so tbamkfuycl is less likely to be in a subway tunnel than nsxil
ipgnxpenjz is a rat, pbixoqmprnj is a duck, so pbixoqmprnj is less likely to be in a subway tunnel than ipgnxpenjz
uvygvdeytid is a rat, jxqfk is a duck, so jxqfk is less likely to be in a subway tunnel than uvygvdeytid
mtt is a rat, wxurk is a duck, so wxurk is less likely to be in a subway tunnel than mtt
vgetggq is a rat, onqackxkomi is a duck, so vgetggq is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than onqackxkomi
mallamwd is a rat, infxzrnjjlz is a duck, so mallamwd is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than infxzrnjjlz
mfeaxsb is a rat, psrgrwnax is a duck, so mfeaxsb is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than psrgrwnax
xhrvfdkex is a rat, yuoezntmg is a duck, so xhrvfdkex is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than yuoezntmg
jdtgkjadbr is a rat, okv is a duck, so jdtgkjadbr is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than okv
zusyu is a rat, liktq is a duck, so liktq is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than zusyu
fcx is a rat, kvpg is a duck, so kvpg is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than fcx
cxwcavtfbjgg is a rat, pnqpxunojna is a duck, so pnqpxunojna is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than cxwcavtfbjgg
jravyxxr is a rat, znlrviigbfpc is a duck, so znlrviigbfpc is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than jravyxxr
begv is a rat, jpwfh is a duck, so jpwfh is not more likely to be in a subway tunnel than begv
sizyvcwwxpb is a monkey, zdslg is a horse, so sizyvcwwxpb is less likely to turn on a light switch than zdslg
rjijsb is a monkey, felkeju is a horse, so rjijsb is less likely to turn on a light switch than felkeju
nmyubm is a monkey, ybxgugnwjwba is a horse, so nmyubm is less likely to turn on a light switch than ybxgugnwjwba
fdntrwhp is a monkey, qzmzpovnzon is a horse, so fdntrwhp is less likely to turn on a light switch than qzmzpovnzon
vqmd is a monkey, dihawjujim is a horse, so vqmd is less likely to turn on a light switch than dihawjujim
ujkafmwlxsw is a monkey, fvaaphhw is a horse, so fvaaphhw is less likely to turn on a light switch than ujkafmwlxsw
ihckfohxyo is a monkey, opfvxc is a horse, so opfvxc is less likely to turn on a light switch than ihckfohxyo
bsv is a monkey, fro is a horse, so fro is less likely to turn on a light switch than bsv
rlk is a monkey, hxfxap is a horse, so hxfxap is less likely to turn on a light switch than rlk
kcqiimt is a monkey, yhrdzcynrrsy is a horse, so yhrdzcynrrsy is less likely to turn on a light switch than kcqiimt
pnbaoenqwr is a monkey, yqrmzcptl is a horse, so pnbaoenqwr is not less likely to turn on a light switch than yqrmzcptl
ltdyrbda is a monkey, pgadbce is a horse, so ltdyrbda is not less likely to turn on a light switch than pgadbce
ygbekqchst is a monkey, folawbnsr is a horse, so ygbekqchst is not less likely to turn on a light switch than folawbnsr
ivxns is a monkey, vswwmf is a horse, so ivxns is not less likely to turn on a light switch than vswwmf
vuksonlac is a monkey, eedginyeaoa is a horse, so vuksonlac is not less likely to turn on a light switch than eedginyeaoa
ywelen is a monkey, gwxgfuhih is a horse, so gwxgfuhih is not more likely to turn on a light switch than ywelen
lielarklgqa is a monkey, amvjgvlo is a horse, so amvjgvlo is not more likely to turn on a light switch than lielarklgqa
wrl is a monkey, bodwrjs is a horse, so bodwrjs is not more likely to turn on a light switch than wrl
bsgfp is a monkey, feemyqedkn is a horse, so feemyqedkn is not more likely to turn on a light switch than bsgfp
psrouzr is a monkey, lbsonskyeiks is a horse, so lbsonskyeiks is not more likely to turn on a light switch than psrouzr
krzayihlv is a dog, obgtpx is a turtle, so krzayihlv is more likely to sense danger than obgtpx
bbauzcax is a dog, utvvt is a turtle, so bbauzcax is more likely to sense danger than utvvt
zfikr is a dog, kbfzeed is a turtle, so zfikr is more likely to sense danger than kbfzeed
rsv is a dog, xdinuw is a turtle, so rsv is more likely to sense danger than xdinuw
cpyjj is a dog, pdejljfttiwj is a turtle, so cpyjj is more likely to sense danger than pdejljfttiwj
tmngp is a dog, zwwgxviju is a turtle, so zwwgxviju is less likely to sense danger than tmngp
wyudbffahq is a dog, uxpd is a turtle, so uxpd is less likely to sense danger than wyudbffahq
zvxdazj is a dog, iva is a turtle, so iva is less likely to sense danger than zvxdazj
ibb is a dog, kihynboikz is a turtle, so kihynboikz is less likely to sense danger than ibb
ablsxbxbpxkx is a dog, jjxxmgce is a turtle, so jjxxmgce is less likely to sense danger than ablsxbxbpxkx
qryacte is a dog, hdzfaf is a turtle, so qryacte is not less likely to sense danger than hdzfaf
fogcyqyk is a dog, mqcya is a turtle, so fogcyqyk is not less likely to sense danger than mqcya
njtdexj is a dog, nzerd is a turtle, so njtdexj is not less likely to sense danger than nzerd
zqfvjmj is a dog, tazjs is a turtle, so zqfvjmj is not less likely to sense danger than tazjs
oinyfhdsjbyz is a dog, tanyvg is a turtle, so oinyfhdsjbyz is not less likely to sense danger than tanyvg
rku is a dog, ctiutwptnv is a turtle, so ctiutwptnv is not more likely to sense danger than rku
dbidszufi is a dog, cflf is a turtle, so cflf is not more likely to sense danger than dbidszufi
ehvfj is a dog, csgzquahj is a turtle, so csgzquahj is not more likely to sense danger than ehvfj
hlkvhsgsk is a dog, zmcwfn is a turtle, so zmcwfn is not more likely to sense danger than hlkvhsgsk
unjji is a dog, irsnofnik is a turtle, so irsnofnik is not more likely to sense danger than unjji
ppfujztyqzu is a cat, ejlvsm is a lobster, so ppfujztyqzu is more likely to be in your way than ejlvsm
wgq is a cat, bsqmnkmrngi is a lobster, so wgq is more likely to be in your way than bsqmnkmrngi
ljt is a cat, actaoarfl is a lobster, so ljt is more likely to be in your way than actaoarfl
qfijb is a cat, lpmkqyl is a lobster, so qfijb is more likely to be in your way than lpmkqyl
pdz is a cat, ioszpzdm is a lobster, so pdz is more likely to be in your way than ioszpzdm
kjshjk is a cat, zkr is a lobster, so zkr is less likely to be in your way than kjshjk
oxnbgqvaj is a cat, qaqts is a lobster, so qaqts is less likely to be in your way than oxnbgqvaj
vvjzycjvqpl is a cat, umzitcvfvemu is a lobster, so umzitcvfvemu is less likely to be in your way than vvjzycjvqpl
nhiottgiqz is a cat, npctv is a lobster, so npctv is less likely to be in your way than nhiottgiqz
btdkvxsd is a cat, vqnzuv is a lobster, so vqnzuv is less likely to be in your way than btdkvxsd
vdtsvccf is a cat, cehkussaa is a lobster, so vdtsvccf is not less likely to be in your way than cehkussaa
fwg is a cat, srxm is a lobster, so fwg is not less likely to be in your way than srxm
wurbcakx is a cat, kiwxtjux is a lobster, so wurbcakx is not less likely to be in your way than kiwxtjux
uvcdsqoupexo is a cat, meu is a lobster, so uvcdsqoupexo is not less likely to be in your way than meu
kxbojvv is a cat, vvqjjxlrw is a lobster, so kxbojvv is not less likely to be in your way than vvqjjxlrw
aiaicl is a cat, dtl is a lobster, so dtl is not more likely to be in your way than aiaicl
zdjcwfjnols is a cat, mlzaz is a lobster, so mlzaz is not more likely to be in your way than zdjcwfjnols
sxcrgh is a cat, dbnbjmkr is a lobster, so dbnbjmkr is not more likely to be in your way than sxcrgh
onmkyszutkd is a cat, qgixvqskz is a lobster, so qgixvqskz is not more likely to be in your way than onmkyszutkd
ekzcuronsfml is a cat, boxsnv is a lobster, so boxsnv is not more likely to be in your way than ekzcuronsfml
vzhatuz is a spider, vulykjcesjng is a monkey, so vzhatuz is more likely to inject venom than vulykjcesjng
ytknw is a spider, qfrr is a monkey, so ytknw is more likely to inject venom than qfrr
iozcuyl is a spider, xmskgzqcxowt is a monkey, so iozcuyl is more likely to inject venom than xmskgzqcxowt
ncgzqxgrmcan is a spider, bcpnzxiuggdg is a monkey, so ncgzqxgrmcan is more likely to inject venom than bcpnzxiuggdg
cgsr is a spider, vbrngctbga is a monkey, so cgsr is more likely to inject venom than vbrngctbga
xefxogtect is a spider, hfqdw is a monkey, so hfqdw is less likely to inject venom than xefxogtect
ynaqhqyftx is a spider, efyfvubh is a monkey, so efyfvubh is less likely to inject venom than ynaqhqyftx
smwpt is a spider, aiozh is a monkey, so aiozh is less likely to inject venom than smwpt
djhuvgxorl is a spider, suxvrtlozc is a monkey, so suxvrtlozc is less likely to inject venom than djhuvgxorl
cxhdkdlmzbws is a spider, xkbmmtngubzv is a monkey, so xkbmmtngubzv is less likely to inject venom than cxhdkdlmzbws
zjjr is a spider, nlfxxydycmpx is a monkey, so zjjr is not more likely to inject venom than nlfxxydycmpx
btyd is a spider, ocoziupce is a monkey, so btyd is not more likely to inject venom than ocoziupce
wstmtgirh is a spider, tlcd is a monkey, so wstmtgirh is not more likely to inject venom than tlcd
lcyfkqmmddpd is a spider, uibqh is a monkey, so lcyfkqmmddpd is not more likely to inject venom than uibqh
iijp is a spider, pgrjoitepg is a monkey, so iijp is not more likely to inject venom than pgrjoitepg
bwkaoisgseny is a spider, zqlempcai is a monkey, so zqlempcai is not more likely to inject venom than bwkaoisgseny
uxgbdzuurl is a spider, wrajspahdrv is a monkey, so wrajspahdrv is not more likely to inject venom than uxgbdzuurl
ktqe is a spider, tbuibmvurlvh is a monkey, so tbuibmvurlvh is not more likely to inject venom than ktqe
mpvvdrunwud is a spider, mjlwlbictva is a monkey, so mjlwlbictva is not more likely to inject venom than mpvvdrunwud
wlj is a spider, gsdewgwg is a monkey, so gsdewgwg is not more likely to inject venom than wlj
yuhneve is a hamster, okih is a octopus, so yuhneve is more likely to burrow than okih
fru is a hamster, tdyummnamb is a octopus, so fru is more likely to burrow than tdyummnamb
clidl is a hamster, wphbfdah is a octopus, so clidl is more likely to burrow than wphbfdah
qdpnfnxqlnx is a hamster, qhnnpok is a octopus, so qdpnfnxqlnx is more likely to burrow than qhnnpok
eovffgthdpa is a hamster, yzwmhqhillhy is a octopus, so eovffgthdpa is more likely to burrow than yzwmhqhillhy
oootmh is a hamster, hpjmvhse is a octopus, so hpjmvhse is less likely to burrow than oootmh
hjwwog is a hamster, mhaebyhvvoua is a octopus, so mhaebyhvvoua is less likely to burrow than hjwwog
mgtacrsl is a hamster, koanuok is a octopus, so koanuok is less likely to burrow than mgtacrsl
qjwdktiqk is a hamster, ghfzgzgtm is a octopus, so ghfzgzgtm is less likely to burrow than qjwdktiqk
eoxcud is a hamster, limgc is a octopus, so limgc is less likely to burrow than eoxcud
ovumtihfhml is a hamster, psd is a octopus, so ovumtihfhml is not less likely to burrow than psd
jfmlyu is a hamster, gyaxanppquc is a octopus, so jfmlyu is not less likely to burrow than gyaxanppquc
xlnv is a hamster, npdlgt is a octopus, so xlnv is not less likely to burrow than npdlgt
mswkz is a hamster, yjhnnaplxpd is a octopus, so mswkz is not less likely to burrow than yjhnnaplxpd
txcnqdb is a hamster, vnlemhp is a octopus, so txcnqdb is not less likely to burrow than vnlemhp
ywuxppco is a hamster, zkxpzkaodld is a octopus, so zkxpzkaodld is not more likely to burrow than ywuxppco
ojmpdrgvnrje is a hamster, lnspsvthis is a octopus, so lnspsvthis is not more likely to burrow than ojmpdrgvnrje
yzvtdmne is a hamster, rguaonuy is a octopus, so rguaonuy is not more likely to burrow than yzvtdmne
wybmqcs is a hamster, zkkxdv is a octopus, so zkkxdv is not more likely to burrow than wybmqcs
bemjojiaudh is a hamster, qqqanyfnp is a octopus, so qqqanyfnp is not more likely to burrow than bemjojiaudh
nfmv is a dog, ujlwk is a fox, so nfmv is less likely to run than ujlwk
ijujg is a dog, ctylhggdbigb is a fox, so ijujg is less likely to run than ctylhggdbigb
gikdtk is a dog, flq is a fox, so gikdtk is less likely to run than flq
hqxh is a dog, dlboftlepuxq is a fox, so hqxh is less likely to run than dlboftlepuxq
edewrjvedr is a dog, zhm is a fox, so edewrjvedr is less likely to run than zhm
uwaoq is a dog, vfu is a fox, so vfu is less likely to run than uwaoq
fntp is a dog, sxbrs is a fox, so sxbrs is less likely to run than fntp
ajjjjotsfhoa is a dog, zdzmlbzpkn is a fox, so zdzmlbzpkn is less likely to run than ajjjjotsfhoa
bmeljwewqo is a dog, qxatxkf is a fox, so qxatxkf is less likely to run than bmeljwewqo
rxrzkkzjg is a dog, ywzxqvybojp is a fox, so ywzxqvybojp is less likely to run than rxrzkkzjg
cxddm is a dog, zqu is a fox, so cxddm is not less likely to run than zqu
pej is a dog, zdx is a fox, so pej is not less likely to run than zdx
frrvpck is a dog, lcuthjat is a fox, so frrvpck is not less likely to run than lcuthjat
nrwewegnnync is a dog, bhuibjjtqowl is a fox, so nrwewegnnync is not less likely to run than bhuibjjtqowl
ddhveisxxctz is a dog, thkh is a fox, so ddhveisxxctz is not less likely to run than thkh
psjrfqwiaoyy is a dog, rhkwah is a fox, so rhkwah is not more likely to run than psjrfqwiaoyy
esjjlzjekpt is a dog, eftmoyqfva is a fox, so eftmoyqfva is not more likely to run than esjjlzjekpt
mbpohphbfr is a dog, hqqhsfrapwq is a fox, so hqqhsfrapwq is not more likely to run than mbpohphbfr
aiphsyq is a dog, npghds is a fox, so npghds is not more likely to run than aiphsyq
qyoqueumucd is a dog, eqpfxpnqzgl is a fox, so eqpfxpnqzgl is not more likely to run than qyoqueumucd
vjsflxmvvybp is a turtle, jsvxht is a snake, so vjsflxmvvybp is likely to live a longer time than jsvxht
icbonzmkly is a turtle, nocje is a snake, so icbonzmkly is likely to live a longer time than nocje
jgw is a turtle, ujbblnhfo is a snake, so jgw is likely to live a longer time than ujbblnhfo
mhbx is a turtle, hmmx is a snake, so mhbx is likely to live a longer time than hmmx
bqq is a turtle, osyh is a snake, so bqq is likely to live a longer time than osyh
uxisfbpfyxmd is a turtle, rtfgf is a snake, so rtfgf is less likely to live a long time than uxisfbpfyxmd
yimnmy is a turtle, cixzrhsyw is a snake, so cixzrhsyw is less likely to live a long time than yimnmy
fxfkohok is a turtle, wzp is a snake, so wzp is less likely to live a long time than fxfkohok
bfu is a turtle, oflzjot is a snake, so oflzjot is less likely to live a long time than bfu
mouytb is a turtle, sefcbqu is a snake, so sefcbqu is less likely to live a long time than mouytb
kuw is a turtle, zmss is a snake, so kuw is not less likely to live a long time than zmss
uxtakfqlovk is a turtle, qpc is a snake, so uxtakfqlovk is not less likely to live a long time than qpc
jskuntixjsh is a turtle, fjmwf is a snake, so jskuntixjsh is not less likely to live a long time than fjmwf
nkcphlv is a turtle, gzwvvmzdgn is a snake, so nkcphlv is not less likely to live a long time than gzwvvmzdgn
urdhmgtzmgpg is a turtle, rga is a snake, so urdhmgtzmgpg is not less likely to live a long time than rga
wrqcutbzft is a turtle, gbnvgbthl is a snake, so gbnvgbthl is not more likely to live a long time than wrqcutbzft
jjykvytcjut is a turtle, yzqiqx is a snake, so yzqiqx is not more likely to live a long time than jjykvytcjut
kjazovw is a turtle, qjprjlp is a snake, so qjprjlp is not more likely to live a long time than kjazovw
nqpeehgibokx is a turtle, aklrfrrkceqh is a snake, so aklrfrrkceqh is not more likely to live a long time than nqpeehgibokx
vddbmmgdi is a turtle, ansdbborcte is a snake, so ansdbborcte is not more likely to live a long time than vddbmmgdi
sshdhxuiore is a sheep, tzvizzl is a fly, so sshdhxuiore is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than tzvizzl
twvrmle is a sheep, iuh is a fly, so twvrmle is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than iuh
czlvewuv is a sheep, hkejawdgvrb is a fly, so czlvewuv is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than hkejawdgvrb
gfmysxxkqn is a sheep, lhxbuljvm is a fly, so gfmysxxkqn is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than lhxbuljvm
ght is a sheep, dehl is a fly, so ght is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than dehl
uuqj is a sheep, rgleayzsxa is a fly, so rgleayzsxa is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than uuqj
ijbdwkg is a sheep, obrody is a fly, so obrody is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than ijbdwkg
dqaqdkjbpj is a sheep, cntjvazeg is a fly, so cntjvazeg is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than dqaqdkjbpj
rmmceiyyoo is a sheep, rapuewcilz is a fly, so rapuewcilz is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than rmmceiyyoo
rxxfqkwdga is a sheep, mdbu is a fly, so mdbu is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than rxxfqkwdga
ymfpt is a sheep, rwi is a fly, so ymfpt is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than rwi
ejzg is a sheep, ndvazsffqbti is a fly, so ejzg is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than ndvazsffqbti
ccebumnlxnzz is a sheep, dznlnjfr is a fly, so ccebumnlxnzz is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than dznlnjfr
hbzbcdqjs is a sheep, jylccnysqwvq is a fly, so hbzbcdqjs is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than jylccnysqwvq
vypfkr is a sheep, nkqninogy is a fly, so vypfkr is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than nkqninogy
phomkhc is a sheep, vsekhdath is a fly, so vsekhdath is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than phomkhc
xrtwyfsqhd is a sheep, kypigg is a fly, so kypigg is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than xrtwyfsqhd
hkcjs is a sheep, anbmbb is a fly, so anbmbb is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than hkcjs
hsynbtnex is a sheep, vzaoi is a fly, so vzaoi is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than hsynbtnex
bvubckuaq is a sheep, cekwduivb is a fly, so cekwduivb is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than bvubckuaq
vao is a bird, xczooffnvao is a rabbit, so vao is more likely to be in a cage than xczooffnvao
kqb is a bird, dcc is a rabbit, so kqb is more likely to be in a cage than dcc
sklsuzszs is a bird, zlzn is a rabbit, so sklsuzszs is more likely to be in a cage than zlzn
cjqz is a bird, hbfntxmbk is a rabbit, so cjqz is more likely to be in a cage than hbfntxmbk
ollyiyyqmvwq is a bird, uucdm is a rabbit, so ollyiyyqmvwq is more likely to be in a cage than uucdm
djiwpixpdhw is a bird, asrohdhusgh is a rabbit, so asrohdhusgh is less likely to be in a cage than djiwpixpdhw
mmxl is a bird, wmesfedgwjl is a rabbit, so wmesfedgwjl is less likely to be in a cage than mmxl
qdjcukn is a bird, vsyvgsuuejz is a rabbit, so vsyvgsuuejz is less likely to be in a cage than qdjcukn
qmmbusbzhpc is a bird, oqxbjacy is a rabbit, so oqxbjacy is less likely to be in a cage than qmmbusbzhpc
qogayfnhp is a bird, akd is a rabbit, so akd is less likely to be in a cage than qogayfnhp
lmexc is a bird, xgdixe is a rabbit, so lmexc is not less likely to be in a cage than xgdixe
nkcxpaobhmqy is a bird, lxhopscwbyem is a rabbit, so nkcxpaobhmqy is not less likely to be in a cage than lxhopscwbyem
auc is a bird, fxkkosk is a rabbit, so auc is not less likely to be in a cage than fxkkosk
urfnan is a bird, pqyvnfgf is a rabbit, so urfnan is not less likely to be in a cage than pqyvnfgf
upkyr is a bird, ejjuqutms is a rabbit, so upkyr is not less likely to be in a cage than ejjuqutms
zgzbfsl is a bird, vwbywpr is a rabbit, so vwbywpr is not more likely to be in a cage than zgzbfsl
gdavyyt is a bird, yerpv is a rabbit, so yerpv is not more likely to be in a cage than gdavyyt
cxxojzmz is a bird, zihheoemqm is a rabbit, so zihheoemqm is not more likely to be in a cage than cxxojzmz
jyqwiw is a bird, xpznt is a rabbit, so xpznt is not more likely to be in a cage than jyqwiw
znzbxeb is a bird, nkkhkgqd is a rabbit, so nkkhkgqd is not more likely to be in a cage than znzbxeb
apg is a ant, zkbvg is a cat, so apg is more likely to be on the carpet than zkbvg
hlpwncbmi is a ant, ylz is a cat, so hlpwncbmi is more likely to be on the carpet than ylz
ewl is a ant, qdbbkllicl is a cat, so ewl is more likely to be on the carpet than qdbbkllicl
xvcxjzegln is a ant, hlm is a cat, so xvcxjzegln is more likely to be on the carpet than hlm
cdv is a ant, vrsauowbcx is a cat, so cdv is more likely to be on the carpet than vrsauowbcx
iprpajfutbja is a ant, xxdln is a cat, so xxdln is less likely to be on the carpet than iprpajfutbja
dxe is a ant, oirjhmlyiive is a cat, so oirjhmlyiive is less likely to be on the carpet than dxe
solnoa is a ant, xdpnjpe is a cat, so xdpnjpe is less likely to be on the carpet than solnoa
xokupe is a ant, wtyh is a cat, so wtyh is less likely to be on the carpet than xokupe
exm is a ant, chfdwrbvdh is a cat, so chfdwrbvdh is less likely to be on the carpet than exm
zccoz is a ant, cclgfpi is a cat, so zccoz is not less likely to be on the carpet than cclgfpi
xmkt is a ant, feihkdukq is a cat, so xmkt is not less likely to be on the carpet than feihkdukq
trj is a ant, kmyiimwxa is a cat, so trj is not less likely to be on the carpet than kmyiimwxa
pgythuypyph is a ant, bwgxfqzkzqlr is a cat, so pgythuypyph is not less likely to be on the carpet than bwgxfqzkzqlr
jwvauur is a ant, chujxfjb is a cat, so jwvauur is not less likely to be on the carpet than chujxfjb
rcrjrlbcfn is a ant, znmbmia is a cat, so znmbmia is not more likely to be on the carpet than rcrjrlbcfn
fjcklnrmq is a ant, xamrrrjuxsxd is a cat, so xamrrrjuxsxd is not more likely to be on the carpet than fjcklnrmq
qhmpbzfh is a ant, qfpqjzn is a cat, so qfpqjzn is not more likely to be on the carpet than qhmpbzfh
xwa is a ant, hpmpfakyhtq is a cat, so hpmpfakyhtq is not more likely to be on the carpet than xwa
qwoxg is a ant, rbrzuu is a cat, so rbrzuu is not more likely to be on the carpet than qwoxg
ekwqqo is a bear, zcurh is a frog, so ekwqqo is more likely to eat a salmon than zcurh
datvtis is a bear, felypakda is a frog, so datvtis is more likely to eat a salmon than felypakda
tnxbtuk is a bear, obooo is a frog, so tnxbtuk is more likely to eat a salmon than obooo
vjci is a bear, ntqnv is a frog, so vjci is more likely to eat a salmon than ntqnv
apdfnqrfayc is a bear, wchdjtwc is a frog, so apdfnqrfayc is more likely to eat a salmon than wchdjtwc
eyxvzrsns is a bear, zhd is a frog, so zhd is less likely to eat a salmon than eyxvzrsns
ppzpgogvta is a bear, bgpxcvrlokni is a frog, so bgpxcvrlokni is less likely to eat a salmon than ppzpgogvta
idw is a bear, hhc is a frog, so hhc is less likely to eat a salmon than idw
rcpdpkst is a bear, fcgvbt is a frog, so fcgvbt is less likely to eat a salmon than rcpdpkst
upjakwctcsrz is a bear, eatj is a frog, so eatj is less likely to eat a salmon than upjakwctcsrz
ctixrzediljp is a bear, cyezytvlwi is a frog, so ctixrzediljp is not less likely to eat a salmon than cyezytvlwi
usmg is a bear, qrilmhnsvtr is a frog, so usmg is not less likely to eat a salmon than qrilmhnsvtr
eyadjlq is a bear, irxxporpl is a frog, so eyadjlq is not less likely to eat a salmon than irxxporpl
numivjmz is a bear, bhanqzd is a frog, so numivjmz is not less likely to eat a salmon than bhanqzd
wqup is a bear, afzuwfbvrz is a frog, so wqup is not less likely to eat a salmon than afzuwfbvrz
lnojnyc is a bear, iqfqdow is a frog, so iqfqdow is not more likely to eat a salmon than lnojnyc
ipvoduvszwk is a bear, cpkmtqh is a frog, so cpkmtqh is not more likely to eat a salmon than ipvoduvszwk
hdevdriuue is a bear, ctznt is a frog, so ctznt is not more likely to eat a salmon than hdevdriuue
btllpjbvk is a bear, fsmsx is a frog, so fsmsx is not more likely to eat a salmon than btllpjbvk
oqlm is a bear, stcjthuk is a frog, so stcjthuk is not more likely to eat a salmon than oqlm
pwqbfj is a horse, cdytb is a alligator, so pwqbfj is more likely to drink water than cdytb
xhrbht is a horse, pktivm is a alligator, so xhrbht is more likely to drink water than pktivm
muxfj is a horse, byn is a alligator, so muxfj is more likely to drink water than byn
phure is a horse, rih is a alligator, so phure is more likely to drink water than rih
ymkpyxbslnwj is a horse, bqrntc is a alligator, so ymkpyxbslnwj is more likely to drink water than bqrntc
aepsevuqtdjl is a horse, rqt is a alligator, so rqt is less likely to drink water than aepsevuqtdjl
kzxgyr is a horse, sgfqnaphx is a alligator, so sgfqnaphx is less likely to drink water than kzxgyr
cymr is a horse, gzy is a alligator, so gzy is less likely to drink water than cymr
vxgkvoacqo is a horse, vwou is a alligator, so vwou is less likely to drink water than vxgkvoacqo
gtjrhrifp is a horse, ybcpspzfh is a alligator, so ybcpspzfh is less likely to drink water than gtjrhrifp
oqucnommq is a horse, earwzw is a alligator, so oqucnommq is not less likely to drink water than earwzw
drwifgp is a horse, bhraffuio is a alligator, so drwifgp is not less likely to drink water than bhraffuio
bfba is a horse, lch is a alligator, so bfba is not less likely to drink water than lch
vhro is a horse, qku is a alligator, so vhro is not less likely to drink water than qku
prz is a horse, tgchqjhxdyu is a alligator, so prz is not less likely to drink water than tgchqjhxdyu
xomsp is a horse, mzevrfyuib is an alligator, so mzevrfyuib is not less likely to drink water than xomsp
srlfqsxg is a horse, wzonqfras is an alligator, so wzonqfras is not less likely to drink water than srlfqsxg
yvbgxvev is a horse, vgrbb is an alligator, so vgrbb is not less likely to drink water than yvbgxvev
rcekhyd is a horse, hncpezrwn is an alligator, so hncpezrwn is not less likely to drink water than rcekhyd
oaz is a horse, pbfqkaxx is an alligator, so pbfqkaxx is not less likely to drink water than oaz
oxtnptwa is a cheetah, wtwdd is a owl, so oxtnptwa is more likely to catch a gazelle than wtwdd
mekyupk is a cheetah, lapvxvygz is a owl, so mekyupk is more likely to catch a gazelle than lapvxvygz
ugvym is a cheetah, crxlk is a owl, so ugvym is more likely to catch a gazelle than crxlk
htmcyugllbvw is a cheetah, pjeayeibjyyd is a owl, so htmcyugllbvw is more likely to catch a gazelle than pjeayeibjyyd
yueoyzvxfirf is a cheetah, ggjx is a owl, so yueoyzvxfirf is more likely to catch a gazelle than ggjx
nvtcxlto is a cheetah, ijmqw is a owl, so ijmqw is less likely to catch a gazelle than nvtcxlto
rkkyrgn is a cheetah, yxqrpqalwch is a owl, so yxqrpqalwch is less likely to catch a gazelle than rkkyrgn
xzepvlpsovp is a cheetah, awgxqfxhmvb is a owl, so awgxqfxhmvb is less likely to catch a gazelle than xzepvlpsovp
pxzz is a cheetah, twm is a owl, so twm is less likely to catch a gazelle than pxzz
huei is a cheetah, dshvqlblb is a owl, so dshvqlblb is less likely to catch a gazelle than huei
uzrhinnkmjji is a cheetah, lkgnctnirp is a owl, so uzrhinnkmjji is not less likely to catch a gazelle than lkgnctnirp
vggsstec is a cheetah, vfimzhj is a owl, so vggsstec is not less likely to catch a gazelle than vfimzhj
jgxex is a cheetah, zuvsogbfe is a owl, so jgxex is not less likely to catch a gazelle than zuvsogbfe
nqar is a cheetah, kzngwcnzr is a owl, so nqar is not less likely to catch a gazelle than kzngwcnzr
pgwaodqpj is a cheetah, rxgwmbqgjp is a owl, so pgwaodqpj is not less likely to catch a gazelle than rxgwmbqgjp
fyfboirxlpy is a cheetah, ybsrr is a owl, so ybsrr is not more likely to catch a gazelle than fyfboirxlpy
wjqktinrxoz is a cheetah, oogcmm is a owl, so oogcmm is not more likely to catch a gazelle than wjqktinrxoz
qslxyd is a cheetah, shvbuo is a owl, so shvbuo is not more likely to catch a gazelle than qslxyd
opol is a cheetah, jzet is a owl, so jzet is not more likely to catch a gazelle than opol
rfybxs is a cheetah, uis is a owl, so uis is not more likely to catch a gazelle than rfybxs
zjpmlrtwp is a fox, rmgusxv is a giraffe, so zjpmlrtwp is more likely to kill chickens than rmgusxv
mogpziscu is a fox, dmkbxrgjtet is a giraffe, so mogpziscu is more likely to kill chickens than dmkbxrgjtet
tzmfec is a fox, volphb is a giraffe, so tzmfec is more likely to kill chickens than volphb
rasilhnr is a fox, peuezucvbt is a giraffe, so rasilhnr is more likely to kill chickens than peuezucvbt
ortnskoru is a fox, fdvztiwglu is a giraffe, so ortnskoru is more likely to kill chickens than fdvztiwglu
ueejlawe is a fox, fskqidili is a giraffe, so fskqidili is less likely to kill chickens than ueejlawe
yonsgbhjkhzy is a fox, jfi is a giraffe, so jfi is less likely to kill chickens than yonsgbhjkhzy
lqampr is a fox, xicalnspy is a giraffe, so xicalnspy is less likely to kill chickens than lqampr
ujwa is a fox, jgf is a giraffe, so jgf is less likely to kill chickens than ujwa
yve is a fox, cjvjrpgwlvdq is a giraffe, so cjvjrpgwlvdq is less likely to kill chickens than yve
ndt is a fox, lgzuysxcfmt is a giraffe, so ndt is not less likely to kill chickens than lgzuysxcfmt
esiughbtpr is a fox, hcyesnoj is a giraffe, so esiughbtpr is not less likely to kill chickens than hcyesnoj
ixm is a fox, adgsayocyp is a giraffe, so ixm is not less likely to kill chickens than adgsayocyp
bxydlejhqx is a fox, ohdtycwxrm is a giraffe, so bxydlejhqx is not less likely to kill chickens than ohdtycwxrm
mlftyobsi is a fox, owoc is a giraffe, so mlftyobsi is not less likely to kill chickens than owoc
keblaguuwcp is a fox, wrzzwezkvent is a giraffe, so wrzzwezkvent is not more likely to kill chickens than keblaguuwcp
xjrtyrrrd is a fox, mlhil is a giraffe, so mlhil is not more likely to kill chickens than xjrtyrrrd
jbzxcteysqei is a fox, qzieymfdqe is a giraffe, so qzieymfdqe is not more likely to kill chickens than jbzxcteysqei
aru is a fox, ogapykv is a giraffe, so ogapykv is not more likely to kill chickens than aru
rinorpwqh is a fox, mae is a giraffe, so mae is not more likely to kill chickens than rinorpwqh
zfod is a rat, zbagurlrr is a fox, so zfod is more likely to be a pet than zbagurlrr
sio is a rat, jvisusutip is a fox, so sio is more likely to be a pet than jvisusutip
nldqfmibtus is a rat, zqouxsqod is a fox, so nldqfmibtus is more likely to be a pet than zqouxsqod
sarvta is a rat, rjswk is a fox, so sarvta is more likely to be a pet than rjswk
ctzz is a rat, xvefgimkr is a fox, so ctzz is more likely to be a pet than xvefgimkr
qmvwiklvy is a rat, pdtjeu is a fox, so pdtjeu is less likely to be a pet than qmvwiklvy
yhdrqozwht is a rat, gvtqs is a fox, so gvtqs is less likely to be a pet than yhdrqozwht
fnvmeh is a rat, fwqmcocin is a fox, so fwqmcocin is less likely to be a pet than fnvmeh
ndmdjhkcm is a rat, tvxjgy is a fox, so tvxjgy is less likely to be a pet than ndmdjhkcm
zaybhflyso is a rat, wbwvyoom is a fox, so wbwvyoom is less likely to be a pet than zaybhflyso
uealwflaq is a rat, ywocfcxl is a fox, so uealwflaq is not more likely to be a pet than ywocfcxl
rplkkbu is a rat, ghsvil is a fox, so rplkkbu is not more likely to be a pet than ghsvil
fgaig is a rat, oibxvbinttph is a fox, so fgaig is not more likely to be a pet than oibxvbinttph
xgdhrsjzhrho is a rat, xasfgc is a fox, so xgdhrsjzhrho is not more likely to be a pet than xasfgc
lwp is a rat, esjpgwseye is a fox, so lwp is not more likely to be a pet than esjpgwseye
ashxcpa is a rat, tgtiumshmwu is a fox, so tgtiumshmwu is not more likely to be a pet than ashxcpa
vaayzqw is a rat, gfknrc is a fox, so gfknrc is not more likely to be a pet than vaayzqw
eknlodzfgn is a rat, vazztuh is a fox, so vazztuh is not more likely to be a pet than eknlodzfgn
wkg is a rat, rvbj is a fox, so rvbj is not more likely to be a pet than wkg
bwl is a rat, vtuircmx is a fox, so vtuircmx is not more likely to be a pet than bwl
tmufsq is a deer, cubkky is a scorpion, so tmufsq is more likely to be in the countryside than cubkky
tdltld is a deer, udhsvmuv is a scorpion, so tdltld is more likely to be in the countryside than udhsvmuv
dmmcqurs is a deer, erpg is a scorpion, so dmmcqurs is more likely to be in the countryside than erpg
wumaazszz is a deer, uwb is a scorpion, so wumaazszz is more likely to be in the countryside than uwb
vqebtabupvkb is a deer, lyxxeagy is a scorpion, so vqebtabupvkb is more likely to be in the countryside than lyxxeagy
guqxeyy is a deer, woxlujpexn is a scorpion, so woxlujpexn is less likely to be in the countryside than guqxeyy
jjasffldjkt is a deer, jharhpeiayu is a scorpion, so jharhpeiayu is less likely to be in the countryside than jjasffldjkt
hztzkxu is a deer, evxjnbsf is a scorpion, so evxjnbsf is less likely to be in the countryside than hztzkxu
nrtqsacx is a deer, ozqyqeqoe is a scorpion, so ozqyqeqoe is less likely to be in the countryside than nrtqsacx
ntbueh is a deer, gqhok is a scorpion, so gqhok is less likely to be in the countryside than ntbueh
etdszxa is a deer, rucnmyaaqisw is a scorpion, so etdszxa is not less likely to be in the countryside than rucnmyaaqisw
hhdrtla is a deer, fypfl is a scorpion, so hhdrtla is not less likely to be in the countryside than fypfl
zzjfg is a deer, ddhhh is a scorpion, so zzjfg is not less likely to be in the countryside than ddhhh
rjwbecgj is a deer, gkobvsrpnhc is a scorpion, so rjwbecgj is not less likely to be in the countryside than gkobvsrpnhc
gwbxir is a deer, ftxbjatkxk is a scorpion, so gwbxir is not less likely to be in the countryside than ftxbjatkxk
lzhuj is a deer, vqlpvnnew is a scorpion, so vqlpvnnew is not more likely to be in the countryside than lzhuj
wnddj is a deer, kixzgsd is a scorpion, so kixzgsd is not more likely to be in the countryside than wnddj
tzbxa is a deer, cctffwytf is a scorpion, so cctffwytf is not more likely to be in the countryside than tzbxa
cam is a deer, wfldtjv is a scorpion, so wfldtjv is not more likely to be in the countryside than cam
vitlzqsl is a deer, vfdffe is a scorpion, so vfdffe is not more likely to be in the countryside than vitlzqsl
idyz is a tiger, lkolefkwypw is a turtle, so idyz is more likely to spring from the bush than lkolefkwypw
aoljzxjemjt is a tiger, qkl is a turtle, so aoljzxjemjt is more likely to spring from the bush than qkl
zdvzb is a tiger, ovtgftff is a turtle, so zdvzb is more likely to spring from the bush than ovtgftff
ndtsjiq is a tiger, kfvdzvq is a turtle, so ndtsjiq is more likely to spring from the bush than kfvdzvq
tgiyfxdkyfsq is a tiger, facsjtnyag is a turtle, so tgiyfxdkyfsq is more likely to spring from the bush than facsjtnyag
sceracpwpkd is a tiger, bpnjige is a turtle, so bpnjige is less likely to spring from the bush than sceracpwpkd
zpcibxpnbpm is a tiger, zbmwtcxhll is a turtle, so zbmwtcxhll is less likely to spring from the bush than zpcibxpnbpm
iues is a tiger, mydibfr is a turtle, so mydibfr is less likely to spring from the bush than iues
zaioeygluwc is a tiger, zvjqheala is a turtle, so zvjqheala is less likely to spring from the bush than zaioeygluwc
czequibuuc is a tiger, lilrdmgszsj is a turtle, so lilrdmgszsj is less likely to spring from the bush than czequibuuc
aoyxeruwndc is a tiger, xngmwfzm is a turtle, so aoyxeruwndc is not less likely to spring from the bush than xngmwfzm
fxx is a tiger, qkdwfqxlkd is a turtle, so fxx is not less likely to spring from the bush than qkdwfqxlkd
ydw is a tiger, joohtimvqem is a turtle, so ydw is not less likely to spring from the bush than joohtimvqem
wvixhrp is a tiger, tyhoybziadu is a turtle, so wvixhrp is not less likely to spring from the bush than tyhoybziadu
yaisdm is a tiger, ife is a turtle, so yaisdm is not less likely to spring from the bush than ife
xzzjgj is a tiger, sxy is a turtle, so sxy does not spring from the bush more than xzzjgj
khjhsisav is a tiger, afyzplj is a turtle, so afyzplj does not spring from the bush more than khjhsisav
ucfbus is a tiger, sexrggxxrrmu is a turtle, so sexrggxxrrmu does not spring from the bush more than ucfbus
vguq is a tiger, sacurifpijb is a turtle, so sacurifpijb does not spring from the bush more than vguq
pullk is a tiger, dyotkcavegs is a turtle, so dyotkcavegs does not spring from the bush more than pullk
qyolmmvpn is a cow, srvzupzpq is a duck, so qyolmmvpn is more likely to supply humans with milk than srvzupzpq
ykpwgxm is a cow, cjvslrvve is a duck, so ykpwgxm is more likely to supply humans with milk than cjvslrvve
wwcfisjcr is a cow, ihprkb is a duck, so wwcfisjcr is more likely to supply humans with milk than ihprkb
obdvrbl is a cow, imav is a duck, so obdvrbl is more likely to supply humans with milk than imav
lmlfmzmkvdqo is a cow, tihlhvoha is a duck, so lmlfmzmkvdqo is more likely to supply humans with milk than tihlhvoha
yryaxkfffmve is a cow, vfadbjf is a duck, so vfadbjf is less likely to supply humans with milk than yryaxkfffmve
rtpuzgabpz is a cow, yntbvwt is a duck, so yntbvwt is less likely to supply humans with milk than rtpuzgabpz
aroqhqkcn is a cow, aeojyvbcktrc is a duck, so aeojyvbcktrc is less likely to supply humans with milk than aroqhqkcn
qusjaev is a cow, cgzhwfljfehg is a duck, so cgzhwfljfehg is less likely to supply humans with milk than qusjaev
okvrzt is a cow, wyljjybg is a duck, so wyljjybg is less likely to supply humans with milk than okvrzt
oly is a cow, clpnoll is a duck, so oly is not less likely to supply humans with milk than clpnoll
kibud is a cow, kkyigdktw is a duck, so kibud is not less likely to supply humans with milk than kkyigdktw
idg is a cow, xkwaqjlm is a duck, so idg is not less likely to supply humans with milk than xkwaqjlm
pog is a cow, czeqzhzrdkm is a duck, so pog is not less likely to supply humans with milk than czeqzhzrdkm
uprhsklfv is a cow, pzzohi is a duck, so uprhsklfv is not less likely to supply humans with milk than pzzohi
eihevgd is a cow, kyfux is a duck, so kyfux is not more likely to supply humans with milk than eihevgd
vjovxncslj is a cow, vqoblwtoyq is a duck, so vqoblwtoyq is not more likely to supply humans with milk than vjovxncslj
hjrc is a cow, iop is a duck, so iop is not more likely to supply humans with milk than hjrc
nypg is a cow, nfzoc is a duck, so nfzoc is not more likely to supply humans with milk than nypg
zmeulaf is a cow, vwq is a duck, so vwq is not more likely to supply humans with milk than zmeulaf
rajlxkyjd is a fish, eeoswtyohl is a hamster, so rajlxkyjd is more likely to attempt to fly than eeoswtyohl
dbclz is a fish, qlwqqerjj is a hamster, so dbclz is more likely to attempt to fly than qlwqqerjj
anjvporf is a fish, kpgma is a hamster, so anjvporf is more likely to attempt to fly than kpgma
urmotpkb is a fish, ixxfrwmgvqb is a hamster, so urmotpkb is more likely to attempt to fly than ixxfrwmgvqb
nlkobeihzwej is a fish, jkkaraac is a hamster, so nlkobeihzwej is more likely to attempt to fly than jkkaraac
chbpktfi is a fish, qorrrkvnv is a hamster, so qorrrkvnv is more likely to attempt to fly than chbpktfi
ckgw is a fish, cckpz is a hamster, so cckpz is more likely to attempt to fly than ckgw
fqunnc is a fish, yknftckho is a hamster, so yknftckho is more likely to attempt to fly than fqunnc
qwf is a fish, saiinvsvhat is a hamster, so saiinvsvhat is more likely to attempt to fly than qwf
jjp is a fish, qczretrwea is a hamster, so qczretrwea is more likely to attempt to fly than jjp
uuuqfjo is a fish, fuvpqvt is a hamster, so uuuqfjo is not less likely to attempt to fly than fuvpqvt
kzsjiwf is a fish, dord is a hamster, so kzsjiwf is not less likely to attempt to fly than dord
oupwadesk is a fish, fjhvpssme is a hamster, so oupwadesk is not less likely to attempt to fly than fjhvpssme
dmk is a fish, gakifbfv is a hamster, so dmk is not less likely to attempt to fly than gakifbfv
sgqikxnip is a fish, lkn is a hamster, so sgqikxnip is not less likely to attempt to fly than lkn
ubjqkjoa is a fish, dvx is a hamster, so dvx is not more likely to attempt to fly than ubjqkjoa
yiqhepk is a fish, qxpabzoqmece is a hamster, so qxpabzoqmece is not more likely to attempt to fly than yiqhepk
lqptqlshi is a fish, wzwjly is a hamster, so wzwjly is not more likely to attempt to fly than lqptqlshi
oyewxpqykigr is a fish, elbdqmrs is a hamster, so elbdqmrs is not more likely to attempt to fly than oyewxpqykigr
gysurzqmtzh is a fish, kdzpxyhtnep is a hamster, so kdzpxyhtnep is not more likely to attempt to fly than gysurzqmtzh
tmyolkl is a bird, sgsllcph is a lobster, so tmyolkl is more likely to sing a song than sgsllcph
dsarprhk is a bird, jibjvog is a lobster, so dsarprhk is more likely to sing a song than jibjvog
vkr is a bird, vhucpp is a lobster, so vkr is more likely to sing a song than vhucpp
psk is a bird, xgkdbp is a lobster, so psk is more likely to sing a song than xgkdbp
anx is a bird, utfroccvs is a lobster, so anx is more likely to sing a song than utfroccvs
ahcusteduyd is a bird, vpih is a lobster, so vpih is less likely to sing a song than ahcusteduyd
lfwuswzxme is a bird, akz is a lobster, so akz is less likely to sing a song than lfwuswzxme
wslmyzltylak is a bird, eibfmqod is a lobster, so eibfmqod is less likely to sing a song than wslmyzltylak
gejrbanrquo is a bird, orxljhkzd is a lobster, so orxljhkzd is less likely to sing a song than gejrbanrquo
mcetr is a bird, uuqt is a lobster, so uuqt is less likely to sing a song than mcetr
lffoyjbmt is a bird, xlsdvwc is a lobster, so lffoyjbmt is not less likely to sing a song than xlsdvwc
iffohucyqngb is a bird, hyy is a lobster, so iffohucyqngb is not less likely to sing a song than hyy
byjbuf is a bird, scadi is a lobster, so byjbuf is not less likely to sing a song than scadi
ncopglvtgyh is a bird, atjhpu is a lobster, so ncopglvtgyh is not less likely to sing a song than atjhpu
nnp is a bird, mlqksrfhztu is a lobster, so nnp is not less likely to sing a song than mlqksrfhztu
jpnfykws is a bird, jvpmso is a lobster, so jvpmso is not more likely to sing a song than jpnfykws
lgbrabcagcin is a bird, lgix is a lobster, so lgix is not more likely to sing a song than lgbrabcagcin
gmttggdxa is a bird, tuebehp is a lobster, so tuebehp is not more likely to sing a song than gmttggdxa
wazovyq is a bird, cjxekwqsp is a lobster, so cjxekwqsp is not more likely to sing a song than wazovyq
uucxjgadyd is a bird, netvryufus is a lobster, so netvryufus is not more likely to sing a song than uucxjgadyd
bywhb is a fish, hrymtenhcjj is a bear, so bywhb is more likely to live underwater than hrymtenhcjj
lxu is a fish, xwvbjd is a bear, so lxu is more likely to live underwater than xwvbjd
sjqnnise is a fish, qyqvjsgeig is a bear, so sjqnnise is more likely to live underwater than qyqvjsgeig
xasnwirlg is a fish, jkzzujqzvh is a bear, so xasnwirlg is more likely to live underwater than jkzzujqzvh
iezceyaw is a fish, lsmehkjmv is a bear, so iezceyaw is more likely to live underwater than lsmehkjmv
rti is a fish, mvki is a bear, so mvki is less likely to live underwater than rti
cvsvafvqs is a fish, wslzcwkay is a bear, so wslzcwkay is less likely to live underwater than cvsvafvqs
buxwirevs is a fish, wagsiodooevv is a bear, so wagsiodooevv is less likely to live underwater than buxwirevs
mywdcawqn is a fish, rmhummk is a bear, so rmhummk is less likely to live underwater than mywdcawqn
bpxrnqmy is a fish, kbzykdse is a bear, so kbzykdse is less likely to live underwater than bpxrnqmy
rjwptbayv is a fish, fhnqkc is a bear, so rjwptbayv is not less likely to live underwater than fhnqkc
aamshxr is a fish, hoatffsb is a bear, so aamshxr is not less likely to live underwater than hoatffsb
xlsf is a fish, aej is a bear, so xlsf is not less likely to live underwater than aej
ehkm is a fish, hlnsuoqvry is a bear, so ehkm is not less likely to live underwater than hlnsuoqvry
hyvod is a fish, kywrkbgm is a bear, so hyvod is not less likely to live underwater than kywrkbgm
nvndgqrzrxwr is a fish, jfihph is a bear, so jfihph is not more likely to live underwater than nvndgqrzrxwr
scoosjgcetv is a fish, ugd is a bear, so ugd is not more likely to live underwater than scoosjgcetv
qcfgnyeshti is a fish, pphavworzg is a bear, so pphavworzg is not more likely to live underwater than qcfgnyeshti
kjsqbbmyza is a fish, bpejjt is a bear, so bpejjt is not more likely to live underwater than kjsqbbmyza
uvmbla is a fish, rtdnvmdles is a bear, so rtdnvmdles is not more likely to live underwater than uvmbla
uwgv is a snake, drjxkej is a fish, so uwgv is more likely to eat an egg than drjxkej
uluvdsyxs is a snake, libjds is a fish, so uluvdsyxs is more likely to eat an egg than libjds
dmjfiln is a snake, qfywtwkmt is a fish, so dmjfiln is more likely to eat an egg than qfywtwkmt
qumxxjfqq is a snake, ukjmbjhww is a fish, so qumxxjfqq is more likely to eat an egg than ukjmbjhww
vzieyks is a snake, akiwbxxxtn is a fish, so vzieyks is more likely to eat an egg than akiwbxxxtn
uipkehzw is a snake, uqy is a fish, so uqy is less likely to eat an egg than uipkehzw
lwzmc is a snake, ltzs is a fish, so ltzs is less likely to eat an egg than lwzmc
irxglbcshay is a snake, tilqpg is a fish, so tilqpg is less likely to eat an egg than irxglbcshay
efj is a snake, pjqajkadu is a fish, so pjqajkadu is less likely to eat an egg than efj
sgez is a snake, phhrpuhqbhy is a fish, so phhrpuhqbhy is less likely to eat an egg than sgez
jyywdzwluhf is a snake, agzmizwirxpf is a fish, so jyywdzwluhf is not less likely to eat an egg than agzmizwirxpf
peintcs is a snake, fcvxuuqezaw is a fish, so peintcs is not less likely to eat an egg than fcvxuuqezaw
qshriykfp is a snake, jgcaxh is a fish, so qshriykfp is not less likely to eat an egg than jgcaxh
uodbr is a snake, akps is a fish, so uodbr is not less likely to eat an egg than akps
xbkalgbf is a snake, ymopaplnxluf is a fish, so xbkalgbf is not less likely to eat an egg than ymopaplnxluf
bzfhz is a snake, vhyubztxnz is a fish, so vhyubztxnz is not more likely to eat an egg than bzfhz
sivvh is a snake, ikvhqpkl is a fish, so ikvhqpkl is not more likely to eat an egg than sivvh
nxfsts is a snake, dctlnproyapk is a fish, so dctlnproyapk is not more likely to eat an egg than nxfsts
gezuymyerlx is a snake, onqbrdgaxwtx is a fish, so onqbrdgaxwtx is not more likely to eat an egg than gezuymyerlx
hsdgrnloswf is a snake, rnrdzsexjivx is a fish, so rnrdzsexjivx is not more likely to eat an egg than hsdgrnloswf
hgs is a eagle, qmvwabvan is a chicken, so hgs is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than qmvwabvan
xfotkh is a eagle, tcyuzwru is a chicken, so xfotkh is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than tcyuzwru
yqdgkk is a eagle, ipowyokjtfzq is a chicken, so yqdgkk is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than ipowyokjtfzq
ldiu is a eagle, rawhuqq is a chicken, so ldiu is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than rawhuqq
yitkmg is a eagle, bxl is a chicken, so yitkmg is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than bxl
gcwgwywih is a eagle, ycqenvmmwkqe is a chicken, so ycqenvmmwkqe is less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than gcwgwywih
jgvnxt is a eagle, uulcqioxpp is a chicken, so uulcqioxpp is less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than jgvnxt
hlejl is a eagle, sha is a chicken, so sha is less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than hlejl
tlgxue is a eagle, oqebdldc is a chicken, so oqebdldc is less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than tlgxue
jss is a eagle, eooffw is a chicken, so eooffw is less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than jss
qwrposjfsywz is a eagle, alfatixnmrf is a chicken, so qwrposjfsywz is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than alfatixnmrf
gqefri is a eagle, qznv is a chicken, so gqefri is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than qznv
czblfcma is a eagle, uqzvlhalwx is a chicken, so czblfcma is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than uqzvlhalwx
xkwfrbosd is a eagle, todlwc is a chicken, so xkwfrbosd is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than todlwc
amfpfpcx is a eagle, ubcksmbl is a chicken, so amfpfpcx is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than ubcksmbl
tmibiztsw is a eagle, jvaodpd is a chicken, so jvaodpd is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than tmibiztsw
dboaol is a eagle, rbduwjvuut is a chicken, so rbduwjvuut is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than dboaol
wtr is a eagle, fcvmkf is a chicken, so fcvmkf is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than wtr
cicafvkf is a eagle, nboqhfdvug is a chicken, so nboqhfdvug is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than cicafvkf
bhdrrm is a eagle, srlgnqa is a chicken, so srlgnqa is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than bhdrrm
wepwv is a shark, duo is a alligator, so wepwv is more likely to be in the ocean than duo
wbqh is a shark, jgdp is a alligator, so wbqh is more likely to be in the ocean than jgdp
eztfwqkz is a shark, avjafaihw is a alligator, so eztfwqkz is more likely to be in the ocean than avjafaihw
ladt is a shark, kzwa is a alligator, so ladt is more likely to be in the ocean than kzwa
cgqneudepxhb is a shark, wnriank is a alligator, so cgqneudepxhb is more likely to be in the ocean than wnriank
rhg is a shark, dhjea is a alligator, so dhjea is less likely to be in the ocean than rhg
sfkgif is a shark, bsddamwu is a alligator, so bsddamwu is less likely to be in the ocean than sfkgif
vfdkkcewnvv is a shark, exkq is a alligator, so exkq is less likely to be in the ocean than vfdkkcewnvv
udektqmdyo is a shark, skehhnmcks is a alligator, so skehhnmcks is less likely to be in the ocean than udektqmdyo
ykzkczlidh is a shark, blzasmwauow is a alligator, so blzasmwauow is less likely to be in the ocean than ykzkczlidh
aeblj is a shark, fgpbvhoh is a alligator, so aeblj is not less likely to be in the ocean than fgpbvhoh
emgfvjui is a shark, gmxetepeu is a alligator, so emgfvjui is not less likely to be in the ocean than gmxetepeu
ajgqjfoaybox is a shark, mjgy is a alligator, so ajgqjfoaybox is not less likely to be in the ocean than mjgy
fwnz is a shark, togazvg is a alligator, so fwnz is not less likely to be in the ocean than togazvg
faerr is a shark, dgjyj is a alligator, so faerr is not less likely to be in the ocean than dgjyj
rnbv is a shark, amrsfseau is a alligator, so amrsfseau is not more likely to be in the ocean than rnbv
tdhltwkd is a shark, hstwxxwr is a alligator, so hstwxxwr is not more likely to be in the ocean than tdhltwkd
uyafytzcrw is a shark, onvqgfupmki is a alligator, so onvqgfupmki is not more likely to be in the ocean than uyafytzcrw
hkrivdwkid is a shark, qyhlhir is a alligator, so qyhlhir is not more likely to be in the ocean than hkrivdwkid
llfiahg is a shark, nxyvigqjic is a alligator, so nxyvigqjic is not more likely to be in the ocean than llfiahg
zriymoagzgfm is a duck, padfgpux is a chicken, so zriymoagzgfm is more likely to mother her ducklings than padfgpux
wzdfrgkkxv is a duck, pfys is a chicken, so wzdfrgkkxv is more likely to mother her ducklings than pfys
xjtvppyson is a duck, bnufefbe is a chicken, so xjtvppyson is more likely to mother her ducklings than bnufefbe
ghqrmdblly is a duck, ygdvpobt is a chicken, so ghqrmdblly is more likely to mother her ducklings than ygdvpobt
mhsowra is a duck, yxzf is a chicken, so mhsowra is more likely to mother her ducklings than yxzf
cra is a duck, blylaqglau is a chicken, so blylaqglau is less likely to mother her ducklings than cra
zalsrbvjnlw is a duck, gcffjv is a chicken, so gcffjv is less likely to mother her ducklings than zalsrbvjnlw
xiavifwz is a duck, cffgbupkf is a chicken, so cffgbupkf is less likely to mother her ducklings than xiavifwz
dieny is a duck, kulfy is a chicken, so kulfy is less likely to mother her ducklings than dieny
whgw is a duck, mnhtjcqf is a chicken, so mnhtjcqf is less likely to mother her ducklings than whgw
iyts is a duck, ecykywbxsilq is a chicken, so iyts is not less likely to mother her ducklings than ecykywbxsilq
ihwrp is a duck, xlgezgpuuumt is a chicken, so ihwrp is not less likely to mother her ducklings than xlgezgpuuumt
heitqxlhnny is a duck, pjzqp is a chicken, so heitqxlhnny is not less likely to mother her ducklings than pjzqp
kswbk is a duck, dtkofa is a chicken, so kswbk is not less likely to mother her ducklings than dtkofa
eowrl is a duck, ubmdehupjxch is a chicken, so eowrl is not less likely to mother her ducklings than ubmdehupjxch
ukgydwkp is a duck, brvmaouarg is a chicken, so brvmaouarg is not more likely to mother her ducklings than ukgydwkp
wyhnvsyp is a duck, hcfmpilj is a chicken, so hcfmpilj is not more likely to mother her ducklings than wyhnvsyp
kkni is a duck, fhrxnyqfwr is a chicken, so fhrxnyqfwr is not more likely to mother her ducklings than kkni
qhub is a duck, dalch is a chicken, so dalch is not more likely to mother her ducklings than qhub
mjmluryvzkn is a duck, uybsdezjxtme is a chicken, so uybsdezjxtme is not more likely to mother her ducklings than mjmluryvzkn
ranjcdhnfj is a bee, ymbohogxxt is a wolf, so ranjcdhnfj is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ymbohogxxt
engqnor is a bee, twm is a wolf, so engqnor is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than twm
snfitdzytv is a bee, bbbz is a wolf, so snfitdzytv is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than bbbz
qopudvb is a bee, tcrrmfv is a wolf, so qopudvb is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than tcrrmfv
wxvkq is a bee, kagetr is a wolf, so wxvkq is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than kagetr
ruvculwtxg is a bee, yugqrej is a wolf, so yugqrej is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ruvculwtxg
ldrdqv is a bee, pmkf is a wolf, so pmkf is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ldrdqv
raldoioyi is a bee, wrcra is a wolf, so wrcra is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than raldoioyi
qcff is a bee, xwd is a wolf, so xwd is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than qcff
ygtnhhw is a bee, gflgjvm is a wolf, so gflgjvm is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ygtnhhw
wexaqifkuqtz is a bee, iff is a wolf, so wexaqifkuqtz is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than iff
zpjlsvpcatc is a bee, nsxeu is a wolf, so zpjlsvpcatc is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than nsxeu
gatmwymftsx is a bee, cjlvybyrrod is a wolf, so gatmwymftsx is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than cjlvybyrrod
yzbskavigp is a bee, hsw is a wolf, so yzbskavigp is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than hsw
lrxjkmtypmd is a bee, kzeumnuszlgr is a wolf, so lrxjkmtypmd is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than kzeumnuszlgr
tfesjo is a bee, tmtcwg is a wolf, so tmtcwg is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than tfesjo
fqjnpuncmtbg is a bee, djkchto is a wolf, so djkchto is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than fqjnpuncmtbg
ihexdmkczepq is a bee, xnrfqamrtgz is a wolf, so xnrfqamrtgz is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than ihexdmkczepq
vik is a bee, mrhlty is a wolf, so mrhlty is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than vik
zuhfoze is a bee, kjtrtx is a wolf, so kjtrtx is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than zuhfoze
zyhvuxuv is a pig, kyl is a cow, so zyhvuxuv is more likely to be in a pen than kyl
almhjbwnjwys is a pig, wmcpshn is a cow, so almhjbwnjwys is more likely to be in a pen than wmcpshn
dgstvge is a pig, huggdpouikg is a cow, so dgstvge is more likely to be in a pen than huggdpouikg
qmtr is a pig, qmoeypy is a cow, so qmtr is more likely to be in a pen than qmoeypy
lwb is a pig, jgoddmzhql is a cow, so lwb is more likely to be in a pen than jgoddmzhql
zfceg is a pig, aswvp is a cow, so aswvp is less likely to be in a pen than zfceg
bijpgsoap is a pig, xtbfohzy is a cow, so xtbfohzy is less likely to be in a pen than bijpgsoap
lwlodxhfuxpf is a pig, patfnvzx is a cow, so patfnvzx is less likely to be in a pen than lwlodxhfuxpf
lqjrjg is a pig, qgs is a cow, so qgs is less likely to be in a pen than lqjrjg
ujjcrxvsumi is a pig, qubdz is a cow, so qubdz is less likely to be in a pen than ujjcrxvsumi
gtg is a pig, dwppjmfaim is a cow, so gtg is not less likely to be in a pen than dwppjmfaim
xnsbho is a pig, xav is a cow, so xnsbho is not less likely to be in a pen than xav
uhiohpt is a pig, gjei is a cow, so uhiohpt is not less likely to be in a pen than gjei
auf is a pig, znxwuoch is a cow, so auf is not less likely to be in a pen than znxwuoch
dpijfwv is a pig, jxzjxf is a cow, so dpijfwv is not less likely to be in a pen than jxzjxf
pgkx is a pig, fqcitnwnnz is a cow, so fqcitnwnnz is not more likely to be in a pen than pgkx
ijbz is a pig, gzv is a cow, so gzv is not more likely to be in a pen than ijbz
xmro is a pig, ovr is a cow, so ovr is not more likely to be in a pen than xmro
ufztniiu is a pig, avhzsn is a cow, so avhzsn is not more likely to be in a pen than ufztniiu
zewvsueba is a pig, bvyrqag is a cow, so bvyrqag is not more likely to be in a pen than zewvsueba
sdxkoctrxs is a lion, jgneywzthl is a ant, so sdxkoctrxs is more likely to roar than jgneywzthl
zdf is a lion, okl is a ant, so zdf is more likely to roar than okl
byllvv is a lion, mlsxdyx is a ant, so byllvv is more likely to roar than mlsxdyx
ffpcpypam is a lion, djc is a ant, so ffpcpypam is more likely to roar than djc
kqugemvxvdn is a lion, lctyvzhmrfc is a ant, so kqugemvxvdn is more likely to roar than lctyvzhmrfc
awcjzqqv is a lion, agkxlvoegcro is an ant, so agkxlvoegcro is less likely to roar than awcjzqqv
qql is a lion, bmuaqfl is an ant, so bmuaqfl is less likely to roar than qql
fjwgikobz is a lion, cdaejnk is an ant, so cdaejnk is less likely to roar than fjwgikobz
oowmchulokt is a lion, yva is an ant, so yva is less likely to roar than oowmchulokt
ellb is a lion, lbirzk is an ant, so lbirzk is less likely to roar than ellb
olkotfmdp is a lion, rflrmcf is an ant, so olkotfmdp is not less likely to roar than rflrmcf
bebnaobtpxyb is a lion, qjljtrpg is an ant, so bebnaobtpxyb is not less likely to roar than qjljtrpg
piiqtchrxar is a lion, adns is an ant, so piiqtchrxar is not less likely to roar than adns
qmpbwbjayyk is a lion, usn is an ant, so qmpbwbjayyk is not less likely to roar than usn
vkfbvxgoyn is a lion, eycouee is an ant, so vkfbvxgoyn is not less likely to roar than eycouee
nebnutodhhf is a lion, nze is an ant, so nze is not more likely to roar than nebnutodhhf
mfvqvbfx is a lion, gnfiwrmi is an ant, so gnfiwrmi is not more likely to roar than mfvqvbfx
mqzmilwsdh is a lion, euetk is an ant, so euetk is not more likely to roar than mqzmilwsdh
oluwxszqfe is a lion, gsitauhd is an ant, so gsitauhd is not more likely to roar than oluwxszqfe
oubxwtrniq is a lion, ucvoidnxpbj is an ant, so ucvoidnxpbj is not more likely to roar than oubxwtrniq
onr is a goat, zkxfvhvfje is a eagle, so onr is more likely to jump a fence than zkxfvhvfje
ggeiwod is a goat, dfkdalovzedc is a eagle, so ggeiwod is more likely to jump a fence than dfkdalovzedc
xuedxj is a goat, amly is a eagle, so xuedxj is more likely to jump a fence than amly
klrfctsa is a goat, lolvane is a eagle, so klrfctsa is more likely to jump a fence than lolvane
ivg is a goat, etrrlm is a eagle, so ivg is more likely to jump a fence than etrrlm
ffrcfq is a goat, jhbpoctlu is a eagle, so jhbpoctlu is less likely to jump a fence than ffrcfq
vesq is a goat, yffqm is a eagle, so yffqm is less likely to jump a fence than vesq
xcdjeam is a goat, bbyfgh is a eagle, so bbyfgh is less likely to jump a fence than xcdjeam
hhf is a goat, lfuudhzzcs is a eagle, so lfuudhzzcs is less likely to jump a fence than hhf
unpyoeg is a goat, nnezcugma is a eagle, so nnezcugma is less likely to jump a fence than unpyoeg
tjfsglds is a goat, lefbwzpgnelq is a eagle, so tjfsglds is not less likely to jump a fence than lefbwzpgnelq
fkyhrrpgqgt is a goat, kiwlta is a eagle, so fkyhrrpgqgt is not less likely to jump a fence than kiwlta
loudrx is a goat, zdjvvfiwgqxq is a eagle, so loudrx is not less likely to jump a fence than zdjvvfiwgqxq
zrhdupw is a goat, lydaxtddgbis is a eagle, so zrhdupw is not less likely to jump a fence than lydaxtddgbis
twlnimiois is a goat, vlimovfpqpc is a eagle, so twlnimiois is not less likely to jump a fence than vlimovfpqpc
giif is a goat, oyrdb is a eagle, so oyrdb is not more likely to jump a fence than giif
puvjkfkmxn is a goat, lnpevyrwna is a eagle, so lnpevyrwna is not more likely to jump a fence than puvjkfkmxn
ymqbnf is a goat, dswasi is a eagle, so dswasi is not more likely to jump a fence than ymqbnf
rwoybfnp is a goat, uhwew is a eagle, so uhwew is not more likely to jump a fence than rwoybfnp
qezrdvfu is a goat, bfezkcd is a eagle, so bfezkcd is not more likely to jump a fence than qezrdvfu
glimhrhcvf is a dog, sun is a hamster, so glimhrhcvf is less likely to be on the table than sun
sxdkeaamnar is a dog, znz is a hamster, so sxdkeaamnar is less likely to be on the table than znz
ububqnafi is a dog, mwgvicrsgq is a hamster, so ububqnafi is less likely to be on the table than mwgvicrsgq
rgyojwzckl is a dog, wgifvgfp is a hamster, so rgyojwzckl is less likely to be on the table than wgifvgfp
sfhsinh is a dog, xlup is a hamster, so sfhsinh is less likely to be on the table than xlup
zhkalynjoagx is a dog, ppsotucu is a hamster, so ppsotucu is more likely to be on the table than zhkalynjoagx
oplwrtte is a dog, fwbdpj is a hamster, so fwbdpj is more likely to be on the table than oplwrtte
atc is a dog, ifsekztobc is a hamster, so ifsekztobc is more likely to be on the table than atc
vffhiyj is a dog, guv is a hamster, so guv is more likely to be on the table than vffhiyj
pcustvy is a dog, fciqsh is a hamster, so fciqsh is more likely to be on the table than pcustvy
xar is a dog, ugwhc is a hamster, so xar is not more likely to be on the table than ugwhc
zihzn is a dog, zvywkrpbhisd is a hamster, so zihzn is not more likely to be on the table than zvywkrpbhisd
bjmivmb is a dog, qcngi is a hamster, so bjmivmb is not more likely to be on the table than qcngi
hmihk is a dog, ngovgi is a hamster, so hmihk is not more likely to be on the table than ngovgi
wot is a dog, wketywla is a hamster, so wot is not more likely to be on the table than wketywla
qgxpaoehvjv is a dog, poicpoimuqj is a hamster, so poicpoimuqj is not less likely to be on the table than qgxpaoehvjv
cnjvtxwibeu is a dog, maswe is a hamster, so maswe is not less likely to be on the table than cnjvtxwibeu
oqnthrf is a dog, qrb is a hamster, so qrb is not less likely to be on the table than oqnthrf
sxlfilpr is a dog, tewdtckv is a hamster, so tewdtckv is not less likely to be on the table than sxlfilpr
wnrlorteoql is a dog, qmbnhst is a hamster, so qmbnhst is not less likely to be on the table than wnrlorteoql
spmswybirrz is a fish, yhzjfm is a bird, so spmswybirrz is more likely to be on the market than yhzjfm
kgi is a fish, tdeujoprihms is a bird, so kgi is more likely to be on the market than tdeujoprihms
tbhlvfi is a fish, hexiumrexvgx is a bird, so tbhlvfi is more likely to be on the market than hexiumrexvgx
ynktgc is a fish, pgwoulkphp is a bird, so ynktgc is more likely to be on the market than pgwoulkphp
maeckbqknc is a fish, nqpevohpoei is a bird, so maeckbqknc is more likely to be on the market than nqpevohpoei
fvwymenplknr is a fish, och is a bird, so och is less likely to be on the market than fvwymenplknr
kue is a fish, uknhlen is a bird, so uknhlen is less likely to be on the market than kue
wtezkkknujg is a fish, ubhmqknz is a bird, so ubhmqknz is less likely to be on the market than wtezkkknujg
herisgsbuv is a fish, sqedm is a bird, so sqedm is less likely to be on the market than herisgsbuv
ivwcgoqdbb is a fish, nlb is a bird, so nlb is less likely to be on the market than ivwcgoqdbb
yds is a fish, aealty is a bird, so yds is not less likely to be on the market than aealty
fvbns is a fish, emtapvi is a bird, so fvbns is not less likely to be on the market than emtapvi
croaxcwi is a fish, whwyoqkzwamv is a bird, so croaxcwi is not less likely to be on the market than whwyoqkzwamv
cjzftign is a fish, mrlacngl is a bird, so cjzftign is not less likely to be on the market than mrlacngl
wbc is a fish, rjecfw is a bird, so wbc is not less likely to be on the market than rjecfw
fnrfwnxyirzz is a fish, cjnvl is a bird, so cjnvl is not more likely to be on the market than fnrfwnxyirzz
axogxx is a fish, ueakcjok is a bird, so ueakcjok is not more likely to be on the market than axogxx
yhibicfwyq is a fish, zeoigv is a bird, so zeoigv is not more likely to be on the market than yhibicfwyq
anekz is a fish, kcnry is a bird, so kcnry is not more likely to be on the market than anekz
ovglg is a fish, iejnavgagyx is a bird, so iejnavgagyx is not more likely to be on the market than ovglg
azala is a bird, wlksrlrlver is a shark, so azala is more likely to be in a tree than wlksrlrlver
adblzbmdd is a bird, lmg is a shark, so adblzbmdd is more likely to be in a tree than lmg
vsohcimamt is a bird, sagixalmm is a shark, so vsohcimamt is more likely to be in a tree than sagixalmm
yxyp is a bird, okefjzhwzv is a shark, so yxyp is more likely to be in a tree than okefjzhwzv
kftsck is a bird, umtwdsm is a shark, so kftsck is more likely to be in a tree than umtwdsm
jhvapohgbin is a bird, gfbomi is a shark, so gfbomi is more likely to be in a tree than jhvapohgbin
ralcyjelfj is a bird, lfum is a shark, so lfum is more likely to be in a tree than ralcyjelfj
duchgevwh is a bird, uqset is a shark, so uqset is more likely to be in a tree than duchgevwh
seznxu is a bird, doyrmoe is a shark, so doyrmoe is more likely to be in a tree than seznxu
igkp is a bird, bskrwfkng is a shark, so bskrwfkng is more likely to be in a tree than igkp
sbzbdviu is a bird, ukep is a shark, so sbzbdviu is not less likely to be in a tree than ukep
wleisxbj is a bird, dyltedb is a shark, so wleisxbj is not less likely to be in a tree than dyltedb
narzgewca is a bird, wxroa is a shark, so narzgewca is not less likely to be in a tree than wxroa
namtmosewvn is a bird, dvyyj is a shark, so namtmosewvn is not less likely to be in a tree than dvyyj
npdgnbmunbgb is a bird, lzhkspug is a shark, so npdgnbmunbgb is not less likely to be in a tree than lzhkspug
vvkbowskae is a bird, hxwkmoatim is a shark, so hxwkmoatim is not more likely to be in a tree than vvkbowskae
lrkcrslbsjo is a bird, tecovw is a shark, so tecovw is not more likely to be in a tree than lrkcrslbsjo
edddff is a bird, rlalx is a shark, so rlalx is not more likely to be in a tree than edddff
dshjpmrzyb is a bird, inewq is a shark, so inewq is not more likely to be in a tree than dshjpmrzyb
iua is a bird, qmmldauljitw is a shark, so qmmldauljitw is not more likely to be in a tree than iua
epcjqp is a bee, efjsus is a fly, so epcjqp is more likely to be in an apiary than efjsus
djb is a bee, uduwyqiejg is a fly, so djb is more likely to be in an apiary than uduwyqiejg
jdtuosob is a bee, vxv is a fly, so jdtuosob is more likely to be in an apiary than vxv
zjuewpg is a bee, aiixniaxac is a fly, so zjuewpg is more likely to be in an apiary than aiixniaxac
ptauzghbbnfn is a bee, yvqasjpd is a fly, so ptauzghbbnfn is more likely to be in an apiary than yvqasjpd
lxxyuxfplqvn is a bee, siyaendsfd is a fly, so siyaendsfd is less likely to be in an apiary than lxxyuxfplqvn
xuakzeiuo is a bee, ocwd is a fly, so ocwd is less likely to be in an apiary than xuakzeiuo
rlqcsywutm is a bee, vknekmdedj is a fly, so vknekmdedj is less likely to be in an apiary than rlqcsywutm
xnnyvbzvtnf is a bee, gtrmykuh is a fly, so gtrmykuh is less likely to be in an apiary than xnnyvbzvtnf
qaep is a bee, uhqki is a fly, so uhqki is less likely to be in an apiary than qaep
qpslqccr is a bee, qruljm is a fly, so qpslqccr is not less likely to be in an apiary than qruljm
znyvm is a bee, gkbkl is a fly, so znyvm is not less likely to be in an apiary than gkbkl
hwatth is a bee, farck is a fly, so hwatth is not less likely to be in an apiary than farck
kpp is a bee, immi is a fly, so kpp is not less likely to be in an apiary than immi
xwvaoxoxqjdr is a bee, ehbqcibn is a fly, so xwvaoxoxqjdr is not less likely to be in an apiary than ehbqcibn
diuhbvojb is a bee, nzxbbiufivx is a fly, so nzxbbiufivx is not more likely to be in an apiary than diuhbvojb
vwvnjiigk is a bee, jzntwgdl is a fly, so jzntwgdl is not more likely to be in an apiary than vwvnjiigk
asvylr is a bee, nijetkybkjaq is a fly, so nijetkybkjaq is not more likely to be in an apiary than asvylr
rsqd is a bee, nihqnhzentq is a fly, so nihqnhzentq is not more likely to be in an apiary than rsqd
duyzxdfz is a bee, bkh is a fly, so bkh is not more likely to be in an apiary than duyzxdfz
ffyhdnwn is a sheep, kad is a fly, so ffyhdnwn is more likely to live in a field than kad
ocp is a sheep, glvgdmysddz is a fly, so ocp is more likely to live in a field than glvgdmysddz
fbesjfkg is a sheep, msq is a fly, so fbesjfkg is more likely to live in a field than msq
xuxsysfhq is a sheep, eekd is a fly, so xuxsysfhq is more likely to live in a field than eekd
jvxhitv is a sheep, tijwgclalpd is a fly, so jvxhitv is more likely to live in a field than tijwgclalpd
wptqngo is a sheep, zbsjrhqg is a fly, so zbsjrhqg is less likely to live in a field than wptqngo
aojcze is a sheep, rditddl is a fly, so rditddl is less likely to live in a field than aojcze
jnzsotfvztwx is a sheep, vprzstx is a fly, so vprzstx is less likely to live in a field than jnzsotfvztwx
ziqvrzzsqoy is a sheep, cxotbj is a fly, so cxotbj is less likely to live in a field than ziqvrzzsqoy
jpanrzj is a sheep, jwkkcgslief is a fly, so jwkkcgslief is less likely to live in a field than jpanrzj
wbebcfsegf is a sheep, kvtfgefi is a fly, so wbebcfsegf is not less likely to live in a field than kvtfgefi
oljxqpxxm is a sheep, lpfams is a fly, so oljxqpxxm is not less likely to live in a field than lpfams
coyoxfzz is a sheep, vww is a fly, so coyoxfzz is not less likely to live in a field than vww
ddusrjixait is a sheep, bapel is a fly, so ddusrjixait is not less likely to live in a field than bapel
uapslto is a sheep, yofacejc is a fly, so uapslto is not less likely to live in a field than yofacejc
ibgnhnf is a sheep, bzpdtbes is a fly, so bzpdtbes is not more likely to live in a field than ibgnhnf
nhb is a sheep, gih is a fly, so gih is not more likely to live in a field than nhb
hsijqfmri is a sheep, aayfrtxhyk is a fly, so aayfrtxhyk is not more likely to live in a field than hsijqfmri
otqf is a sheep, lrlf is a fly, so lrlf is not more likely to live in a field than otqf
ibgrli is a sheep, yspfuxoztbvw is a fly, so yspfuxoztbvw is not more likely to live in a field than ibgrli
cuoakwcfgta is a kangaroo, vgh is a rat, so cuoakwcfgta is more likely to jump high than vgh
glrjz is a kangaroo, ayjeceq is a rat, so glrjz is more likely to jump high than ayjeceq
uttmip is a kangaroo, uionrualzqs is a rat, so uttmip is more likely to jump high than uionrualzqs
itqfwwk is a kangaroo, kxoni is a rat, so itqfwwk is more likely to jump high than kxoni
scshb is a kangaroo, ncsu is a rat, so scshb is more likely to jump high than ncsu
kbwl is a kangaroo, maiqpx is a rat, so maiqpx is less likely to jump high than kbwl
iuqlsiyrkw is a kangaroo, grgfrklzdceg is a rat, so grgfrklzdceg is less likely to jump high than iuqlsiyrkw
tac is a kangaroo, mbldxtjdbpbz is a rat, so mbldxtjdbpbz is less likely to jump high than tac
xiuuxwaizwf is a kangaroo, dhtxslr is a rat, so dhtxslr is less likely to jump high than xiuuxwaizwf
naflqlqabe is a kangaroo, iruahmbeavab is a rat, so iruahmbeavab is less likely to jump high than naflqlqabe
piwnwtwyb is a kangaroo, kclkjdspdo is a rat, so piwnwtwyb is not less likely to jump high than kclkjdspdo
bktjvnpvfw is a kangaroo, smvwuammqw is a rat, so bktjvnpvfw is not less likely to jump high than smvwuammqw
tskpnpksby is a kangaroo, mjk is a rat, so tskpnpksby is not less likely to jump high than mjk
doacnkufdz is a kangaroo, ntdx is a rat, so doacnkufdz is not less likely to jump high than ntdx
fttxe is a kangaroo, exjp is a rat, so fttxe is not less likely to jump high than exjp
uajttglcty is a kangaroo, dkqtgu is a rat, so dkqtgu is not more likely to jump high than uajttglcty
ftmj is a kangaroo, osuejr is a rat, so osuejr is not more likely to jump high than ftmj
ibr is a kangaroo, lfeoxuvzyk is a rat, so lfeoxuvzyk is not more likely to jump high than ibr
digsaohizs is a kangaroo, pow is a rat, so pow is not more likely to jump high than digsaohizs
dluecjmhgli is a kangaroo, hkqelrcpnzyc is a rat, so hkqelrcpnzyc is not more likely to jump high than dluecjmhgli
jfskwlscuz is a cow, iazfcxiobj is a dolphin, so jfskwlscuz is more likely to be in a butcher shop than iazfcxiobj
cntfouud is a cow, ibalaqv is a dolphin, so cntfouud is more likely to be in a butcher shop than ibalaqv
lbvsqw is a cow, cvra is a dolphin, so lbvsqw is more likely to be in a butcher shop than cvra
eymnbqbgac is a cow, pnclznfe is a dolphin, so eymnbqbgac is more likely to be in a butcher shop than pnclznfe
fajjq is a cow, vhewukkbwh is a dolphin, so fajjq is more likely to be in a butcher shop than vhewukkbwh
ptkk is a cow, wpu is a dolphin, so wpu is less likely to be in a butcher shop than ptkk
sixyvqybv is a cow, iljrtjrgoix is a dolphin, so iljrtjrgoix is less likely to be in a butcher shop than sixyvqybv
woeh is a cow, bwjpwrhcc is a dolphin, so bwjpwrhcc is less likely to be in a butcher shop than woeh
oitjlknhs is a cow, rgbcumzekmz is a dolphin, so rgbcumzekmz is less likely to be in a butcher shop than oitjlknhs
mowuvpdnsxb is a cow, lfrpzudn is a dolphin, so lfrpzudn is less likely to be in a butcher shop than mowuvpdnsxb
ehsxwkdy is a cow, edw is a dolphin, so ehsxwkdy is not less likely to be in a butcher shop than edw
aobnjtzlj is a cow, bavi is a dolphin, so aobnjtzlj is not less likely to be in a butcher shop than bavi
plrsrvstnz is a cow, hcexpklyr is a dolphin, so plrsrvstnz is not less likely to be in a butcher shop than hcexpklyr
htzdjuic is a cow, sljchpdpq is a dolphin, so htzdjuic is not less likely to be in a butcher shop than sljchpdpq
xpqpzwtp is a cow, zwbxestlbgja is a dolphin, so xpqpzwtp is not less likely to be in a butcher shop than zwbxestlbgja
aywqdw is a cow, whxgdbkoylng is a dolphin, so whxgdbkoylng is not more likely to be in a butcher shop than aywqdw
fnkmyw is a cow, jpobdujjhr is a dolphin, so jpobdujjhr is not more likely to be in a butcher shop than fnkmyw
lzjmew is a cow, iyxnvkwauu is a dolphin, so iyxnvkwauu is not more likely to be in a butcher shop than lzjmew
cpriefv is a cow, jlfibte is a dolphin, so jlfibte is not more likely to be in a butcher shop than cpriefv
cjzgyeehkfq is a cow, jaueprgkcmie is a dolphin, so jaueprgkcmie is not more likely to be in a butcher shop than cjzgyeehkfq
lawivler is a duck, ohz is a snail, so lawivler is more likely to be in wetland areas than ohz
cjtudpgth is a duck, hpehgskjf is a snail, so cjtudpgth is more likely to be in wetland areas than hpehgskjf
wkruqbgjrtdi is a duck, hofwhccwdwm is a snail, so wkruqbgjrtdi is more likely to be in wetland areas than hofwhccwdwm
vawdrgj is a duck, kykxiahnw is a snail, so vawdrgj is more likely to be in wetland areas than kykxiahnw
tkcywgk is a duck, nidg is a snail, so tkcywgk is more likely to be in wetland areas than nidg
mjshszrpk is a duck, jnssig is a snail, so jnssig is more likely to be in wetland areas than mjshszrpk
bgwv is a duck, xzmbecfguvq is a snail, so xzmbecfguvq is more likely to be in wetland areas than bgwv
cjvealdo is a duck, vdguashjdwe is a snail, so vdguashjdwe is more likely to be in wetland areas than cjvealdo
yysfjvuyydn is a duck, ray is a snail, so ray is more likely to be in wetland areas than yysfjvuyydn
zhx is a duck, mtnzydh is a snail, so mtnzydh is more likely to be in wetland areas than zhx
zegye is a duck, cjqzakap is a snail, so zegye is not less likely to be in wetland areas than cjqzakap
ntm is a duck, tjnp is a snail, so ntm is not less likely to be in wetland areas than tjnp
vwyxylgztsjz is a duck, uatx is a snail, so vwyxylgztsjz is not less likely to be in wetland areas than uatx
ndoaepzrxhnv is a duck, aubsgqilnqko is a snail, so ndoaepzrxhnv is not less likely to be in wetland areas than aubsgqilnqko
cezv is a duck, kwyrl is a snail, so cezv is not less likely to be in wetland areas than kwyrl
egzmuzkc is a duck, lkznuuwgpar is a snail, so lkznuuwgpar is not more likely to be in wetland areas than egzmuzkc
guoygxl is a duck, gann is a snail, so gann is not more likely to be in wetland areas than guoygxl
pndyufrmhty is a duck, bvgkhow is a snail, so bvgkhow is not more likely to be in wetland areas than pndyufrmhty
dxfrpy is a duck, iidlocqfzdu is a snail, so iidlocqfzdu is not more likely to be in wetland areas than dxfrpy
aohw is a duck, rupwr is a snail, so rupwr is not more likely to be in wetland areas than aohw
ieaqbvplt is a cow, zpv is a sheep, so ieaqbvplt is more likely to produce methane gas than zpv
dtqlnogcs is a cow, vbcb is a sheep, so dtqlnogcs is more likely to produce methane gas than vbcb
rbozjgx is a cow, byafrbpuss is a sheep, so rbozjgx is more likely to produce methane gas than byafrbpuss
irmokzllaqv is a cow, tzekvgki is a sheep, so irmokzllaqv is more likely to produce methane gas than tzekvgki
fimhjkaoqduc is a cow, lxqhcajvffb is a sheep, so fimhjkaoqduc is more likely to produce methane gas than lxqhcajvffb
ityhsxfmz is a cow, hdwstdmv is a sheep, so hdwstdmv is less likely to produce methane gas than ityhsxfmz
drwufxhz is a cow, yetmbjkmuegb is a sheep, so yetmbjkmuegb is less likely to produce methane gas than drwufxhz
rdmckwzkltqs is a cow, qbodsnfhsgd is a sheep, so qbodsnfhsgd is less likely to produce methane gas than rdmckwzkltqs
ucl is a cow, oopmymydg is a sheep, so oopmymydg is less likely to produce methane gas than ucl
idymxbuxiug is a cow, gfpumndrrmi is a sheep, so gfpumndrrmi is less likely to produce methane gas than idymxbuxiug
kjjkujrokj is a cow, hwmxnzjak is a sheep, so kjjkujrokj is not more likely to produce methane gas than hwmxnzjak
wnzq is a cow, swvj is a sheep, so wnzq is not more likely to produce methane gas than swvj
wfdqb is a cow, msgizc is a sheep, so wfdqb is not more likely to produce methane gas than msgizc
npskljpnknvt is a cow, sqwodyxucpt is a sheep, so npskljpnknvt is not more likely to produce methane gas than sqwodyxucpt
fob is a cow, vmtighdc is a sheep, so fob is not more likely to produce methane gas than vmtighdc
dccajqhrtm is a cow, sjnzdiz is a sheep, so sjnzdiz is not more likely to produce methane gas than dccajqhrtm
bhxkmlbpaxrg is a cow, kuugxymxys is a sheep, so kuugxymxys is not more likely to produce methane gas than bhxkmlbpaxrg
uzjhn is a cow, cgtbqbav is a sheep, so cgtbqbav is not more likely to produce methane gas than uzjhn
lltbgkqurys is a cow, qvgjoc is a sheep, so qvgjoc is not more likely to produce methane gas than lltbgkqurys
zuiu is a cow, wqtgbiryty is a sheep, so wqtgbiryty is not more likely to produce methane gas than zuiu
bgsh is a fox, ofxwjoigffub is a turtle, so bgsh is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than ofxwjoigffub
lkfjdqgmalw is a fox, nthpcytvxgm is a turtle, so lkfjdqgmalw is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than nthpcytvxgm
olwpturlkvre is a fox, qqlaljpk is a turtle, so olwpturlkvre is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than qqlaljpk
jwkvwk is a fox, dprglodml is a turtle, so jwkvwk is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than dprglodml
fhoyagp is a fox, vrpinbc is a turtle, so fhoyagp is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than vrpinbc
htf is a fox, bdufd is a turtle, so bdufd is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than htf
kwmomcwoxzj is a fox, gywefnap is a turtle, so gywefnap is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than kwmomcwoxzj
fdkqkkklzi is a fox, ytssajdmdxjd is a turtle, so ytssajdmdxjd is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than fdkqkkklzi
ftwsgneq is a fox, kxyncdkapi is a turtle, so kxyncdkapi is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than ftwsgneq
dghc is a fox, svtequ is a turtle, so svtequ is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than dghc
uchtgjc is a fox, rljymr is a turtle, so uchtgjc is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than rljymr
rfqxeykprugd is a fox, tuockdmb is a turtle, so rfqxeykprugd is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than tuockdmb
cfcx is a fox, lmgpnx is a turtle, so cfcx is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than lmgpnx
rhwvkqq is a fox, zxvvf is a turtle, so rhwvkqq is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than zxvvf
clrijbb is a fox, wmbemlng is a turtle, so clrijbb is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than wmbemlng
efsowwfibnr is a fox, zapwijig is a turtle, so zapwijig is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than efsowwfibnr
pxtxqagvonhh is a fox, ibtvbznx is a turtle, so ibtvbznx is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than pxtxqagvonhh
lwkws is a fox, fsmvpadgjr is a turtle, so fsmvpadgjr is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than lwkws
bdxyqngp is a fox, cdxqauc is a turtle, so cdxqauc is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than bdxyqngp
gaqjlyj is a fox, sywkqjq is a turtle, so sywkqjq is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than gaqjlyj
stkbyobnp is a squirrel, yokyss is a snake, so stkbyobnp is more likely to gather acorns than yokyss
idpjnvaraj is a squirrel, blajsjil is a snake, so idpjnvaraj is more likely to gather acorns than blajsjil
rapc is a squirrel, ctgi is a snake, so rapc is more likely to gather acorns than ctgi
lipvzznurjmp is a squirrel, yeo is a snake, so lipvzznurjmp is more likely to gather acorns than yeo
iboozk is a squirrel, fqfipanephg is a snake, so iboozk is more likely to gather acorns than fqfipanephg
befleqc is a squirrel, zxqma is a snake, so zxqma is less likely to gather acorns than befleqc
hqizzjpzhuhb is a squirrel, hayjjersd is a snake, so hayjjersd is less likely to gather acorns than hqizzjpzhuhb
fbkqsbcrjzrh is a squirrel, vblkcsmhpic is a snake, so vblkcsmhpic is less likely to gather acorns than fbkqsbcrjzrh
mwqcoujfitt is a squirrel, byuhtcimb is a snake, so byuhtcimb is less likely to gather acorns than mwqcoujfitt
cghtded is a squirrel, arxvjtl is a snake, so arxvjtl is less likely to gather acorns than cghtded
eiexqvtn is a squirrel, neuo is a snake, so eiexqvtn is not less likely to gather acorns than neuo
akjkc is a squirrel, yvmx is a snake, so akjkc is not less likely to gather acorns than yvmx
zfjtv is a squirrel, igkzk is a snake, so zfjtv is not less likely to gather acorns than igkzk
ilxxg is a squirrel, ymnwdd is a snake, so ilxxg is not less likely to gather acorns than ymnwdd
gwizm is a squirrel, iddjjtgektlh is a snake, so gwizm is not less likely to gather acorns than iddjjtgektlh
tzbfcb is a squirrel, fbrrumunm is a snake, so fbrrumunm is not more likely to gather acorns than tzbfcb
qppqjm is a squirrel, uqekjvk is a snake, so uqekjvk is not more likely to gather acorns than qppqjm
dqzblkpdmbbq is a squirrel, rllveeka is a snake, so rllveeka is not more likely to gather acorns than dqzblkpdmbbq
dvahrgfa is a squirrel, hqxg is a snake, so hqxg is not more likely to gather acorns than dvahrgfa
vtbt is a squirrel, cdwwmfd is a snake, so cdwwmfd is not more likely to gather acorns than vtbt
vtwqmmlleyb is a goat, luckhuevyq is a tiger, so vtwqmmlleyb is more likely to be in the barn than luckhuevyq
xsurscl is a goat, njfsde is a tiger, so xsurscl is more likely to be in the barn than njfsde
pnez is a goat, nphrhfl is a tiger, so pnez is more likely to be in the barn than nphrhfl
ghffz is a goat, spnofjvy is a tiger, so ghffz is more likely to be in the barn than spnofjvy
tipwnpdfmww is a goat, myrz is a tiger, so tipwnpdfmww is more likely to be in the barn than myrz
yrankiwssk is a goat, vlsbbensn is a tiger, so vlsbbensn is less likely to be in the barn than yrankiwssk
sliuiktlqpco is a goat, ytxbfqqlgsbu is a tiger, so ytxbfqqlgsbu is less likely to be in the barn than sliuiktlqpco
vsqfa is a goat, lrmpbh is a tiger, so lrmpbh is less likely to be in the barn than vsqfa
hhfqxv is a goat, qbakulh is a tiger, so qbakulh is less likely to be in the barn than hhfqxv
xibykeqfd is a goat, ptcbc is a tiger, so ptcbc is less likely to be in the barn than xibykeqfd
schnqhxtlz is a goat, zrmypzahpbtt is a tiger, so schnqhxtlz is not less likely to be in the barn than zrmypzahpbtt
mxavmnjwfsr is a goat, qjedzmdeesy is a tiger, so mxavmnjwfsr is not less likely to be in the barn than qjedzmdeesy
iiy is a goat, beo is a tiger, so iiy is not less likely to be in the barn than beo
zgbjkoawohe is a goat, jhkunq is a tiger, so zgbjkoawohe is not less likely to be in the barn than jhkunq
vbexgzns is a goat, agkwpwtffh is a tiger, so vbexgzns is not less likely to be in the barn than agkwpwtffh
nczeqr is a goat, cnzxqhpx is a tiger, so cnzxqhpx is not more likely to be in the barn than nczeqr
odyab is a goat, ijljybdbkbw is a tiger, so ijljybdbkbw is not more likely to be in the barn than odyab
iafbivlfq is a goat, bpxtmbrdompt is a tiger, so bpxtmbrdompt is not more likely to be in the barn than iafbivlfq
ovtv is a goat, nzsh is a tiger, so nzsh is not more likely to be in the barn than ovtv
haqzf is a goat, xmvme is a tiger, so xmvme is not more likely to be in the barn than haqzf
rvnyanexlv is a cow, rmedvyrh is a rat, so rvnyanexlv is more low by mooing than rmedvyrh
nhru is a cow, jrjumvso is a rat, so nhru is more low by mooing than jrjumvso
xpholl is a cow, doszgl is a rat, so xpholl is more low by mooing than doszgl
jcvrwaq is a cow, pgsbjw is a rat, so jcvrwaq is more low by mooing than pgsbjw
qqniyyfutdwr is a cow, oytygy is a rat, so qqniyyfutdwr is more low by mooing than oytygy
zzlukqhgb is a cow, hulpnx is a rat, so hulpnx is less low by mooing than zzlukqhgb
ywmdrbjom is a cow, mkmpcejudsvj is a rat, so mkmpcejudsvj is less low by mooing than ywmdrbjom
lfozdqelo is a cow, fzhtaamtnw is a rat, so fzhtaamtnw is less low by mooing than lfozdqelo
zmvibynxuw is a cow, bjyrpaptzdh is a rat, so bjyrpaptzdh is less low by mooing than zmvibynxuw
vys is a cow, cdlfbicwn is a rat, so cdlfbicwn is less low by mooing than vys
ppaiabcpl is a cow, zzn is a rat, so ppaiabcpl is not less low by mooing than zzn
iwymligvu is a cow, armalbyz is a rat, so iwymligvu is not less low by mooing than armalbyz
bpyjb is a cow, ifxxcje is a rat, so bpyjb is not less low by mooing than ifxxcje
kkmawvpwm is a cow, sedbk is a rat, so kkmawvpwm is not less low by mooing than sedbk
nsfwvkzdakpu is a cow, eminl is a rat, so nsfwvkzdakpu is not less low by mooing than eminl
qmqrxrpm is a cow, omygkon is a rat, so omygkon is not more low by mooing than qmqrxrpm
ncxttrign is a cow, jvz is a rat, so jvz is not more low by mooing than ncxttrign
mweo is a cow, oxskdtusfg is a rat, so oxskdtusfg is not more low by mooing than mweo
xezpxt is a cow, vzn is a rat, so vzn is not more low by mooing than xezpxt
qusjv is a cow, wozltwk is a rat, so wozltwk is not more low by mooing than qusjv
wfyhs is a fly, pnwcfioa is a squirrel, so wfyhs is more likely to fly around than pnwcfioa
aact is a fly, rqlnqpblzq is a squirrel, so aact is more likely to fly around than rqlnqpblzq
pzxmmrhtfso is a fly, jbjpbecqsof is a squirrel, so pzxmmrhtfso is more likely to fly around than jbjpbecqsof
rekcwdwxxgy is a fly, vasge is a squirrel, so rekcwdwxxgy is more likely to fly around than vasge
hocyx is a fly, okxoi is a squirrel, so hocyx is more likely to fly around than okxoi
spt is a fly, psjqjvv is a squirrel, so psjqjvv is less likely to fly around than spt
ohjwdhb is a fly, hdzitw is a squirrel, so hdzitw is less likely to fly around than ohjwdhb
emvo is a fly, ecojlx is a squirrel, so ecojlx is less likely to fly around than emvo
rbh is a fly, nzzsvybsuxru is a squirrel, so nzzsvybsuxru is less likely to fly around than rbh
ekbqmqr is a fly, hgnuyitq is a squirrel, so hgnuyitq is less likely to fly around than ekbqmqr
ridac is a fly, qhqbtpcyf is a squirrel, so ridac is not less likely to fly around than qhqbtpcyf
leen is a fly, vwhzpoqpf is a squirrel, so leen is not less likely to fly around than vwhzpoqpf
htxtap is a fly, ngakmnrbx is a squirrel, so htxtap is not less likely to fly around than ngakmnrbx
wouezdqecqh is a fly, vwpbgwuhyc is a squirrel, so wouezdqecqh is not less likely to fly around than vwpbgwuhyc
xop is a fly, cwqghhcbclf is a squirrel, so xop is not less likely to fly around than cwqghhcbclf
oafnpixmznkb is a fly, mdypuydo is a squirrel, so mdypuydo is not more likely to fly around than oafnpixmznkb
voibeueryu is a fly, fobwveqxspe is a squirrel, so fobwveqxspe is not more likely to fly around than voibeueryu
gms is a fly, diwfqqrirb is a squirrel, so diwfqqrirb is not more likely to fly around than gms
snutnt is a fly, zcziiisnsc is a squirrel, so zcziiisnsc is not more likely to fly around than snutnt
yuucifls is a fly, exzjq is a squirrel, so exzjq is not more likely to fly around than yuucifls
zuuzn is a bee, wvlnfp is a pig, so zuuzn is more likely to be in the sky than wvlnfp
les is a bee, etszx is a pig, so les is more likely to be in the sky than etszx
acqhertmnk is a bee, iuwbe is a pig, so acqhertmnk is more likely to be in the sky than iuwbe
angfom is a bee, kxfwwooworgw is a pig, so angfom is more likely to be in the sky than kxfwwooworgw
xjih is a bee, eaquspihrl is a pig, so xjih is more likely to be in the sky than eaquspihrl
ajunlipibtm is a bee, vgqvgybvvgvc is a pig, so vgqvgybvvgvc is less likely to be in the sky than ajunlipibtm
zbrxaeoybko is a bee, auqfi is a pig, so auqfi is less likely to be in the sky than zbrxaeoybko
ijctw is a bee, pnoo is a pig, so pnoo is less likely to be in the sky than ijctw
eiyiocywbmuk is a bee, bmxjesvw is a pig, so bmxjesvw is less likely to be in the sky than eiyiocywbmuk
zjskt is a bee, rspvwdlkkv is a pig, so rspvwdlkkv is less likely to be in the sky than zjskt
ryosuc is a bee, lwttxdbvsknr is a pig, so ryosuc is not less likely to be in the sky than lwttxdbvsknr
xocktth is a bee, xkyd is a pig, so xocktth is not less likely to be in the sky than xkyd
rmbmmpu is a bee, qma is a pig, so rmbmmpu is not less likely to be in the sky than qma
imoxkzdy is a bee, mxeqjemantdk is a pig, so imoxkzdy is not less likely to be in the sky than mxeqjemantdk
jwytyvcg is a bee, oolnkkbqjd is a pig, so jwytyvcg is not less likely to be in the sky than oolnkkbqjd
skytadrudnv is a bee, ulep is a pig, so ulep is not more likely to be in the sky than skytadrudnv
tmq is a bee, flthifvvpq is a pig, so flthifvvpq is not more likely to be in the sky than tmq
yjvf is a bee, dlkkyguiitd is a pig, so dlkkyguiitd is not more likely to be in the sky than yjvf
ysrzaokoc is a bee, okei is a pig, so okei is not more likely to be in the sky than ysrzaokoc
feehq is a bee, cvwyfxtwdnr is a pig, so cvwyfxtwdnr is not more likely to be in the sky than feehq
npfzoed is a owl, fspcgqz is a eagle, so npfzoed is more likely to see at night than fspcgqz
atfsxqhdshjb is a owl, wcfjixq is a eagle, so atfsxqhdshjb is more likely to see at night than wcfjixq
imsi is a owl, aeo is a eagle, so imsi is more likely to see at night than aeo
xbhsgqrciapg is a owl, ftcljvashqa is a eagle, so xbhsgqrciapg is more likely to see at night than ftcljvashqa
xbgzqd is a owl, tspsvrihjemq is a eagle, so xbgzqd is more likely to see at night than tspsvrihjemq
rlxrpfjo is a owl, amt is a eagle, so amt is less likely to see at night than rlxrpfjo
kpuocow is a owl, advsp is a eagle, so advsp is less likely to see at night than kpuocow
pcvkd is a owl, edvnbinacboo is a eagle, so edvnbinacboo is less likely to see at night than pcvkd
kbwykav is a owl, dsqwtqv is a eagle, so dsqwtqv is less likely to see at night than kbwykav
rusyarhef is a owl, wvdfrg is a eagle, so wvdfrg is less likely to see at night than rusyarhef
acubxfkr is a owl, nuidqbwy is a eagle, so acubxfkr is not less likely to see at night than nuidqbwy
jpflppjkb is a owl, wzheqrlptlsp is a eagle, so jpflppjkb is not less likely to see at night than wzheqrlptlsp
zomdkrsiq is a owl, jzk is a eagle, so zomdkrsiq is not less likely to see at night than jzk
jevfltn is a owl, wqdirye is a eagle, so jevfltn is not less likely to see at night than wqdirye
lbvpjnhsyyc is a owl, vezsji is a eagle, so lbvpjnhsyyc is not less likely to see at night than vezsji
jcmsepxqqq is a owl, fxrgy is a eagle, so fxrgy is not more likely to see at night than jcmsepxqqq
gesofeijhmyi is a owl, utjqst is a eagle, so utjqst is not more likely to see at night than gesofeijhmyi
ngrydeib is a owl, bfv is a eagle, so bfv is not more likely to see at night than ngrydeib
mpmzgd is a owl, ihzstliyu is a eagle, so ihzstliyu is not more likely to see at night than mpmzgd
jbmlchyifkfs is a owl, gtycpucbw is a eagle, so gtycpucbw is not more likely to see at night than jbmlchyifkfs
nmousqou is a cow, bxjqrrqsfip is a cat, so nmousqou is more likely to be in a paddock than bxjqrrqsfip
sbvpsef is a cow, ibj is a cat, so sbvpsef is more likely to be in a paddock than ibj
ege is a cow, wqqh is a cat, so ege is more likely to be in a paddock than wqqh
wqrc is a cow, frdlcmhamg is a cat, so wqrc is more likely to be in a paddock than frdlcmhamg
lhqnxzpvp is a cow, xyfty is a cat, so lhqnxzpvp is more likely to be in a paddock than xyfty
hxndna is a cow, tbexyutje is a cat, so tbexyutje is less likely to be in a paddock than hxndna
tfnkhs is a cow, taibttolabhk is a cat, so taibttolabhk is less likely to be in a paddock than tfnkhs
ssqsnpjqzyrc is a cow, hfvjq is a cat, so hfvjq is less likely to be in a paddock than ssqsnpjqzyrc
ekxggzf is a cow, iupe is a cat, so iupe is less likely to be in a paddock than ekxggzf
bmfapww is a cow, dwohqvjq is a cat, so dwohqvjq is less likely to be in a paddock than bmfapww
fwspukr is a cow, wvnoxcblosm is a cat, so fwspukr is not less likely to be in a paddock than wvnoxcblosm
jbzfxa is a cow, ecrygfoz is a cat, so jbzfxa is not less likely to be in a paddock than ecrygfoz
xilgexgb is a cow, ibfpodli is a cat, so xilgexgb is not less likely to be in a paddock than ibfpodli
dxh is a cow, ethlc is a cat, so dxh is not less likely to be in a paddock than ethlc
votzeavsu is a cow, copyenbzl is a cat, so votzeavsu is not less likely to be in a paddock than copyenbzl
cilifsxanos is a cow, euulgogkako is a cat, so euulgogkako is not more likely to be in a paddock than cilifsxanos
nykatt is a cow, eztedyx is a cat, so eztedyx is not more likely to be in a paddock than nykatt
iuijjtdlh is a cow, kxty is a cat, so kxty is not more likely to be in a paddock than iuijjtdlh
jrdifowzy is a cow, poftacmm is a cat, so poftacmm is not more likely to be in a paddock than jrdifowzy
obhuwrzn is a cow, rpbovjz is a cat, so rpbovjz is not more likely to be in a paddock than obhuwrzn
lexbxjhftsho is a pig, czgbglkywg is a kangaroo, so lexbxjhftsho is more likely to find a truffle than czgbglkywg
froin is a pig, fxumndlfw is a kangaroo, so froin is more likely to find a truffle than fxumndlfw
meylcjuoes is a pig, bnecbvysnw is a kangaroo, so meylcjuoes is more likely to find a truffle than bnecbvysnw
kxwamcv is a pig, kubzalyji is a kangaroo, so kxwamcv is more likely to find a truffle than kubzalyji
gjmzmteo is a pig, ggou is a kangaroo, so gjmzmteo is more likely to find a truffle than ggou
pkec is a pig, eougcaqcsdsh is a kangaroo, so eougcaqcsdsh is less likely to find a truffle than pkec
yrrcp is a pig, wcrsokrvicr is a kangaroo, so wcrsokrvicr is less likely to find a truffle than yrrcp
zphvrsqp is a pig, wrwabeduj is a kangaroo, so wrwabeduj is less likely to find a truffle than zphvrsqp
njca is a pig, sswkzzuv is a kangaroo, so sswkzzuv is less likely to find a truffle than njca
cmhi is a pig, xnlrarwcp is a kangaroo, so xnlrarwcp is less likely to find a truffle than cmhi
ficas is a pig, tfp is a kangaroo, so ficas is not less likely to find a truffle than tfp
wvgh is a pig, aji is a kangaroo, so wvgh is not less likely to find a truffle than aji
lgcgyfxe is a pig, kunvdntcoyp is a kangaroo, so lgcgyfxe is not less likely to find a truffle than kunvdntcoyp
eocm is a pig, fvkkhtgssn is a kangaroo, so eocm is not less likely to find a truffle than fvkkhtgssn
suwlewttvgwe is a pig, yeijz is a kangaroo, so suwlewttvgwe is not less likely to find a truffle than yeijz
jnyugsyh is a pig, ffpwndgltvi is a kangaroo, so ffpwndgltvi is not more likely to find a truffle than jnyugsyh
xaols is a pig, cuo is a kangaroo, so cuo is not more likely to find a truffle than xaols
hmr is a pig, oxqxy is a kangaroo, so oxqxy is not more likely to find a truffle than hmr
usjapxdz is a pig, exbdaqehqrv is a kangaroo, so exbdaqehqrv is not more likely to find a truffle than usjapxdz
uqdmhc is a pig, wgdwouxxdlo is a kangaroo, so wgdwouxxdlo is not more likely to find a truffle than uqdmhc
gspvpwosh is a cat, jsmabjmn is a horse, so gspvpwosh is more likely to be in my lap than jsmabjmn
wdgfzqts is a cat, zwiutaxycm is a horse, so wdgfzqts is more likely to be in my lap than zwiutaxycm
srtnsxlsaci is a cat, hzxejwvq is a horse, so srtnsxlsaci is more likely to be in my lap than hzxejwvq
lpsfviu is a cat, holwxl is a horse, so lpsfviu is more likely to be in my lap than holwxl
telluzzv is a cat, zexelqz is a horse, so telluzzv is more likely to be in my lap than zexelqz
pbmjjao is a cat, rgarjri is a horse, so rgarjri is less likely to be in my lap than pbmjjao
mxnbgbui is a cat, zpo is a horse, so zpo is less likely to be in my lap than mxnbgbui
ycybmtw is a cat, rrpizukfxzmx is a horse, so rrpizukfxzmx is less likely to be in my lap than ycybmtw
qilfqavb is a cat, bbubrpxstzye is a horse, so bbubrpxstzye is less likely to be in my lap than qilfqavb
pakeeqqxeq is a cat, ajtjomoekj is a horse, so ajtjomoekj is less likely to be in my lap than pakeeqqxeq
xscovrczz is a cat, dka is a horse, so xscovrczz is not less likely to be in my lap than dka
htairlmmicx is a cat, fpxioqlc is a horse, so htairlmmicx is not less likely to be in my lap than fpxioqlc
fupej is a cat, udtahqyrl is a horse, so fupej is not less likely to be in my lap than udtahqyrl
qvzhqbmtntdz is a cat, vaxnx is a horse, so qvzhqbmtntdz is not less likely to be in my lap than vaxnx
xccdvpha is a cat, fpqyibfxedf is a horse, so xccdvpha is not less likely to be in my lap than fpqyibfxedf
rolunypjfw is a cat, lhsrujcjqb is a horse, so lhsrujcjqb is not less likely to be in my lap than rolunypjfw
jqdacolgbtey is a cat, zbfghlwmkjwm is a horse, so zbfghlwmkjwm is not less likely to be in my lap than jqdacolgbtey
tdiu is a cat, fykcdkbu is a horse, so fykcdkbu is not less likely to be in my lap than tdiu
vbkutqcq is a cat, kmkcwfztjpus is a horse, so kmkcwfztjpus is not less likely to be in my lap than vbkutqcq
loossfkw is a cat, nvhamksgavld is a horse, so nvhamksgavld is not less likely to be in my lap than loossfkw
tgaocy is a kangaroo, jeuucex is a hamster, so tgaocy is more likely to jump than jeuucex
agt is a kangaroo, orrcjpgbfox is a hamster, so agt is more likely to jump than orrcjpgbfox
hfedsqv is a kangaroo, csbptftgdxhc is a hamster, so hfedsqv is more likely to jump than csbptftgdxhc
abc is a kangaroo, rxvalvhmz is a hamster, so abc is more likely to jump than rxvalvhmz
eoiddtycbv is a kangaroo, uknnbdl is a hamster, so eoiddtycbv is more likely to jump than uknnbdl
tywucpevp is a kangaroo, ihrtonqntbrf is a hamster, so ihrtonqntbrf is less likely to jump than tywucpevp
bchboiznly is a kangaroo, neilgsx is a hamster, so neilgsx is less likely to jump than bchboiznly
krbttn is a kangaroo, cnz is a hamster, so cnz is less likely to jump than krbttn
mxia is a kangaroo, iwmhmugpwh is a hamster, so iwmhmugpwh is less likely to jump than mxia
ojuxxaiz is a kangaroo, tlrwxi is a hamster, so tlrwxi is less likely to jump than ojuxxaiz
ojlfqlsxzly is a kangaroo, dqzravd is a hamster, so ojlfqlsxzly is not less likely to jump than dqzravd
twunukgexgh is a kangaroo, lepuyzh is a hamster, so twunukgexgh is not less likely to jump than lepuyzh
mudanjdseys is a kangaroo, vwzeolg is a hamster, so mudanjdseys is not less likely to jump than vwzeolg
taaxcwvjp is a kangaroo, xymmuymxrk is a hamster, so taaxcwvjp is not less likely to jump than xymmuymxrk
esyokiffq is a kangaroo, qhdptgjngg is a hamster, so esyokiffq is not less likely to jump than qhdptgjngg
zoiddxq is a kangaroo, pwlqhn is a hamster, so pwlqhn is not more likely to jump than zoiddxq
kborpdkuwy is a kangaroo, zhrdncpzh is a hamster, so zhrdncpzh is not more likely to jump than kborpdkuwy
unmuoxkxzwv is a kangaroo, eatprizihv is a hamster, so eatprizihv is not more likely to jump than unmuoxkxzwv
jojjcqxahzh is a kangaroo, riulscp is a hamster, so riulscp is not more likely to jump than jojjcqxahzh
mhtmaczwc is a kangaroo, wknzq is a hamster, so wknzq is not more likely to jump than mhtmaczwc
ifdqrfze is a horse, msyfpeojzxoy is a tiger, so ifdqrfze is more likely to be in a parade than msyfpeojzxoy
esrpmj is a horse, sadizzcf is a tiger, so esrpmj is more likely to be in a parade than sadizzcf
xjxsgkdaxe is a horse, lwrvyieql is a tiger, so xjxsgkdaxe is more likely to be in a parade than lwrvyieql
aze is a horse, vmdomxvlb is a tiger, so aze is more likely to be in a parade than vmdomxvlb
zgrfhstfeam is a horse, jwfgui is a tiger, so zgrfhstfeam is more likely to be in a parade than jwfgui
ghumsc is a horse, zivvbpdwit is a tiger, so zivvbpdwit is less likely to be in a parade than ghumsc
mjlighivsub is a horse, aumrcxpt is a tiger, so aumrcxpt is less likely to be in a parade than mjlighivsub
spm is a horse, ijvvcsz is a tiger, so ijvvcsz is less likely to be in a parade than spm
xepym is a horse, vshjo is a tiger, so vshjo is less likely to be in a parade than xepym
fxcooc is a horse, tdr is a tiger, so tdr is less likely to be in a parade than fxcooc
kokec is a horse, farqjcq is a tiger, so kokec is not more likely to be in a parade than farqjcq
nggrq is a horse, zdfwuwddw is a tiger, so nggrq is not more likely to be in a parade than zdfwuwddw
nhkpwmqdk is a horse, pzmcg is a tiger, so nhkpwmqdk is not more likely to be in a parade than pzmcg
nxbsg is a horse, wual is a tiger, so nxbsg is not more likely to be in a parade than wual
qzwsjivrwpxn is a horse, ykob is a tiger, so qzwsjivrwpxn is not more likely to be in a parade than ykob
dqonpzozgaa is a horse, gdsk is a tiger, so gdsk is not more likely to be in a parade than dqonpzozgaa
raxkksoj is a horse, mmrodybsyvw is a tiger, so mmrodybsyvw is not more likely to be in a parade than raxkksoj
byv is a horse, tjvw is a tiger, so tjvw is not more likely to be in a parade than byv
kwm is a horse, hprkqjvcaun is a tiger, so hprkqjvcaun is not more likely to be in a parade than kwm
emm is a horse, fsgxevuabis is a tiger, so fsgxevuabis is not more likely to be in a parade than emm
nttu is a monkey, olyawyznxe is a chicken, so nttu is more likely to be in a barrel than olyawyznxe
ahzpsbgslhg is a monkey, cisqeoigg is a chicken, so ahzpsbgslhg is more likely to be in a barrel than cisqeoigg
bxnbpma is a monkey, hdxnxawwq is a chicken, so bxnbpma is more likely to be in a barrel than hdxnxawwq
notdoryqyxn is a monkey, tkchap is a chicken, so notdoryqyxn is more likely to be in a barrel than tkchap
jacmfalg is a monkey, mvjzzrx is a chicken, so jacmfalg is more likely to be in a barrel than mvjzzrx
rwqqafggag is a monkey, uwwyc is a chicken, so uwwyc is less likely to be in a barrel than rwqqafggag
ukouwpxdurci is a monkey, stoaajyq is a chicken, so stoaajyq is less likely to be in a barrel than ukouwpxdurci
olvxuxjctbog is a monkey, noeevhfn is a chicken, so noeevhfn is less likely to be in a barrel than olvxuxjctbog
gqsmibdvrol is a monkey, trpzgsx is a chicken, so trpzgsx is less likely to be in a barrel than gqsmibdvrol
aateajtebvi is a monkey, lqbfjpmhfj is a chicken, so lqbfjpmhfj is less likely to be in a barrel than aateajtebvi
auosipvuv is a monkey, ypjnrdwa is a chicken, so auosipvuv is not less likely to be in a barrel than ypjnrdwa
hsknmxrdqo is a monkey, yhsjyvnvyqt is a chicken, so hsknmxrdqo is not less likely to be in a barrel than yhsjyvnvyqt
scphydlsm is a monkey, irpusu is a chicken, so scphydlsm is not less likely to be in a barrel than irpusu
rugnpgohls is a monkey, lrwmn is a chicken, so rugnpgohls is not less likely to be in a barrel than lrwmn
xzcjqxuuk is a monkey, ujbb is a chicken, so xzcjqxuuk is not less likely to be in a barrel than ujbb
awcbarhfseo is a monkey, itxeon is a chicken, so itxeon is not more likely to be in a barrel than awcbarhfseo
rev is a monkey, hpxkzetleq is a chicken, so hpxkzetleq is not more likely to be in a barrel than rev
nbawdqmafp is a monkey, rttgcqofzge is a chicken, so rttgcqofzge is not more likely to be in a barrel than nbawdqmafp
ooxzozxjdnv is a monkey, lvfkl is a chicken, so lvfkl is not more likely to be in a barrel than ooxzozxjdnv
pmvsc is a monkey, fktqxinsalzm is a chicken, so fktqxinsalzm is not more likely to be in a barrel than pmvsc
akeiolnu is a bear, bmrh is a hippopotamus, so akeiolnu is more likely to fish for salmon than bmrh
qyspoeqkmjv is a bear, isrhytde is a hippopotamus, so qyspoeqkmjv is more likely to fish for salmon than isrhytde
rowsfjkw is a bear, jqfuxqfccw is a hippopotamus, so rowsfjkw is more likely to fish for salmon than jqfuxqfccw
wpdskmgpcob is a bear, nmelyidj is a hippopotamus, so wpdskmgpcob is more likely to fish for salmon than nmelyidj
bipjamp is a bear, hwjssbqlt is a hippopotamus, so bipjamp is more likely to fish for salmon than hwjssbqlt
obbgghm is a bear, ktgfq is a hippopotamus, so ktgfq is less likely to fish for salmon than obbgghm
bngyg is a bear, oiofht is a hippopotamus, so oiofht is less likely to fish for salmon than bngyg
pnvtjpmtv is a bear, ixemscd is a hippopotamus, so ixemscd is less likely to fish for salmon than pnvtjpmtv
amue is a bear, upfkcpw is a hippopotamus, so upfkcpw is less likely to fish for salmon than amue
pmdc is a bear, cekcgltvk is a hippopotamus, so cekcgltvk is less likely to fish for salmon than pmdc
sohaazzyeqx is a bear, amsgadzthg is a hippopotamus, so sohaazzyeqx is not more likely to fish for salmon than amsgadzthg
hmowrvvn is a bear, fetsmdudbfun is a hippopotamus, so hmowrvvn is not more likely to fish for salmon than fetsmdudbfun
akxcf is a bear, wocn is a hippopotamus, so akxcf is not more likely to fish for salmon than wocn
mtdydv is a bear, svubtv is a hippopotamus, so mtdydv is not more likely to fish for salmon than svubtv
ixrwmfto is a bear, fugmlxikotcw is a hippopotamus, so ixrwmfto is not more likely to fish for salmon than fugmlxikotcw
ufnivnmryv is a bear, elmqamsfn is a hippopotamus, so elmqamsfn is not more likely to fish for salmon than ufnivnmryv
xrzdclswwca is a bear, rcprbh is a hippopotamus, so rcprbh is not more likely to fish for salmon than xrzdclswwca
ixcauhr is a bear, lxwukttw is a hippopotamus, so lxwukttw is not more likely to fish for salmon than ixcauhr
xypik is a bear, ezcth is a hippopotamus, so ezcth is not more likely to fish for salmon than xypik
ntpxab is a bear, cahbnlgo is a hippopotamus, so cahbnlgo is not more likely to fish for salmon than ntpxab
zqacxiq is a fish, wwipgpfq is a snail, so zqacxiq is more likely to be on the market than wwipgpfq
uwucp is a fish, rnlyzkom is a snail, so uwucp is more likely to be on the market than rnlyzkom
kkvfrfsd is a fish, rheuc is a snail, so kkvfrfsd is more likely to be on the market than rheuc
yhjddkhmvij is a fish, ofuwg is a snail, so yhjddkhmvij is more likely to be on the market than ofuwg
irc is a fish, npkxu is a snail, so irc is more likely to be on the market than npkxu
vahuda is a fish, gsk is a snail, so gsk is less likely to be on the market than vahuda
zsln is a fish, ouxnxvqn is a snail, so ouxnxvqn is less likely to be on the market than zsln
ewplldau is a fish, pnffpqi is a snail, so pnffpqi is less likely to be on the market than ewplldau
zylqrq is a fish, nam is a snail, so nam is less likely to be on the market than zylqrq
xeojce is a fish, ydhuqgwzstj is a snail, so ydhuqgwzstj is less likely to be on the market than xeojce
wrav is a fish, jhxzdjttjayw is a snail, so wrav is not less likely to be on the market than jhxzdjttjayw
tsruakiuzzn is a fish, vhuuqihredz is a snail, so tsruakiuzzn is not less likely to be on the market than vhuuqihredz
arwu is a fish, uiimlo is a snail, so arwu is not less likely to be on the market than uiimlo
riizlxybl is a fish, dysrbrydp is a snail, so riizlxybl is not less likely to be on the market than dysrbrydp
wrfp is a fish, tccflq is a snail, so wrfp is not less likely to be on the market than tccflq
twdhz is a fish, xcoijqyuz is a snail, so xcoijqyuz is not more likely to be on the market than twdhz
lvaqmj is a fish, vjxbrshhisg is a snail, so vjxbrshhisg is not more likely to be on the market than lvaqmj
lquu is a fish, rcu is a snail, so rcu is not more likely to be on the market than lquu
rioopo is a fish, iknfya is a snail, so iknfya is not more likely to be on the market than rioopo
hutz is a fish, jkroslw is a snail, so jkroslw is not more likely to be on the market than hutz
tbzpphckigyt is a cow, sibjkkbocghl is a fox, so tbzpphckigyt is more likely to be at a county fair than sibjkkbocghl
hqb is a cow, acrogeqomu is a fox, so hqb is more likely to be at a county fair than acrogeqomu
uqnowin is a cow, vnsqwohudu is a fox, so uqnowin is more likely to be at a county fair than vnsqwohudu
abzggycoiao is a cow, syublwowaatm is a fox, so abzggycoiao is more likely to be at a county fair than syublwowaatm
jvogjorncuh is a cow, xepbuxome is a fox, so jvogjorncuh is more likely to be at a county fair than xepbuxome
vegc is a cow, pnusqrncuthf is a fox, so pnusqrncuthf is less likely to be at a county fair than vegc
bualh is a cow, icudamgek is a fox, so icudamgek is less likely to be at a county fair than bualh
yeacj is a cow, tkxboofax is a fox, so tkxboofax is less likely to be at a county fair than yeacj
ruoklflgos is a cow, hlzqahlqhy is a fox, so hlzqahlqhy is less likely to be at a county fair than ruoklflgos
rdxkxmsuaks is a cow, kzuaryuuvp is a fox, so kzuaryuuvp is less likely to be at a county fair than rdxkxmsuaks
mvhihig is a cow, tufgyuvasle is a fox, so mvhihig is not less likely to be at a county fair than tufgyuvasle
zqeybm is a cow, tieshli is a fox, so zqeybm is not less likely to be at a county fair than tieshli
kgotguzvfj is a cow, eunpykt is a fox, so kgotguzvfj is not less likely to be at a county fair than eunpykt
uig is a cow, zsqcclkrwce is a fox, so uig is not less likely to be at a county fair than zsqcclkrwce
hoett is a cow, zyayjzzgpk is a fox, so hoett is not less likely to be at a county fair than zyayjzzgpk
lxye is a cow, pzmyzbxui is a fox, so pzmyzbxui is not more likely to be at a county fair than lxye
fsao is a cow, ztqoozzzkvmg is a fox, so ztqoozzzkvmg is not more likely to be at a county fair than fsao
kjobfgph is a cow, haxrwhlvaquj is a fox, so haxrwhlvaquj is not more likely to be at a county fair than kjobfgph
zqyxtncgk is a cow, bbvukcytrxwh is a fox, so bbvukcytrxwh is not more likely to be at a county fair than zqyxtncgk
tkgoy is a cow, kkwwldt is a fox, so kkwwldt is not more likely to be at a county fair than tkgoy
tkypi is a bee, arcdv is a fish, so tkypi is more likely to be in the sky than arcdv
feou is a bee, ioeqeuebcu is a fish, so feou is more likely to be in the sky than ioeqeuebcu
rzrxkfkf is a bee, rcdwafnmgfh is a fish, so rzrxkfkf is more likely to be in the sky than rcdwafnmgfh
zlljuxiql is a bee, rlgfjty is a fish, so zlljuxiql is more likely to be in the sky than rlgfjty
jompbr is a bee, qaugfa is a fish, so jompbr is more likely to be in the sky than qaugfa
hha is a bee, skiqxja is a fish, so skiqxja is less likely to be in the sky than hha
qodhzarlv is a bee, hbnsufznw is a fish, so hbnsufznw is less likely to be in the sky than qodhzarlv
rmfmefvz is a bee, ghwqv is a fish, so ghwqv is less likely to be in the sky than rmfmefvz
arqmzylyvsmg is a bee, hkhrvnm is a fish, so hkhrvnm is less likely to be in the sky than arqmzylyvsmg
gihvyeoyveb is a bee, evb is a fish, so evb is less likely to be in the sky than gihvyeoyveb
uwekc is a bee, aqeu is a fish, so uwekc is not less likely to be in the sky than aqeu
jmkm is a bee, vknqfxfg is a fish, so jmkm is not less likely to be in the sky than vknqfxfg
gpkcmikjied is a bee, agqfvokxyhyw is a fish, so gpkcmikjied is not less likely to be in the sky than agqfvokxyhyw
uocej is a bee, ksdpcc is a fish, so uocej is not less likely to be in the sky than ksdpcc
lvwfckxnhbyq is a bee, ffkdsegauu is a fish, so lvwfckxnhbyq is not less likely to be in the sky than ffkdsegauu
arc is a bee, tdwhjsc is a fish, so tdwhjsc is not more likely to be in the sky than arc
obsjxwpze is a bee, fejdiyaenzdj is a fish, so fejdiyaenzdj is not more likely to be in the sky than obsjxwpze
isubzmcts is a bee, nhdiuedtd is a fish, so nhdiuedtd is not more likely to be in the sky than isubzmcts
svewzph is a bee, pnjzvuumpak is a fish, so pnjzvuumpak is not more likely to be in the sky than svewzph
obvm is a bee, dxmkutjxd is a fish, so dxmkutjxd is not more likely to be in the sky than obvm
tcyarzremkk is a fish, jciyfnvgrkeh is a eagle, so tcyarzremkk is more likely to be on the market than jciyfnvgrkeh
esqjgxj is a fish, pgivelk is a eagle, so esqjgxj is more likely to be on the market than pgivelk
asbasknqo is a fish, ejkvcn is a eagle, so asbasknqo is more likely to be on the market than ejkvcn
dyq is a fish, gdbazeaq is a eagle, so dyq is more likely to be on the market than gdbazeaq
chfnj is a fish, ozzlrsh is a eagle, so chfnj is more likely to be on the market than ozzlrsh
ztshqfpmz is a fish, pjqk is a eagle, so pjqk is less likely to be on the market than ztshqfpmz
ufsezeyzonp is a fish, ndoyrrnh is a eagle, so ndoyrrnh is less likely to be on the market than ufsezeyzonp
kizdvfzddp is a fish, jxmjy is a eagle, so jxmjy is less likely to be on the market than kizdvfzddp
fcmidri is a fish, kpm is a eagle, so kpm is less likely to be on the market than fcmidri
knbcknppnzz is a fish, msndwzu is a eagle, so msndwzu is less likely to be on the market than knbcknppnzz
dpysxfbnxug is a fish, ueaeyaauotqu is a eagle, so dpysxfbnxug is not more likely to be on the market than ueaeyaauotqu
swr is a fish, pqmpupocpd is a eagle, so swr is not more likely to be on the market than pqmpupocpd
cvokpw is a fish, udx is a eagle, so cvokpw is not more likely to be on the market than udx
nkomqqco is a fish, titav is a eagle, so nkomqqco is not more likely to be on the market than titav
cmluuzfrk is a fish, lttartikpzgy is a eagle, so cmluuzfrk is not more likely to be on the market than lttartikpzgy
piii is a fish, vpqezexl is a eagle, so vpqezexl is not more likely to be on the market than piii
zlrx is a fish, haqoq is a eagle, so haqoq is not more likely to be on the market than zlrx
brgjo is a fish, cylmbonrokw is a eagle, so cylmbonrokw is not more likely to be on the market than brgjo
qnxkujta is a fish, yzciml is a eagle, so yzciml is not more likely to be on the market than qnxkujta
smjswp is a fish, lnjh is a eagle, so lnjh is not more likely to be on the market than smjswp
trleen is a fish, wbcwpysv is a eagle, so trleen is more likely to be in a stream than wbcwpysv
mwdlyulso is a fish, inj is a eagle, so mwdlyulso is more likely to be in a stream than inj
swkf is a fish, ywgtknpns is a eagle, so swkf is more likely to be in a stream than ywgtknpns
wdwndhsv is a fish, fhvgvsw is a eagle, so wdwndhsv is more likely to be in a stream than fhvgvsw
bmxi is a fish, lfecxolptcn is a eagle, so bmxi is more likely to be in a stream than lfecxolptcn
jhans is a fish, ydj is a eagle, so ydj is less likely to be in a stream than jhans
fxufvp is a fish, dwrmlgmh is a eagle, so dwrmlgmh is less likely to be in a stream than fxufvp
nfpouqqlqdo is a fish, vpjqrq is a eagle, so vpjqrq is less likely to be in a stream than nfpouqqlqdo
esuxhdb is a fish, eytynsmxkvu is a eagle, so eytynsmxkvu is less likely to be in a stream than esuxhdb
okacvdnexi is a fish, fbzfr is a eagle, so fbzfr is less likely to be in a stream than okacvdnexi
xbuullrc is a fish, satochyrxgv is a eagle, so xbuullrc is not less likely to be in a stream than satochyrxgv
pywkhe is a fish, rkgsmej is a eagle, so pywkhe is not less likely to be in a stream than rkgsmej
amnnjqpjfz is a fish, cda is a eagle, so amnnjqpjfz is not less likely to be in a stream than cda
rbnuxyeqdmk is a fish, twuhwp is a eagle, so rbnuxyeqdmk is not less likely to be in a stream than twuhwp
jcctgfwcuy is a fish, vmemaflgpv is a eagle, so jcctgfwcuy is not less likely to be in a stream than vmemaflgpv
nesdwjtfr is a fish, qwmq is a eagle, so qwmq is not more likely to be in a stream than nesdwjtfr
cnsvwjpcnww is a fish, gdijs is a eagle, so gdijs is not more likely to be in a stream than cnsvwjpcnww
kxjeopzk is a fish, sfptsllovqvj is a eagle, so sfptsllovqvj is not more likely to be in a stream than kxjeopzk
ntrri is a fish, tevyxiwoyn is a eagle, so tevyxiwoyn is not more likely to be in a stream than ntrri
tazbsh is a fish, cgzoucm is a eagle, so cgzoucm is not more likely to be in a stream than tazbsh
dmucppdnk is a frog, rqpo is a duck, so dmucppdnk is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than rqpo
zwnu is a frog, xflhvjuqzrmv is a duck, so zwnu is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than xflhvjuqzrmv
loo is a frog, hgagetfdwhdt is a duck, so loo is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than hgagetfdwhdt
njbkunoygehu is a frog, woxivqhgh is a duck, so njbkunoygehu is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than woxivqhgh
xwsc is a frog, aslen is a duck, so xwsc is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than aslen
lhzyy is a frog, lmrqtefz is a duck, so lmrqtefz is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than lhzyy
lezuragnmi is a frog, zqmhox is a duck, so zqmhox is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than lezuragnmi
oehfg is a frog, vscljjpjn is a duck, so vscljjpjn is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than oehfg
ktpef is a frog, trvycnvcopfy is a duck, so trvycnvcopfy is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than ktpef
zuofbgobryw is a frog, zlis is a duck, so zlis is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than zuofbgobryw
uuccqs is a frog, uwhkbk is a duck, so uuccqs is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than uwhkbk
nfwcgaidcjts is a frog, ccxhmf is a duck, so nfwcgaidcjts is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than ccxhmf
xcevbkpkrs is a frog, kqfnvlrlzaw is a duck, so xcevbkpkrs is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than kqfnvlrlzaw
yjmuez is a frog, dpc is a duck, so yjmuez is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than dpc
fbq is a frog, joytwpltuvy is a duck, so fbq is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than joytwpltuvy
iahsca is a frog, xqoianwb is a duck, so xqoianwb is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than iahsca
ibvrbh is a frog, swfr is a duck, so swfr is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than ibvrbh
ruz is a frog, byvksyh is a duck, so byvksyh is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than ruz
cedikyjie is a frog, oajzknuvb is a duck, so oajzknuvb is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than cedikyjie
evtwu is a frog, excuif is a duck, so excuif is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than evtwu
xttkitvxmne is a shark, qhyhjdwonv is a alligator, so xttkitvxmne is more likely to be in the movie "jaws than qhyhjdwonv
fguehzbi is a shark, fjxpeocp is a alligator, so fguehzbi is more likely to be in the movie "jaws than fjxpeocp
paugsrbblsor is a shark, jeecln is a alligator, so paugsrbblsor is more likely to be in the movie "jaws than jeecln
gaoxohxvotr is a shark, qhi is a alligator, so gaoxohxvotr is more likely to be in the movie "jaws than qhi
dbgfoqowtg is a shark, hrzcpxk is a alligator, so dbgfoqowtg is more likely to be in the movie "jaws than hrzcpxk
odfyq is a shark, bsgsr is a alligator, so bsgsr is less likely to be in the movie "jaws" than odfyq
cckmnhkul is a shark, gvzrhxfusn is a alligator, so gvzrhxfusn is less likely to be in the movie "jaws" than cckmnhkul
xarwxyrtur is a shark, lrkpiwzffgqd is a alligator, so lrkpiwzffgqd is less likely to be in the movie "jaws" than xarwxyrtur
lonf is a shark, lqfuragt is a alligator, so lqfuragt is less likely to be in the movie "jaws" than lonf
tlwvl is a shark, xkomknki is a alligator, so xkomknki is less likely to be in the movie "jaws" than tlwvl
nvral is a shark, monjzwp is a alligator, so nvral is not less likely to be in the movie "jaws than monjzwp
yqwnsft is a shark, hzlfi is a alligator, so yqwnsft is not less likely to be in the movie "jaws than hzlfi
vkwfnys is a shark, uvyn is a alligator, so vkwfnys is not less likely to be in the movie "jaws than uvyn
bnyviv is a shark, irnl is a alligator, so bnyviv is not less likely to be in the movie "jaws than irnl
muzjkvxotowi is a shark, ipboshrv is a alligator, so muzjkvxotowi is not less likely to be in the movie "jaws than ipboshrv
rsxeekvgrw is a shark, pyyneo is a alligator, so pyyneo is not more likely to be in the movie "jaws than rsxeekvgrw
lqgq is a shark, dyifaidd is a alligator, so dyifaidd is not more likely to be in the movie "jaws than lqgq
arugmzzsmyfo is a shark, fxxpvmaoa is a alligator, so fxxpvmaoa is not more likely to be in the movie "jaws than arugmzzsmyfo
hodeeq is a shark, omnq is a alligator, so omnq is not more likely to be in the movie "jaws than hodeeq
qmojnup is a shark, jzoomtrzk is a alligator, so jzoomtrzk is not more likely to be in the movie "jaws than qmojnup
llqgfeoso is a bird, aaycjokc is a deer, so llqgfeoso is less likely to be in the forest than aaycjokc
bolswbg is a bird, sfr is a deer, so bolswbg is less likely to be in the forest than sfr
oeqyan is a bird, odxwdhlmgbu is a deer, so oeqyan is less likely to be in the forest than odxwdhlmgbu
kmbcbf is a bird, bklcv is a deer, so kmbcbf is less likely to be in the forest than bklcv
abuw is a bird, dmrs is a deer, so abuw is less likely to be in the forest than dmrs
cothdt is a bird, lvvagturzvfk is a deer, so lvvagturzvfk is more likely to be in the forest than cothdt
qrjyx is a bird, stkibtt is a deer, so stkibtt is more likely to be in the forest than qrjyx
yjrkdqc is a bird, bitivp is a deer, so bitivp is more likely to be in the forest than yjrkdqc
xzfov is a bird, wgshlro is a deer, so wgshlro is more likely to be in the forest than xzfov
kjqykdrhkmoi is a bird, shxs is a deer, so shxs is more likely to be in the forest than kjqykdrhkmoi
eplnfdht is a bird, zfbjamrgwund is a deer, so eplnfdht is not less likely to be in the forest than zfbjamrgwund
gew is a bird, nzep is a deer, so gew is not less likely to be in the forest than nzep
fodosblrnux is a bird, vkdizk is a deer, so fodosblrnux is not less likely to be in the forest than vkdizk
bsftxpayihu is a bird, psrogwhaitj is a deer, so bsftxpayihu is not less likely to be in the forest than psrogwhaitj
qrlkzbyhzim is a bird, tgw is a deer, so qrlkzbyhzim is not less likely to be in the forest than tgw
akmqovjpy is a bird, ums is a deer, so ums is not more likely to be in the forest than akmqovjpy
uhxthjwrf is a bird, sbgdf is a deer, so sbgdf is not more likely to be in the forest than uhxthjwrf
qolduavqeq is a bird, pwbpygf is a deer, so pwbpygf is not more likely to be in the forest than qolduavqeq
jdhimw is a bird, oqpxi is a deer, so oqpxi is not more likely to be in the forest than jdhimw
cdrmclpbcc is a bird, laczguyvcs is a deer, so laczguyvcs is not more likely to be in the forest than cdrmclpbcc
pthgihk is a seal, zpvjr is a chicken, so pthgihk is less likely to be in a zoo than zpvjr
qcfbtq is a seal, ouyqueznbhgk is a chicken, so qcfbtq is less likely to be in a zoo than ouyqueznbhgk
mogicwcwrmq is a seal, imqcrk is a chicken, so mogicwcwrmq is less likely to be in a zoo than imqcrk
xvcvedqaoan is a seal, irnqzw is a chicken, so xvcvedqaoan is less likely to be in a zoo than irnqzw
fsa is a seal, vvymxv is a chicken, so fsa is less likely to be in a zoo than vvymxv
jgfutflqip is a seal, jtzyenznr is a chicken, so jtzyenznr is less likely to be in a zoo than jgfutflqip
fhqdrrfzc is a seal, beutsbsbooi is a chicken, so beutsbsbooi is less likely to be in a zoo than fhqdrrfzc
dbwjey is a seal, awec is a chicken, so awec is less likely to be in a zoo than dbwjey
mfjllqsxksr is a seal, jqibcpmhym is a chicken, so jqibcpmhym is less likely to be in a zoo than mfjllqsxksr
igerg is a seal, xwhmjtnbc is a chicken, so xwhmjtnbc is less likely to be in a zoo than igerg
hzcguql is a seal, hwxtezdtgjq is a chicken, so hzcguql is not less likely to be in a zoo than hwxtezdtgjq
jatdsadb is a seal, udvedvumf is a chicken, so jatdsadb is not less likely to be in a zoo than udvedvumf
aampkabv is a seal, swcqqddocco is a chicken, so aampkabv is not less likely to be in a zoo than swcqqddocco
aohua is a seal, qdbxyhyen is a chicken, so aohua is not less likely to be in a zoo than qdbxyhyen
ameitoawht is a seal, rbrsjbj is a chicken, so ameitoawht is not less likely to be in a zoo than rbrsjbj
dgmiocod is a seal, tbokcdafbk is a chicken, so tbokcdafbk is not more likely to be in a zoo than dgmiocod
ilpfbhh is a seal, cbhwxbajhve is a chicken, so cbhwxbajhve is not more likely to be in a zoo than ilpfbhh
rybh is a seal, ffdpjjgm is a chicken, so ffdpjjgm is not more likely to be in a zoo than rybh
jaelad is a seal, kbhtp is a chicken, so kbhtp is not more likely to be in a zoo than jaelad
wbo is a seal, pylf is a chicken, so pylf is not more likely to be in a zoo than wbo
wtaa is a bird, cztir is a deer, so wtaa is more likely to be in a birdbath than cztir
saqgg is a bird, jcbmicoe is a deer, so saqgg is more likely to be in a birdbath than jcbmicoe
zcrckiuerfy is a bird, boqcttawgti is a deer, so zcrckiuerfy is more likely to be in a birdbath than boqcttawgti
ikwlmdaw is a bird, klhzkfatsx is a deer, so ikwlmdaw is more likely to be in a birdbath than klhzkfatsx
ajbfimvmddy is a bird, hspalbiphmnt is a deer, so ajbfimvmddy is more likely to be in a birdbath than hspalbiphmnt
dggikoq is a bird, rxjtsr is a deer, so rxjtsr is less likely to be in a birdbath than dggikoq
brllhan is a bird, enipflwcf is a deer, so enipflwcf is less likely to be in a birdbath than brllhan
xogpketkg is a bird, qkzkolkxkibm is a deer, so qkzkolkxkibm is less likely to be in a birdbath than xogpketkg
fymxsr is a bird, wwqvx is a deer, so wwqvx is less likely to be in a birdbath than fymxsr
doz is a bird, nncfurmu is a deer, so nncfurmu is less likely to be in a birdbath than doz
klmmfkuwayxk is a bird, lsjrxscorqb is a deer, so klmmfkuwayxk is not less likely to be in a birdbath than lsjrxscorqb
eqwligzu is a bird, ouebjkn is a deer, so eqwligzu is not less likely to be in a birdbath than ouebjkn
jlxehsuyewlr is a bird, cgqc is a deer, so jlxehsuyewlr is not less likely to be in a birdbath than cgqc
qdum is a bird, jsajzm is a deer, so qdum is not less likely to be in a birdbath than jsajzm
fcuyutnwcjbc is a bird, zgghqlip is a deer, so fcuyutnwcjbc is not less likely to be in a birdbath than zgghqlip
kidmmsbshls is a bird, ike is a deer, so ike is not more likely to be in a birdbath than kidmmsbshls
ryluxbxnxovm is a bird, kpn is a deer, so kpn is not more likely to be in a birdbath than ryluxbxnxovm
rkibhjxhcmcg is a bird, jag is a deer, so jag is not more likely to be in a birdbath than rkibhjxhcmcg
pdlm is a bird, ekrxrjk is a deer, so ekrxrjk is not more likely to be in a birdbath than pdlm
qrihtxt is a bird, zlnkte is a deer, so zlnkte is not more likely to be in a birdbath than qrihtxt
gcg is a spider, nbxpy is a camel, so gcg is more likely to be in the cellar than nbxpy
jst is a spider, qknw is a camel, so jst is more likely to be in the cellar than qknw
kiaeexiqtbd is a spider, zvzbee is a camel, so kiaeexiqtbd is more likely to be in the cellar than zvzbee
pul is a spider, mtty is a camel, so pul is more likely to be in the cellar than mtty
nlslepvr is a spider, lij is a camel, so nlslepvr is more likely to be in the cellar than lij
onqkeolqhy is a spider, inccdsasn is a camel, so inccdsasn is less likely to be in the cellar than onqkeolqhy
wzcapszkwqm is a spider, bwcsiyhk is a camel, so bwcsiyhk is less likely to be in the cellar than wzcapszkwqm
dxef is a spider, zbhsspn is a camel, so zbhsspn is less likely to be in the cellar than dxef
unijazdxafv is a spider, bbrqtl is a camel, so bbrqtl is less likely to be in the cellar than unijazdxafv
ajwowpzvhgyf is a spider, pkdnlrhhupft is a camel, so pkdnlrhhupft is less likely to be in the cellar than ajwowpzvhgyf
cxigahzezkra is a spider, kzpn is a camel, so cxigahzezkra is not less likely to be in the cellar than kzpn
chfwxjiv is a spider, mlmveshqfdg is a camel, so chfwxjiv is not less likely to be in the cellar than mlmveshqfdg
mjvpwlpgnjal is a spider, nnvrobdubku is a camel, so mjvpwlpgnjal is not less likely to be in the cellar than nnvrobdubku
xsxsgsc is a spider, uyz is a camel, so xsxsgsc is not less likely to be in the cellar than uyz
ssbznuw is a spider, fzurqdg is a camel, so ssbznuw is not less likely to be in the cellar than fzurqdg
mkdapwf is a spider, nxuudelgbv is a camel, so nxuudelgbv is not more likely to be in the cellar than mkdapwf
ekkxgwyphp is a spider, aysq is a camel, so aysq is not more likely to be in the cellar than ekkxgwyphp
eebnrubh is a spider, qlqncwsnkvew is a camel, so qlqncwsnkvew is not more likely to be in the cellar than eebnrubh
toraloajelnx is a spider, xkhc is a camel, so xkhc is not more likely to be in the cellar than toraloajelnx
uvh is a spider, rrxywap is a camel, so rrxywap is not more likely to be in the cellar than uvh
wbgglfxeb is a chicken, zvhbzo is a shark, so wbgglfxeb is more likely to be in the freezer than zvhbzo
afcnvjc is a chicken, meqtxly is a shark, so afcnvjc is more likely to be in the freezer than meqtxly
kvygpgosymmr is a chicken, cjeekjxqtb is a shark, so kvygpgosymmr is more likely to be in the freezer than cjeekjxqtb
uykfavan is a chicken, xydwzkqaw is a shark, so uykfavan is more likely to be in the freezer than xydwzkqaw
wzzlkfuxqk is a chicken, empwzucdg is a shark, so wzzlkfuxqk is more likely to be in the freezer than empwzucdg
gdoyluuebhqy is a chicken, enswimw is a shark, so enswimw is less likely to be in the freezer than gdoyluuebhqy
qcpvgnfoi is a chicken, ugrm is a shark, so ugrm is less likely to be in the freezer than qcpvgnfoi
epn is a chicken, lwotzk is a shark, so lwotzk is less likely to be in the freezer than epn
cogsjs is a chicken, wfatfgifhvms is a shark, so wfatfgifhvms is less likely to be in the freezer than cogsjs
fowierzt is a chicken, zxpzuq is a shark, so zxpzuq is less likely to be in the freezer than fowierzt
mjitzfpcperv is a chicken, tmxq is a shark, so mjitzfpcperv is not less likely to be in the freezer than tmxq
zuomnaht is a chicken, edjv is a shark, so zuomnaht is not less likely to be in the freezer than edjv
yfxwmqugyn is a chicken, gssk is a shark, so yfxwmqugyn is not less likely to be in the freezer than gssk
jzbdeeaewdf is a chicken, tkrurtl is a shark, so jzbdeeaewdf is not less likely to be in the freezer than tkrurtl
fmclsvpqzqi is a chicken, ecayp is a shark, so fmclsvpqzqi is not less likely to be in the freezer than ecayp
furok is a chicken, yjahlxikkf is a shark, so yjahlxikkf is not more likely to be in the freezer than furok
cxpjva is a chicken, jfzjrxbma is a shark, so jfzjrxbma is not more likely to be in the freezer than cxpjva
kahh is a chicken, lwpltfvbjcpv is a shark, so lwpltfvbjcpv is not more likely to be in the freezer than kahh
wij is a chicken, qdnnhjmdra is a shark, so qdnnhjmdra is not more likely to be in the freezer than wij
fvcnhbpso is a chicken, wxokmoihh is a shark, so wxokmoihh is not more likely to be in the freezer than fvcnhbpso
ojvubrsgrsow is a lion, jqaxss is a shark, so ojvubrsgrsow is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than jqaxss
mcrvf is a lion, rzeeytjim is a shark, so mcrvf is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than rzeeytjim
ookr is a lion, fgeainfkta is a shark, so ookr is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than fgeainfkta
pmkra is a lion, ajsvnkrdc is a shark, so pmkra is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than ajsvnkrdc
amcandt is a lion, ietcb is a shark, so amcandt is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than ietcb
snfr is a lion, gkjtrp is a shark, so gkjtrp is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than snfr
cfm is a lion, ezbcfdbv is a shark, so ezbcfdbv is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than cfm
ssoe is a lion, eqdwvapaao is a shark, so eqdwvapaao is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than ssoe
fizpbxun is a lion, whmnijinry is a shark, so whmnijinry is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than fizpbxun
arpi is a lion, rtsrhaiqh is a shark, so rtsrhaiqh is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than arpi
qtqdynxil is a lion, nzxx is a shark, so qtqdynxil is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than nzxx
yutfppemdvjx is a lion, towied is a shark, so yutfppemdvjx is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than towied
sdpaxqsk is a lion, kyyyb is a shark, so sdpaxqsk is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than kyyyb
dsh is a lion, kyobtwjoaa is a shark, so dsh is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than kyobtwjoaa
okwdczafxutm is a lion, anpfuxifciw is a shark, so okwdczafxutm is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than anpfuxifciw
zcklsaarko is a lion, jbejshv is a shark, so jbejshv is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than zcklsaarko
zlcoxuqbq is a lion, zgbhr is a shark, so zgbhr is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than zlcoxuqbq
nxxyeh is a lion, huldnkivx is a shark, so huldnkivx is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than nxxyeh
acvrrq is a lion, psrkkwbli is a shark, so psrkkwbli is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than acvrrq
yvkhgyd is a lion, krtcpelddeyq is a shark, so krtcpelddeyq is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than yvkhgyd
kkj is a seal, dpfqae is a eagle, so kkj is less likely to be on a rock than dpfqae
jsxfqum is a seal, nydi is a eagle, so jsxfqum is less likely to be on a rock than nydi
brrbu is a seal, vgyri is a eagle, so brrbu is less likely to be on a rock than vgyri
qgtwjq is a seal, xtcx is a eagle, so qgtwjq is less likely to be on a rock than xtcx
hkqjnyoxz is a seal, gneadkpv is a eagle, so hkqjnyoxz is less likely to be on a rock than gneadkpv
nez is a seal, beheul is a eagle, so beheul is more likely to position itsself on a rock than nez
qrhqapujz is a seal, uylonsyrr is a eagle, so uylonsyrr is more likely to position itsself on a rock than qrhqapujz
yuoe is a seal, nkmb is a eagle, so nkmb is more likely to position itsself on a rock than yuoe
scds is a seal, qmiwn is a eagle, so qmiwn is more likely to position itsself on a rock than scds
eele is a seal, nxbbpyt is a eagle, so nxbbpyt is more likely to position itsself on a rock than eele
xdjtjcplsn is a seal, kpbuzgzk is a eagle, so xdjtjcplsn is not less likely to position itsself on a rock than kpbuzgzk
xfw is a seal, glmjpqm is a eagle, so xfw is not less likely to position itsself on a rock than glmjpqm
hmujvjxzeppk is a seal, zqhfbqp is a eagle, so hmujvjxzeppk is not less likely to position itsself on a rock than zqhfbqp
cqstfgsbmobo is a seal, csvm is a eagle, so cqstfgsbmobo is not less likely to position itsself on a rock than csvm
kse is a seal, oqtcctvhinm is a eagle, so kse is not less likely to position itsself on a rock than oqtcctvhinm
pfcyghi is a seal, umbzyexgulky is a eagle, so umbzyexgulky is not more likely to position itsself on a rock than pfcyghi
yen is a seal, qmsiizsgc is a eagle, so qmsiizsgc is not more likely to position itsself on a rock than yen
hnruuvxfhh is a seal, yaixjpzaisoo is a eagle, so yaixjpzaisoo is not more likely to position itsself on a rock than hnruuvxfhh
zuweyiwivtm is a seal, pjv is a eagle, so pjv is not more likely to position itsself on a rock than zuweyiwivtm
favfsos is a seal, mlfsbgcb is a eagle, so mlfsbgcb is not more likely to position itsself on a rock than favfsos
jbhgjdrewt is a bird, zsmwaevqdy is an ant, so jbhgjdrewt is more likely to chirp than zsmwaevqdy
idmzodi is a bird, ukupih is an ant, so idmzodi is more likely to chirp than ukupih
seesb is a bird, zujecw is an ant, so seesb is more likely to chirp than zujecw
aibpnslciyme is a bird, xfjdveyijdb is an ant, so aibpnslciyme is more likely to chirp than xfjdveyijdb
kzlkluwill is a bird, olgfzhblebfz is an ant, so kzlkluwill is more likely to chirp than olgfzhblebfz
vnaudhb is a bird, pbghhtdyl is an ant, so pbghhtdyl is less likely to chirp than vnaudhb
hstrzugwqu is a bird, msgxmxblsp is an ant, so msgxmxblsp is less likely to chirp than hstrzugwqu
ognyfaa is a bird, jmrjsmy is an ant, so jmrjsmy is less likely to chirp than ognyfaa
ntjqjjaqpb is a bird, rtcwfyec is an ant, so rtcwfyec is less likely to chirp than ntjqjjaqpb
qvo is a bird, inkzkqvscovf is an ant, so inkzkqvscovf is less likely to chirp than qvo
cwwxu is a bird, damhoofmzr is an ant, so cwwxu is not less likely to chirp than damhoofmzr
lcgnxyob is a bird, eurddvzkucrj is an ant, so lcgnxyob is not less likely to chirp than eurddvzkucrj
wczzativo is a bird, ataekuukwwf is an ant, so wczzativo is not less likely to chirp than ataekuukwwf
pwzcihxndhq is a bird, iwjzfwd is an ant, so pwzcihxndhq is not less likely to chirp than iwjzfwd
lzooje is a bird, uoauzv is an ant, so lzooje is not less likely to chirp than uoauzv
txuvw is a bird, fewqnjdjk is an ant, so fewqnjdjk is not more likely to chirp than txuvw
kynwf is a bird, fuv is an ant, so fuv is not more likely to chirp than kynwf
burolegqwc is a bird, whd is an ant, so whd is not more likely to chirp than burolegqwc
qrscuil is a bird, einvcsicdjix is an ant, so einvcsicdjix is not more likely to chirp than qrscuil
woxt is a bird, kbtui is an ant, so kbtui is not more likely to chirp than woxt
vneaqftfr is a eagle, kksnfruiigkx is a cat, so vneaqftfr is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than kksnfruiigkx
dgifkegghwkk is a eagle, cpo is a cat, so dgifkegghwkk is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than cpo
xkfzwdujqdow is a eagle, zryjy is a cat, so xkfzwdujqdow is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than zryjy
lixzddr is a eagle, kndgqr is a cat, so lixzddr is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than kndgqr
vpsfzynkiv is a eagle, vyvybkyc is a cat, so vpsfzynkiv is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than vyvybkyc
dmmvvxspmm is a eagle, vygr is a cat, so vygr is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than dmmvvxspmm
vrnuwh is a eagle, xnh is a cat, so xnh is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than vrnuwh
ljttfjaxpqs is a eagle, mpjouml is a cat, so mpjouml is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than ljttfjaxpqs
fpdc is a eagle, rhlzwak is a cat, so rhlzwak is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than fpdc
rksjwrej is a eagle, xmtimpgj is a cat, so xmtimpgj is more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than rksjwrej
mcxkcgxmo is a eagle, lerz is a cat, so mcxkcgxmo is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than lerz
xlekdmljwrx is a eagle, kjmq is a cat, so xlekdmljwrx is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than kjmq
irwnxs is a eagle, zei is a cat, so irwnxs is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than zei
hkq is a eagle, dsofafenes is a cat, so hkq is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than dsofafenes
sljknug is a eagle, avdm is a cat, so sljknug is not less likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than avdm
wbkk is a eagle, owbmrwuhfox is a cat, so owbmrwuhfox is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than wbkk
ayy is a eagle, emnaivfmb is a cat, so emnaivfmb is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than ayy
jkdbeupmu is a eagle, aaxi is a cat, so aaxi is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than jkdbeupmu
ihexnug is a eagle, ppqjatjpshen is a cat, so ppqjatjpshen is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than ihexnug
abeagbduxofa is a eagle, eol is a cat, so eol is not more likely to spot a rabbit on the ground than abeagbduxofa
vqjflqeqwcxf is a elephant, akwyuq is a dolphin, so vqjflqeqwcxf is more likely to lift the tree than akwyuq
vfmuewe is a elephant, gfvpcws is a dolphin, so vfmuewe is more likely to lift the tree than gfvpcws
rpxwuqodfbw is a elephant, cyhcqlhm is a dolphin, so rpxwuqodfbw is more likely to lift the tree than cyhcqlhm
snfryabso is a elephant, okbzmamtjym is a dolphin, so snfryabso is more likely to lift the tree than okbzmamtjym
juo is a elephant, qxspfqvhab is a dolphin, so juo is more likely to lift the tree than qxspfqvhab
jxavkpefthnt is a elephant, meald is a dolphin, so meald is less likely to lift the tree than jxavkpefthnt
eepbfyrorieo is a elephant, vusbwk is a dolphin, so vusbwk is less likely to lift the tree than eepbfyrorieo
vcuxzxbzhbko is a elephant, idvjnilmxvj is a dolphin, so idvjnilmxvj is less likely to lift the tree than vcuxzxbzhbko
ffkpqyk is a elephant, lko is a dolphin, so lko is less likely to lift the tree than ffkpqyk
tnt is a elephant, igpsohyoduru is a dolphin, so igpsohyoduru is less likely to lift the tree than tnt
juqiaoxpcofc is a elephant, rkftjytjawif is a dolphin, so juqiaoxpcofc is not less likely to lift the tree than rkftjytjawif
royfiafa is a elephant, oggyzvov is a dolphin, so royfiafa is not less likely to lift the tree than oggyzvov
wgqvhryklpvr is a elephant, twdwxvavoka is a dolphin, so wgqvhryklpvr is not less likely to lift the tree than twdwxvavoka
jkl is a elephant, jmnbferqu is a dolphin, so jkl is not less likely to lift the tree than jmnbferqu
acscsm is a elephant, yvg is a dolphin, so acscsm is not less likely to lift the tree than yvg
weqippsakihi is a elephant, ape is a dolphin, so ape is not more likely to lift the tree than weqippsakihi
jkujnioajo is a elephant, pmubfli is a dolphin, so pmubfli is not more likely to lift the tree than jkujnioajo
ywiksledi is a elephant, qjtimu is a dolphin, so qjtimu is not more likely to lift the tree than ywiksledi
kxpjphzz is a elephant, apwahnkuwvip is a dolphin, so apwahnkuwvip is not more likely to lift the tree than kxpjphzz
ifz is a elephant, vfvjuybzuc is a dolphin, so vfvjuybzuc is not more likely to lift the tree than ifz
ddtgw is a bird, tvfcc is a snake, so ddtgw is more likely to be in the air than tvfcc
ajccl is a bird, nqv is a snake, so ajccl is more likely to be in the air than nqv
usccqwx is a bird, pwcafyaduvyh is a snake, so usccqwx is more likely to be in the air than pwcafyaduvyh
ojql is a bird, jgzhaeslcsbg is a snake, so ojql is more likely to be in the air than jgzhaeslcsbg
gxyf is a bird, lwxi is a snake, so gxyf is more likely to be in the air than lwxi
hhgyh is a bird, bmxfp is a snake, so bmxfp is less likely to be in the air than hhgyh
kltyvynb is a bird, cwalfaatov is a snake, so cwalfaatov is less likely to be in the air than kltyvynb
jicwq is a bird, gewihocms is a snake, so gewihocms is less likely to be in the air than jicwq
vuzyni is a bird, pwaqtfe is a snake, so pwaqtfe is less likely to be in the air than vuzyni
qigdybwzi is a bird, ceuxsuev is a snake, so ceuxsuev is less likely to be in the air than qigdybwzi
zstuzhruo is a bird, qfofmfqn is a snake, so zstuzhruo is not less likely to be in the air than qfofmfqn
dnp is a bird, pndc is a snake, so dnp is not less likely to be in the air than pndc
haijfdyuwgiu is a bird, iooi is a snake, so haijfdyuwgiu is not less likely to be in the air than iooi
eplnoixg is a bird, kfca is a snake, so eplnoixg is not less likely to be in the air than kfca
qozzr is a bird, pyf is a snake, so qozzr is not less likely to be in the air than pyf
xkgvg is a bird, bcrxyrfa is a snake, so bcrxyrfa is not more likely to be in the air than xkgvg
rugjzj is a bird, jqurcae is a snake, so jqurcae is not more likely to be in the air than rugjzj
kbeich is a bird, jhzbllz is a snake, so jhzbllz is not more likely to be in the air than kbeich
wtogr is a bird, coi is a snake, so coi is not more likely to be in the air than wtogr
rydypbhiq is a bird, xqd is a snake, so xqd is not more likely to be in the air than rydypbhiq
vibugziuxg is a tiger, wtbzosktqi is a fish, so vibugziuxg is more likely to be in the jungle than wtbzosktqi
kardm is a tiger, vdsknbm is a fish, so kardm is more likely to be in the jungle than vdsknbm
jtitfbrjiz is a tiger, gbg is a fish, so jtitfbrjiz is more likely to be in the jungle than gbg
adc is a tiger, zrvmjeklkzg is a fish, so adc is more likely to be in the jungle than zrvmjeklkzg
eweqlqng is a tiger, wdrdl is a fish, so eweqlqng is more likely to be in the jungle than wdrdl
ppdird is a tiger, vqzskbncwf is a fish, so vqzskbncwf is less likely to be in the jungle than ppdird
kyi is a tiger, schaay is a fish, so schaay is less likely to be in the jungle than kyi
mlfy is a tiger, vrpscjargc is a fish, so vrpscjargc is less likely to be in the jungle than mlfy
igjxqfdva is a tiger, ybdfercwgqqm is a fish, so ybdfercwgqqm is less likely to be in the jungle than igjxqfdva
kcar is a tiger, blshlwcxfcny is a fish, so blshlwcxfcny is less likely to be in the jungle than kcar
aibit is a tiger, hnpvnsokc is a fish, so aibit is not less likely to be in the jungle than hnpvnsokc
buffwzojkbm is a tiger, bqvhiimegy is a fish, so buffwzojkbm is not less likely to be in the jungle than bqvhiimegy
mtfwhots is a tiger, oopimnko is a fish, so mtfwhots is not less likely to be in the jungle than oopimnko
kdwj is a tiger, mgye is a fish, so kdwj is not less likely to be in the jungle than mgye
tbfgsnxh is a tiger, zqqdhazo is a fish, so tbfgsnxh is not less likely to be in the jungle than zqqdhazo
ijvu is a tiger, sffzukl is a fish, so sffzukl is not more likely to be in the jungle than ijvu
netykilh is a tiger, gxpqusozyhu is a fish, so gxpqusozyhu is not more likely to be in the jungle than netykilh
vnix is a tiger, wvzawq is a fish, so wvzawq is not more likely to be in the jungle than vnix
uuknlv is a tiger, ltoaj is a fish, so ltoaj is not more likely to be in the jungle than uuknlv
pbprjgutszy is a tiger, uqvpmp is a fish, so uqvpmp is not more likely to be in the jungle than pbprjgutszy
ntbdfugcjs is a shark, bxtljhahvn is a lobster, so ntbdfugcjs is more likely to be in a pool hall than bxtljhahvn
flwg is a shark, gawucy is a lobster, so flwg is more likely to be in a pool hall than gawucy
ajkpiyxl is a shark, mcjqtpy is a lobster, so ajkpiyxl is more likely to be in a pool hall than mcjqtpy
mtwhvfyvhgf is a shark, bdap is a lobster, so mtwhvfyvhgf is more likely to be in a pool hall than bdap
vvjvwvl is a shark, cucsjvhc is a lobster, so vvjvwvl is more likely to be in a pool hall than cucsjvhc
pyfflikd is a shark, paaidqidae is a lobster, so paaidqidae is less likely to be in a pool hall than pyfflikd
udo is a shark, rildtxgs is a lobster, so rildtxgs is less likely to be in a pool hall than udo
bccmoif is a shark, cmyhh is a lobster, so cmyhh is less likely to be in a pool hall than bccmoif
vlgb is a shark, yfhli is a lobster, so yfhli is less likely to be in a pool hall than vlgb
raszipx is a shark, timtiiy is a lobster, so timtiiy is less likely to be in a pool hall than raszipx
lcdnyo is a shark, sgyv is a lobster, so lcdnyo is not less likely to be in a pool hall than sgyv
dsn is a shark, pcnshkuspm is a lobster, so dsn is not less likely to be in a pool hall than pcnshkuspm
cdcjdes is a shark, rjukjni is a lobster, so cdcjdes is not less likely to be in a pool hall than rjukjni
axfbwbhegzjf is a shark, sinbpuagdld is a lobster, so axfbwbhegzjf is not less likely to be in a pool hall than sinbpuagdld
vfphpvvzf is a shark, lfa is a lobster, so vfphpvvzf is not less likely to be in a pool hall than lfa
unan is a shark, rhlfvrkz is a lobster, so rhlfvrkz is not more likely to be in a pool hall than unan
cdru is a shark, kxwldxx is a lobster, so kxwldxx is not more likely to be in a pool hall than cdru
wca is a shark, zhskdfdzony is a lobster, so zhskdfdzony is not more likely to be in a pool hall than wca
olxizmr is a shark, gorngzobh is a lobster, so gorngzobh is not more likely to be in a pool hall than olxizmr
ywask is a shark, vnggzkq is a lobster, so vnggzkq is not more likely to be in a pool hall than ywask
atnyqcb is a horse, vjmkbevo is a spider, so atnyqcb is more likely to jump a fence than vjmkbevo
erw is a horse, airbzzauto is a spider, so erw is more likely to jump a fence than airbzzauto
dvonvxsamd is a horse, qgquirmg is a spider, so dvonvxsamd is more likely to jump a fence than qgquirmg
hypwfgsijw is a horse, dtul is a spider, so hypwfgsijw is more likely to jump a fence than dtul
pqgtslo is a horse, ijwap is a spider, so pqgtslo is more likely to jump a fence than ijwap
gbgkbxjdytl is a horse, jhzhonmsrvg is a spider, so jhzhonmsrvg is less likely to jump a fence than gbgkbxjdytl
vffkjolhvym is a horse, vhwgrjnatz is a spider, so vhwgrjnatz is less likely to jump a fence than vffkjolhvym
clrdeowp is a horse, tdbzujievhk is a spider, so tdbzujievhk is less likely to jump a fence than clrdeowp
deaknxejso is a horse, kermvdx is a spider, so kermvdx is less likely to jump a fence than deaknxejso
uqkd is a horse, othfeeh is a spider, so othfeeh is less likely to jump a fence than uqkd
faodxypauta is a horse, nykma is a spider, so faodxypauta is not less likely to jump a fence than nykma
abfpfb is a horse, cfwtpnsfkpq is a spider, so abfpfb is not less likely to jump a fence than cfwtpnsfkpq
wfk is a horse, gxgk is a spider, so wfk is not less likely to jump a fence than gxgk
uxumvdfi is a horse, kjfadsrxlcm is a spider, so uxumvdfi is not less likely to jump a fence than kjfadsrxlcm
kckidiqdv is a horse, rgfnlhxvdjc is a spider, so kckidiqdv is not less likely to jump a fence than rgfnlhxvdjc
wllh is a horse, umvunpbz is a spider, so umvunpbz is not more likely to jump a fence than wllh
zkxvkogxib is a horse, xnhcqjivgzl is a spider, so xnhcqjivgzl is not more likely to jump a fence than zkxvkogxib
jbuxangxpvmu is a horse, pjqd is a spider, so pjqd is not more likely to jump a fence than jbuxangxpvmu
qagsaynk is a horse, ixv is a spider, so ixv is not more likely to jump a fence than qagsaynk
kckalzqjmup is a horse, nzu is a spider, so nzu is not more likely to jump a fence than kckalzqjmup
zloovz is a shark, ptzfz is a sheep, so zloovz is more likely to be in saltwater than ptzfz
qacoqauct is a shark, gpvyzcslld is a sheep, so qacoqauct is more likely to be in saltwater than gpvyzcslld
mqhmthsa is a shark, eewjueewvxli is a sheep, so mqhmthsa is more likely to be in saltwater than eewjueewvxli
qojxlktv is a shark, wljoiiiaao is a sheep, so qojxlktv is more likely to be in saltwater than wljoiiiaao
jdstfvclh is a shark, ldigfi is a sheep, so jdstfvclh is more likely to be in saltwater than ldigfi
cwxywzwc is a shark, xeh is a sheep, so xeh is less likely to be in saltwater than cwxywzwc
dcexybwlw is a shark, vwtplyueuccd is a sheep, so vwtplyueuccd is less likely to be in saltwater than dcexybwlw
tkvfw is a shark, bktnpwnyief is a sheep, so bktnpwnyief is less likely to be in saltwater than tkvfw
umawcfzdmatz is a shark, mrandi is a sheep, so mrandi is less likely to be in saltwater than umawcfzdmatz
ygdtmt is a shark, ykftc is a sheep, so ykftc is less likely to be in saltwater than ygdtmt
puetfsq is a shark, oxm is a sheep, so puetfsq is not less likely to be in saltwater than oxm
fkrpxiq is a shark, qbr is a sheep, so fkrpxiq is not less likely to be in saltwater than qbr
pqzonpn is a shark, xyzka is a sheep, so pqzonpn is not less likely to be in saltwater than xyzka
dob is a shark, thmzvzf is a sheep, so dob is not less likely to be in saltwater than thmzvzf
uctsd is a shark, ipymijklhyom is a sheep, so uctsd is not less likely to be in saltwater than ipymijklhyom
tnxt is a shark, pwnrrv is a sheep, so pwnrrv is not more likely to be in saltwater than tnxt
qeeeknytyhzi is a shark, qdjcpqzd is a sheep, so qdjcpqzd is not more likely to be in saltwater than qeeeknytyhzi
lityotdfnwbs is a shark, asbv is a sheep, so asbv is not more likely to be in saltwater than lityotdfnwbs
ubxvyiumydzn is a shark, eykyxokrpsd is a sheep, so eykyxokrpsd is not more likely to be in saltwater than ubxvyiumydzn
tofxqpbshrhu is a shark, gipr is a sheep, so gipr is not more likely to be in saltwater than tofxqpbshrhu
ptyxolkk is a spider, lqdfwgkmkvc is a hippopotamus, so ptyxolkk is more likely to kill a fly than lqdfwgkmkvc
voratqvvq is a spider, ipsmsam is a hippopotamus, so voratqvvq is more likely to kill a fly than ipsmsam
mbwnrs is a spider, yffmrejw is a hippopotamus, so mbwnrs is more likely to kill a fly than yffmrejw
dymbgkm is a spider, berhmqrm is a hippopotamus, so dymbgkm is more likely to kill a fly than berhmqrm
gpkzxkewxkei is a spider, szcpzomximft is a hippopotamus, so gpkzxkewxkei is more likely to kill a fly than szcpzomximft
tvt is a spider, przpzyrez is a hippopotamus, so przpzyrez is less likely to kill a fly than tvt
vrgmfvl is a spider, ndqmp is a hippopotamus, so ndqmp is less likely to kill a fly than vrgmfvl
cpxp is a spider, yhcdnqishj is a hippopotamus, so yhcdnqishj is less likely to kill a fly than cpxp
vnhr is a spider, ndzv is a hippopotamus, so ndzv is less likely to kill a fly than vnhr
zokinph is a spider, llwcglwt is a hippopotamus, so llwcglwt is less likely to kill a fly than zokinph
jeqcpnbksl is a spider, tqujzjbmykp is a hippopotamus, so jeqcpnbksl is not less likely to kill a fly than tqujzjbmykp
dpp is a spider, ttprigvbvh is a hippopotamus, so dpp is not less likely to kill a fly than ttprigvbvh
ookz is a spider, qltatsrtifsq is a hippopotamus, so ookz is not less likely to kill a fly than qltatsrtifsq
lhjvmbxobr is a spider, xibjgkvevg is a hippopotamus, so lhjvmbxobr is not less likely to kill a fly than xibjgkvevg
wtjbog is a spider, snwouldqlbty is a hippopotamus, so wtjbog is not less likely to kill a fly than snwouldqlbty
whbtxksfaro is a spider, dindjt is a hippopotamus, so dindjt is not more likely to kill a fly than whbtxksfaro
bbqphqos is a spider, skzknkmp is a hippopotamus, so skzknkmp is not more likely to kill a fly than bbqphqos
mllczzcv is a spider, armvorfva is a hippopotamus, so armvorfva is not more likely to kill a fly than mllczzcv
ydztxt is a spider, luqvgboya is a hippopotamus, so luqvgboya is not more likely to kill a fly than ydztxt
zidxtuiwby is a spider, yqpfcykoitt is a hippopotamus, so yqpfcykoitt is not more likely to kill a fly than zidxtuiwby
dongpmrk is a frog, igfyccfgpa is a crocodile, so dongpmrk is more likely to be a pet than igfyccfgpa
xdujm is a frog, zcnyurbuqgt is a crocodile, so xdujm is more likely to be a pet than zcnyurbuqgt
tpjqszfz is a frog, rwbylvqeky is a crocodile, so tpjqszfz is more likely to be a pet than rwbylvqeky
lcboymthk is a frog, sbol is a crocodile, so lcboymthk is more likely to be a pet than sbol
vttqmwf is a frog, ycvmhucxw is a crocodile, so vttqmwf is more likely to be a pet than ycvmhucxw
egsgww is a frog, bfhoayj is a crocodile, so bfhoayj is less likely to be a pet than egsgww
ukpbehufmga is a frog, hptgg is a crocodile, so hptgg is less likely to be a pet than ukpbehufmga
dfbhvflil is a frog, paqsqkbvxqgn is a crocodile, so paqsqkbvxqgn is less likely to be a pet than dfbhvflil
pidzwlfpxapw is a frog, wmd is a crocodile, so wmd is less likely to be a pet than pidzwlfpxapw
iveouers is a frog, mnrxak is a crocodile, so mnrxak is less likely to be a pet than iveouers
nhk is a frog, voic is a crocodile, so nhk is not less likely to be a pet than voic
tulhbnziuhsm is a frog, lbytprh is a crocodile, so tulhbnziuhsm is not less likely to be a pet than lbytprh
meyzb is a frog, kupfihxcp is a crocodile, so meyzb is not less likely to be a pet than kupfihxcp
fvzzfapgx is a frog, pvoilxcwb is a crocodile, so fvzzfapgx is not less likely to be a pet than pvoilxcwb
gtrji is a frog, cvkosszt is a crocodile, so gtrji is not less likely to be a pet than cvkosszt
uqidtivmjigq is a frog, cwbl is a crocodile, so cwbl is not more likely to be a pet than uqidtivmjigq
mbyzmpywaay is a frog, picdpqay is a crocodile, so picdpqay is not more likely to be a pet than mbyzmpywaay
creat is a frog, ktxyxq is a crocodile, so ktxyxq is not more likely to be a pet than creat
gspd is a frog, iaxvxbicz is a crocodile, so iaxvxbicz is not more likely to be a pet than gspd
nfzhswesm is a frog, odrnienhihco is a crocodile, so odrnienhihco is not more likely to be a pet than nfzhswesm
gmumivxm is a fish, dzdedg is a goat, so gmumivxm is more likely to be in a pond than dzdedg
ubugk is a fish, euzbivlogo is a goat, so ubugk is more likely to be in a pond than euzbivlogo
mkbbbzgo is a fish, dnhrxgevttj is a goat, so mkbbbzgo is more likely to be in a pond than dnhrxgevttj
foiymovcxkjq is a fish, lccbv is a goat, so foiymovcxkjq is more likely to be in a pond than lccbv
emq is a fish, tvs is a goat, so emq is more likely to be in a pond than tvs
cvxtuirnpmc is a fish, vpegq is a goat, so vpegq is less likely to be in a pond than cvxtuirnpmc
fnygbci is a fish, wppbf is a goat, so wppbf is less likely to be in a pond than fnygbci
rhsgpqkra is a fish, ykkqkhnxofse is a goat, so ykkqkhnxofse is less likely to be in a pond than rhsgpqkra
nsw is a fish, nejidvwzk is a goat, so nejidvwzk is less likely to be in a pond than nsw
kihibg is a fish, keyo is a goat, so keyo is less likely to be in a pond than kihibg
uavujkmjrram is a fish, uczz is a goat, so uavujkmjrram is not less likely to be in a pond than uczz
gdsaj is a fish, qisffjtrzqb is a goat, so gdsaj is not less likely to be in a pond than qisffjtrzqb
sroje is a fish, xojsgvi is a goat, so sroje is not less likely to be in a pond than xojsgvi
kggezsjbbcqu is a fish, fgn is a goat, so kggezsjbbcqu is not less likely to be in a pond than fgn
xlbblglxip is a fish, cemgdczvbfcz is a goat, so xlbblglxip is not less likely to be in a pond than cemgdczvbfcz
pocc is a fish, ocowmzkzl is a goat, so ocowmzkzl is not more likely to be in a pond than pocc
ibrz is a fish, kdmwfuebx is a goat, so kdmwfuebx is not more likely to be in a pond than ibrz
znr is a fish, xztwnxg is a goat, so xztwnxg is not more likely to be in a pond than znr
elwpnktvi is a fish, lsdycfknpv is a goat, so lsdycfknpv is not more likely to be in a pond than elwpnktvi
dtxcfggbtox is a fish, pwbqahwb is a goat, so pwbqahwb is not more likely to be in a pond than dtxcfggbtox
xbnabt is a bird, ahummrrruzxr is a hamster, so xbnabt is more likely to head south than ahummrrruzxr
ybxughtmm is a bird, hojelxq is a hamster, so ybxughtmm is more likely to head south than hojelxq
rwvkm is a bird, gzgke is a hamster, so rwvkm is more likely to head south than gzgke
dftqvawe is a bird, zkjzdp is a hamster, so dftqvawe is more likely to head south than zkjzdp
poxdzfyjhixy is a bird, qpa is a hamster, so poxdzfyjhixy is more likely to head south than qpa
xkxkxj is a bird, rxaontxikpp is a hamster, so rxaontxikpp is less likely to head south than xkxkxj
zzmtqj is a bird, vqpkxqldvvtw is a hamster, so vqpkxqldvvtw is less likely to head south than zzmtqj
iwnenbkullz is a bird, pbwgsl is a hamster, so pbwgsl is less likely to head south than iwnenbkullz
esajj is a bird, dbpyilqbvlg is a hamster, so dbpyilqbvlg is less likely to head south than esajj
obyqjla is a bird, ttnq is a hamster, so ttnq is less likely to head south than obyqjla
jyr is a bird, mcjbekdxh is a hamster, so jyr is not less likely to head south than mcjbekdxh
biqrov is a bird, pzedfgp is a hamster, so biqrov is not less likely to head south than pzedfgp
pgiwljgrsa is a bird, dvhmpspggyt is a hamster, so pgiwljgrsa is not less likely to head south than dvhmpspggyt
gqnodklwq is a bird, ohi is a hamster, so gqnodklwq is not less likely to head south than ohi
dxdknkmmvbz is a bird, mad is a hamster, so dxdknkmmvbz is not less likely to head south than mad
uzipquhnjwg is a bird, rkapjezklo is a hamster, so rkapjezklo is not less likely to head south than uzipquhnjwg
vynnylpkymml is a bird, ybx is a hamster, so ybx is not less likely to head south than vynnylpkymml
pymdv is a bird, posor is a hamster, so posor is not less likely to head south than pymdv
wbgetwo is a bird, imrvwbedn is a hamster, so imrvwbedn is not less likely to head south than wbgetwo
trc is a bird, iydnd is a hamster, so iydnd is not less likely to head south than trc
eaficvee is a horse, xuhzscaubga is a cheetah, so eaficvee is less likely to be in a stall than xuhzscaubga
zqomfeczet is a horse, vvrogkgfx is a cheetah, so zqomfeczet is less likely to be in a stall than vvrogkgfx
ymdof is a horse, xoaahgoehpl is a cheetah, so ymdof is less likely to be in a stall than xoaahgoehpl
dkwcpdbklu is a horse, hvhepxmjusl is a cheetah, so dkwcpdbklu is less likely to be in a stall than hvhepxmjusl
hlu is a horse, jbk is a cheetah, so hlu is less likely to be in a stall than jbk
etztscpjxci is a horse, jylvmmxqkt is a cheetah, so jylvmmxqkt is less likely to be in a stall than etztscpjxci
rwzum is a horse, xvoicwjj is a cheetah, so xvoicwjj is less likely to be in a stall than rwzum
tknuevejer is a horse, vbcr is a cheetah, so vbcr is less likely to be in a stall than tknuevejer
jtmnlx is a horse, xudstz is a cheetah, so xudstz is less likely to be in a stall than jtmnlx
ecd is a horse, ejxdrpgpp is a cheetah, so ejxdrpgpp is less likely to be in a stall than ecd
wtsoxznpf is a horse, buzh is a cheetah, so wtsoxznpf is not less likely to be in a stall than buzh
likjxjzopw is a horse, qqaubkbn is a cheetah, so likjxjzopw is not less likely to be in a stall than qqaubkbn
bqjc is a horse, xzlrqlmglbq is a cheetah, so bqjc is not less likely to be in a stall than xzlrqlmglbq
tpwlhpxw is a horse, xashi is a cheetah, so tpwlhpxw is not less likely to be in a stall than xashi
pgdlpf is a horse, gqjvrsyuite is a cheetah, so pgdlpf is not less likely to be in a stall than gqjvrsyuite
venyefij is a horse, ltfnsdu is a cheetah, so ltfnsdu is not more likely to be in a stall than venyefij
biq is a horse, jhnd is a cheetah, so jhnd is not more likely to be in a stall than biq
wuqafsxbtvz is a horse, nnzbsd is a cheetah, so nnzbsd is not more likely to be in a stall than wuqafsxbtvz
fab is a horse, ovb is a cheetah, so ovb is not more likely to be in a stall than fab
jjmzpmp is a horse, oswjayddemn is a cheetah, so oswjayddemn is not more likely to be in a stall than jjmzpmp
xnolid is a lobster, coqlcfjmz is a cat, so xnolid is more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than coqlcfjmz
sbdngizxs is a lobster, zblsawzdrvm is a cat, so sbdngizxs is more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than zblsawzdrvm
jnahdhgbyif is a lobster, rxlqswnmcn is a cat, so jnahdhgbyif is more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than rxlqswnmcn
nkbtbjkz is a lobster, koalsk is a cat, so nkbtbjkz is more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than koalsk
cvyl is a lobster, yboaumpjsv is a cat, so cvyl is more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than yboaumpjsv
cabc is a lobster, ttfgb is a cat, so ttfgb is less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than cabc
trftqk is a lobster, wierqr is a cat, so wierqr is less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than trftqk
dskyp is a lobster, ditrglbi is a cat, so ditrglbi is less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than dskyp
ezisndbryx is a lobster, bvsipmqcw is a cat, so bvsipmqcw is less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than ezisndbryx
xrbxik is a lobster, gnmzwhrlzq is a cat, so gnmzwhrlzq is less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than xrbxik
bmotasihna is a lobster, rdxoj is a cat, so bmotasihna is not less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than rdxoj
ubzbckk is a lobster, yzvsxwtiug is a cat, so ubzbckk is not less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than yzvsxwtiug
qhultk is a lobster, ddh is a cat, so qhultk is not less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than ddh
inpirjsz is a lobster, rpuxjprsrtv is a cat, so inpirjsz is not less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than rpuxjprsrtv
ytbw is a lobster, odqnsxemp is a cat, so ytbw is not less likely to be in a pot of boiling water than odqnsxemp
gybpftj is a lobster, demlqzjcwffh is a cat, so demlqzjcwffh is not more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than gybpftj
wcnexgult is a lobster, tmlspk is a cat, so tmlspk is not more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than wcnexgult
mvrp is a lobster, jua is a cat, so jua is not more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than mvrp
sxmxj is a lobster, eryucuxl is a cat, so eryucuxl is not more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than sxmxj
bmsshn is a lobster, ddmmmcan is a cat, so ddmmmcan is not more likely to be in a pot of boiling water than bmsshn
aocktdxigkh is a bear, kuftvj is a chimpanzee, so aocktdxigkh is more likely to eat a salmon than kuftvj
tekidj is a bear, fpyfb is a chimpanzee, so tekidj is more likely to eat a salmon than fpyfb
mxthl is a bear, zbfy is a chimpanzee, so mxthl is more likely to eat a salmon than zbfy
dhupvoc is a bear, wvudrqe is a chimpanzee, so dhupvoc is more likely to eat a salmon than wvudrqe
oay is a bear, botwwfudaesq is a chimpanzee, so oay is more likely to eat a salmon than botwwfudaesq
wnwekhiq is a bear, erpcijdum is a chimpanzee, so erpcijdum is less likely to eat a salmon than wnwekhiq
dvlqvjunjx is a bear, awhbxcii is a chimpanzee, so awhbxcii is less likely to eat a salmon than dvlqvjunjx
zhqun is a bear, kbcczgu is a chimpanzee, so kbcczgu is less likely to eat a salmon than zhqun
knzpuhspeomd is a bear, xondaud is a chimpanzee, so xondaud is less likely to eat a salmon than knzpuhspeomd
zmpyse is a bear, nssjbdakdqg is a chimpanzee, so nssjbdakdqg is less likely to eat a salmon than zmpyse
pgh is a bear, wqfntlkzazte is a chimpanzee, so pgh is not less likely to eat a salmon than wqfntlkzazte
pvpy is a bear, mgsxwp is a chimpanzee, so pvpy is not less likely to eat a salmon than mgsxwp
dfeilrizrchr is a bear, sjbva is a chimpanzee, so dfeilrizrchr is not less likely to eat a salmon than sjbva
mgqgfixbun is a bear, cfnghci is a chimpanzee, so mgqgfixbun is not less likely to eat a salmon than cfnghci
aso is a bear, vobqzb is a chimpanzee, so aso is not less likely to eat a salmon than vobqzb
kfrfxy is a bear, pgduis is a chimpanzee, so pgduis is not more likely to eat a salmon than kfrfxy
pcljyi is a bear, kuzzxdgkz is a chimpanzee, so kuzzxdgkz is not more likely to eat a salmon than pcljyi
hsqqnzimux is a bear, srisylhq is a chimpanzee, so srisylhq is not more likely to eat a salmon than hsqqnzimux
fksdwmx is a bear, eftixomaif is a chimpanzee, so eftixomaif is not more likely to eat a salmon than fksdwmx
ayjw is a bear, vbirkepyflbq is a chimpanzee, so vbirkepyflbq is not more likely to eat a salmon than ayjw
xlkjixxpxtru is a lion, rmythp is a deer, so xlkjixxpxtru is less likely to father some cubs than rmythp
rqgpmwgo is a lion, takphhlagxzb is a deer, so rqgpmwgo is less likely to father some cubs than takphhlagxzb
ztvxazxdeo is a lion, urrlrcuguo is a deer, so ztvxazxdeo is less likely to father some cubs than urrlrcuguo
nvzhhzc is a lion, eeeotzkilpao is a deer, so nvzhhzc is less likely to father some cubs than eeeotzkilpao
mvhyyoodkztu is a lion, cxj is a deer, so mvhyyoodkztu is less likely to father some cubs than cxj
hodgqluonr is a lion, tkkh is a deer, so tkkh is less likely to father some cubs than hodgqluonr
cymyzcxm is a lion, fwfskxsfh is a deer, so fwfskxsfh is less likely to father some cubs than cymyzcxm
yqxfgw is a lion, slwtqvdvqxgo is a deer, so slwtqvdvqxgo is less likely to father some cubs than yqxfgw
kijilzj is a lion, vlpihif is a deer, so vlpihif is less likely to father some cubs than kijilzj
tgnczgpoobg is a lion, lkqsx is a deer, so lkqsx is less likely to father some cubs than tgnczgpoobg
nansjvzgrbzp is a lion, pzxpceujkrp is a deer, so nansjvzgrbzp is not less likely to father some cubs than pzxpceujkrp
qdlwlsrhvmk is a lion, fsjs is a deer, so qdlwlsrhvmk is not less likely to father some cubs than fsjs
mwgol is a lion, yuezo is a deer, so mwgol is not less likely to father some cubs than yuezo
ynrzryga is a lion, pxinw is a deer, so ynrzryga is not less likely to father some cubs than pxinw
vkbjapmxox is a lion, avbwqwwmzl is a deer, so vkbjapmxox is not less likely to father some cubs than avbwqwwmzl
fkzzttgt is a lion, dzsuil is a deer, so dzsuil is not more likely to father some cubs than fkzzttgt
lyeadcngn is a lion, ajs is a deer, so ajs is not more likely to father some cubs than lyeadcngn
poooi is a lion, rqe is a deer, so rqe is not more likely to father some cubs than poooi
svqczlo is a lion, ydn is a deer, so ydn is not more likely to father some cubs than svqczlo
utgh is a lion, phjqwqtondjy is a deer, so phjqwqtondjy is not more likely to father some cubs than utgh
zpirsbwnosrq is a frog, zooicpv is a sheep, so zpirsbwnosrq is more likely to jump very high than zooicpv
npondwqq is a frog, rgbreqcmp is a sheep, so npondwqq is more likely to jump very high than rgbreqcmp
hphfrziu is a frog, hecmjsx is a sheep, so hphfrziu is more likely to jump very high than hecmjsx
jdcobog is a frog, mxnobhmznxv is a sheep, so jdcobog is more likely to jump very high than mxnobhmznxv
zvkcixme is a frog, kpbyqhvxqbmp is a sheep, so zvkcixme is more likely to jump very high than kpbyqhvxqbmp
farjkt is a frog, ecfoh is a sheep, so ecfoh is more likely to jump very high than farjkt
nyu is a frog, zhtaphlx is a sheep, so zhtaphlx is more likely to jump very high than nyu
rmpjkuhmnsh is a frog, bjebdx is a sheep, so bjebdx is more likely to jump very high than rmpjkuhmnsh
sdatcet is a frog, efmhxl is a sheep, so efmhxl is more likely to jump very high than sdatcet
dqitbdqufz is a frog, dfugx is a sheep, so dfugx is more likely to jump very high than dqitbdqufz
rhaixjygwx is a frog, xwdkjwleyr is a sheep, so rhaixjygwx is not less likely to jump very high than xwdkjwleyr
befwvd is a frog, thak is a sheep, so befwvd is not less likely to jump very high than thak
ioh is a frog, hnvhrexyh is a sheep, so ioh is not less likely to jump very high than hnvhrexyh
bouyltqje is a frog, wclababypdo is a sheep, so bouyltqje is not less likely to jump very high than wclababypdo
djyhjgcnx is a frog, tiuruqk is a sheep, so djyhjgcnx is not less likely to jump very high than tiuruqk
frx is a frog, gkmjb is a sheep, so gkmjb is not more likely to jump very high than frx
fpqpjsxa is a frog, xsozcgpkzlo is a sheep, so xsozcgpkzlo is not more likely to jump very high than fpqpjsxa
vnuziyvrokoi is a frog, rnbv is a sheep, so rnbv is not more likely to jump very high than vnuziyvrokoi
qxt is a frog, fedj is a sheep, so fedj is not more likely to jump very high than qxt
duxktpvhucid is a frog, ptetg is a sheep, so ptetg is not more likely to jump very high than duxktpvhucid
tjj is a cow, cbcjiojxho is a squirrel, so tjj is more likely to be in the hamburger than cbcjiojxho
iud is a cow, qmkidfzbrp is a squirrel, so iud is more likely to be in the hamburger than qmkidfzbrp
fckzhuivckd is a cow, kzjsc is a squirrel, so fckzhuivckd is more likely to be in the hamburger than kzjsc
dzlveysbbdun is a cow, acyxjoxmky is a squirrel, so dzlveysbbdun is more likely to be in the hamburger than acyxjoxmky
dnfxcv is a cow, uuk is a squirrel, so dnfxcv is more likely to be in the hamburger than uuk
zayuedhsv is a cow, rewr is a squirrel, so rewr is less likely to be in the hamburger than zayuedhsv
iebghbntf is a cow, jwytiz is a squirrel, so jwytiz is less likely to be in the hamburger than iebghbntf
ebvjlvfohfm is a cow, lsfgpfim is a squirrel, so lsfgpfim is less likely to be in the hamburger than ebvjlvfohfm
ugeqbdtn is a cow, etclxjvv is a squirrel, so etclxjvv is less likely to be in the hamburger than ugeqbdtn
qpej is a cow, bfv is a squirrel, so bfv is less likely to be in the hamburger than qpej
kzgaz is a cow, vczzy is a squirrel, so kzgaz is not less likely to be in the hamburger than vczzy
drxymaavcy is a cow, czbhmtssfthn is a squirrel, so drxymaavcy is not less likely to be in the hamburger than czbhmtssfthn
bjqny is a cow, rvndbofyed is a squirrel, so bjqny is not less likely to be in the hamburger than rvndbofyed
jrhq is a cow, hakw is a squirrel, so jrhq is not less likely to be in the hamburger than hakw
bwknqxwrro is a cow, usce is a squirrel, so bwknqxwrro is not less likely to be in the hamburger than usce
tmdzgntiwakp is a cow, pruvtcufx is a squirrel, so pruvtcufx is not more likely to be in the hamburger than tmdzgntiwakp
jiecrnhfrfha is a cow, pyqhjfcc is a squirrel, so pyqhjfcc is not more likely to be in the hamburger than jiecrnhfrfha
psuhlzzac is a cow, tgdvw is a squirrel, so tgdvw is not more likely to be in the hamburger than psuhlzzac
yqwvqof is a cow, aftm is a squirrel, so aftm is not more likely to be in the hamburger than yqwvqof
galuadrhizl is a cow, vhetet is a squirrel, so vhetet is not more likely to be in the hamburger than galuadrhizl
cych is a kangaroo, kjijpeetvc is a ant, so cych is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than kjijpeetvc
qftsnnxluq is a kangaroo, dalrj is a ant, so qftsnnxluq is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than dalrj
lbdrwcetacrw is a kangaroo, bgggvqpjysim is a ant, so lbdrwcetacrw is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than bgggvqpjysim
hhucnbjq is a kangaroo, zsls is a ant, so hhucnbjq is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than zsls
qiogb is a kangaroo, zoas is a ant, so qiogb is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than zoas
ltbyateshbj is a kangaroo, kjd is a ant, so kjd is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ltbyateshbj
aojdjo is a kangaroo, hzk is a ant, so hzk is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than aojdjo
ywpfzaxgkzvj is a kangaroo, mqkshlzzo is a ant, so mqkshlzzo is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ywpfzaxgkzvj
mfxhzkbwc is a kangaroo, lxltlivgr is a ant, so lxltlivgr is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than mfxhzkbwc
tvzr is a kangaroo, irrzj is a ant, so irrzj is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than tvzr
knfbyijeeehq is a kangaroo, funaxpsiimk is a ant, so knfbyijeeehq is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than funaxpsiimk
ukicjhwle is a kangaroo, frjveasza is a ant, so ukicjhwle is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than frjveasza
lxklc is a kangaroo, oyntsb is a ant, so lxklc is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than oyntsb
frxiavjfn is a kangaroo, oclva is a ant, so frxiavjfn is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than oclva
xmx is a kangaroo, sloguzb is a ant, so xmx is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than sloguzb
ssatg is a kangaroo, iacnudfk is a ant, so iacnudfk is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ssatg
ikkmu is a kangaroo, igdlvbj is a ant, so igdlvbj is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ikkmu
ochuhyduiszb is a kangaroo, spfn is a ant, so spfn is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ochuhyduiszb
mnaopagg is a kangaroo, fvyaorqx is a ant, so fvyaorqx is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than mnaopagg
ubu is a kangaroo, bgz is a ant, so bgz is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ubu
dkkjjarwzxa is a octopus, hrzxcdxlldgu is a sheep, so dkkjjarwzxa is more likely to be in water than hrzxcdxlldgu
iblalp is a octopus, otdcbiun is a sheep, so iblalp is more likely to be in water than otdcbiun
avi is a octopus, ohfbzwhgp is a sheep, so avi is more likely to be in water than ohfbzwhgp
hewzejabzhg is a octopus, tfaqdlvu is a sheep, so hewzejabzhg is more likely to be in water than tfaqdlvu
sauar is a octopus, uxswjhkjyr is a sheep, so sauar is more likely to be in water than uxswjhkjyr
iglcgyqkahe is a octopus, jgicznkehepa is a sheep, so jgicznkehepa is less likely to be in water than iglcgyqkahe
awjamf is a octopus, zbsxfqzcozmw is a sheep, so zbsxfqzcozmw is less likely to be in water than awjamf
zzrhosem is a octopus, iplokqaysp is a sheep, so iplokqaysp is less likely to be in water than zzrhosem
zbqfoejije is a octopus, rraofvgh is a sheep, so rraofvgh is less likely to be in water than zbqfoejije
kbhzmqo is a octopus, usloxtmpuog is a sheep, so usloxtmpuog is less likely to be in water than kbhzmqo
maoulcqe is a octopus, ocbtfahl is a sheep, so maoulcqe is not less likely to be in water than ocbtfahl
dtkdmb is a octopus, juamirqezok is a sheep, so dtkdmb is not less likely to be in water than juamirqezok
bnfggoa is a octopus, nrvtrajkhbkb is a sheep, so bnfggoa is not less likely to be in water than nrvtrajkhbkb
aiohcey is a octopus, bhixbkvetaxk is a sheep, so aiohcey is not less likely to be in water than bhixbkvetaxk
tybfslfdkbrj is a octopus, vmhradaizfo is a sheep, so tybfslfdkbrj is not less likely to be in water than vmhradaizfo
kndxhigs is a octopus, kriqo is a sheep, so kriqo is not more likely to be in water than kndxhigs
mfvjm is a octopus, grljllaq is a sheep, so grljllaq is not more likely to be in water than mfvjm
mubxxqpuq is a octopus, ivpafcqy is a sheep, so ivpafcqy is not more likely to be in water than mubxxqpuq
rnjcqgwdxd is a octopus, ajsfvabgz is a sheep, so ajsfvabgz is not more likely to be in water than rnjcqgwdxd
dszxqijx is a octopus, tfiairxirvx is a sheep, so tfiairxirvx is not more likely to be in water than dszxqijx
lqqt is a bird, skg is a fox, so lqqt is more likely to be in the air than skg
zasomjh is a bird, xuxnhszwll is a fox, so zasomjh is more likely to be in the air than xuxnhszwll
gatgpipjrsr is a bird, cxy is a fox, so gatgpipjrsr is more likely to be in the air than cxy
chkqct is a bird, oqz is a fox, so chkqct is more likely to be in the air than oqz
qrumpyz is a bird, dkbbubzgdh is a fox, so qrumpyz is more likely to be in the air than dkbbubzgdh
zzjgwrzgifzy is a bird, exivi is a fox, so exivi is less likely to be in the air than zzjgwrzgifzy
spgvguqdecq is a bird, zgze is a fox, so zgze is less likely to be in the air than spgvguqdecq
dzapnt is a bird, tlpaxy is a fox, so tlpaxy is less likely to be in the air than dzapnt
uvv is a bird, onetmwp is a fox, so onetmwp is less likely to be in the air than uvv
yqedrhvydiz is a bird, ebueg is a fox, so ebueg is less likely to be in the air than yqedrhvydiz
sbrcy is a bird, yrrrfnqf is a fox, so sbrcy is not less likely to be in the air than yrrrfnqf
plnizude is a bird, fuznvdhfgbgw is a fox, so plnizude is not less likely to be in the air than fuznvdhfgbgw
gxbmoingg is a bird, rklzrnt is a fox, so gxbmoingg is not less likely to be in the air than rklzrnt
ehqz is a bird, gdiihkgyade is a fox, so ehqz is not less likely to be in the air than gdiihkgyade
fknuldposds is a bird, pqe is a fox, so fknuldposds is not less likely to be in the air than pqe
ujqrtawf is a bird, qaff is a fox, so qaff is not more likely to be in the air than ujqrtawf
doomwojtgwca is a bird, fziz is a fox, so fziz is not more likely to be in the air than doomwojtgwca
hgmfqfsp is a bird, epgpnobfq is a fox, so epgpnobfq is not more likely to be in the air than hgmfqfsp
wxks is a bird, sdklfmg is a fox, so sdklfmg is not more likely to be in the air than wxks
nfrygfbem is a bird, tprfmn is a fox, so tprfmn is not more likely to be in the air than nfrygfbem
lpsjcriram is a owl, bhrpwcdkj is a dog, so lpsjcriram is more likely to hear the slightest rustle than bhrpwcdkj
xfwxt is a owl, wcbfcaf is a dog, so xfwxt is more likely to hear the slightest rustle than wcbfcaf
vwmiwgz is a owl, rlqwxqvgttdy is a dog, so vwmiwgz is more likely to hear the slightest rustle than rlqwxqvgttdy
johjbb is a owl, vrhjgrp is a dog, so johjbb is more likely to hear the slightest rustle than vrhjgrp
rxp is a owl, zemj is a dog, so rxp is more likely to hear the slightest rustle than zemj
mfprztmh is a owl, ydp is a dog, so ydp is less likely to hear the slightest rustle than mfprztmh
ijflmfgncb is a owl, ccwov is a dog, so ccwov is less likely to hear the slightest rustle than ijflmfgncb
daahf is a owl, tikv is a dog, so tikv is less likely to hear the slightest rustle than daahf
itcuxnc is a owl, zlokq is a dog, so zlokq is less likely to hear the slightest rustle than itcuxnc
yrjrer is a owl, icqjuuowlyps is a dog, so icqjuuowlyps is less likely to hear the slightest rustle than yrjrer
fkvomedbg is a owl, qnwck is a dog, so fkvomedbg is not less likely to hear the slightest rustle than qnwck
ijvnpohvlxm is a owl, edhwbrmvwwm is a dog, so ijvnpohvlxm is not less likely to hear the slightest rustle than edhwbrmvwwm
nlhojcjknfh is a owl, aaj is a dog, so nlhojcjknfh is not less likely to hear the slightest rustle than aaj
dorepyjmjvp is a owl, rut is a dog, so dorepyjmjvp is not less likely to hear the slightest rustle than rut
eekegrmkpch is a owl, nfml is a dog, so eekegrmkpch is not less likely to hear the slightest rustle than nfml
owu is a owl, ttzgupohqpu is a dog, so ttzgupohqpu is not more likely to hear the slightest rustle than owu
jgcuayshia is a owl, thqjozaumeu is a dog, so thqjozaumeu is not more likely to hear the slightest rustle than jgcuayshia
eytapkbk is a owl, qohkpuhxxeur is a dog, so qohkpuhxxeur is not more likely to hear the slightest rustle than eytapkbk
xsvyns is a owl, njhvno is a dog, so njhvno is not more likely to hear the slightest rustle than xsvyns
aovx is a owl, mqjkchqfnqrk is a dog, so mqjkchqfnqrk is not more likely to hear the slightest rustle than aovx
mcfvhmhlrkso is a hamster, hyyvwltni is a ant, so mcfvhmhlrkso is more likely to spin on a wheel than hyyvwltni
nhnrrmufyzm is a hamster, ldjnryazu is a ant, so nhnrrmufyzm is more likely to spin on a wheel than ldjnryazu
eveoxy is a hamster, dnhwyjvt is a ant, so eveoxy is more likely to spin on a wheel than dnhwyjvt
zwdumh is a hamster, mxw is a ant, so zwdumh is more likely to spin on a wheel than mxw
xgplkhrncbz is a hamster, tyuiusnedg is a ant, so xgplkhrncbz is more likely to spin on a wheel than tyuiusnedg
ilpzmgoxvg is a hamster, ikxeyx is a ant, so ikxeyx is less likely to spin on a wheel than ilpzmgoxvg
parkrqdxia is a hamster, pfwmkegrbfc is a ant, so pfwmkegrbfc is less likely to spin on a wheel than parkrqdxia
xcg is a hamster, wegewhhpske is a ant, so wegewhhpske is less likely to spin on a wheel than xcg
byr is a hamster, tlztu is a ant, so tlztu is less likely to spin on a wheel than byr
zpfdhav is a hamster, vvxoxuiby is a ant, so vvxoxuiby is less likely to spin on a wheel than zpfdhav
yncdpp is a hamster, lgduzvzlm is an ant, so yncdpp is not less likely to spin on a wheel than lgduzvzlm
wql is a hamster, zwrhkpo is an ant, so wql is not less likely to spin on a wheel than zwrhkpo
uvxnbomfi is a hamster, rgmhlvbckc is an ant, so uvxnbomfi is not less likely to spin on a wheel than rgmhlvbckc
rtiwndaehdo is a hamster, dqwdcpzsr is an ant, so rtiwndaehdo is not less likely to spin on a wheel than dqwdcpzsr
thalycnu is a hamster, xeqpgi is an ant, so thalycnu is not less likely to spin on a wheel than xeqpgi
wtirasmqnxb is a hamster, sott is an ant, so sott is not more likely to spin on a wheel than wtirasmqnxb
kzj is a hamster, bdpi is an ant, so bdpi is not more likely to spin on a wheel than kzj
eofjnslvjmr is a hamster, usznhqco is an ant, so usznhqco is not more likely to spin on a wheel than eofjnslvjmr
zawqdekmehh is a hamster, sifdxcjqeuw is an ant, so sifdxcjqeuw is not more likely to spin on a wheel than zawqdekmehh
bdig is a hamster, nujzwnu is an ant, so nujzwnu is not more likely to spin on a wheel than bdig
wyawjyugpmzv is a chicken, tarlhvcubql is a duck, so wyawjyugpmzv is more likely to be food than tarlhvcubql
dhoph is a chicken, uvjomicdq is a duck, so dhoph is more likely to be food than uvjomicdq
ktnbxprunyhv is a chicken, kotcn is a duck, so ktnbxprunyhv is more likely to be food than kotcn
emdgmfauspha is a chicken, ymujd is a duck, so emdgmfauspha is more likely to be food than ymujd
fggnfby is a chicken, bajocyfw is a duck, so fggnfby is more likely to be food than bajocyfw
yleisv is a chicken, zlsqpv is a duck, so zlsqpv is less likely to be food than yleisv
ehorsnd is a chicken, dexqrisgt is a duck, so dexqrisgt is less likely to be food than ehorsnd
lqo is a chicken, igvgqytmyxzm is a duck, so igvgqytmyxzm is less likely to be food than lqo
lvqjxg is a chicken, zuty is a duck, so zuty is less likely to be food than lvqjxg
ciyktcxqaqu is a chicken, uwesancz is a duck, so uwesancz is less likely to be food than ciyktcxqaqu
iqvkobddmpzl is a chicken, whquolcjnak is a duck, so iqvkobddmpzl is not more food than whquolcjnak
xgcec is a chicken, thduvitju is a duck, so xgcec is not more food than thduvitju
kpcoxt is a chicken, lrprd is a duck, so kpcoxt is not more food than lrprd
nhhbr is a chicken, oaihplmand is a duck, so nhhbr is not more food than oaihplmand
setseep is a chicken, ftkpwy is a duck, so setseep is not more food than ftkpwy
wpaumna is a chicken, tnvtfixyrv is a duck, so tnvtfixyrv is not more likely to be food than wpaumna
eervp is a chicken, odyfmsbj is a duck, so odyfmsbj is not more likely to be food than eervp
qskcsvhj is a chicken, mmkimcjvganh is a duck, so mmkimcjvganh is not more likely to be food than qskcsvhj
ecum is a chicken, spvx is a duck, so spvx is not more likely to be food than ecum
ofjarz is a chicken, wpbntczr is a duck, so wpbntczr is not more likely to be food than ofjarz
mhuimuze is a bird, tgqigqdxcdm is a shark, so mhuimuze is more likely to be a pet than tgqigqdxcdm
fdk is a bird, nuatcoeeh is a shark, so fdk is more likely to be a pet than nuatcoeeh
sqlbuvsm is a bird, qvppzmknc is a shark, so sqlbuvsm is more likely to be a pet than qvppzmknc
yvsljqz is a bird, ejle is a shark, so yvsljqz is more likely to be a pet than ejle
plqfywtzddvi is a bird, npldnuvmjxg is a shark, so plqfywtzddvi is more likely to be a pet than npldnuvmjxg
ums is a bird, ayxobgi is a shark, so ayxobgi is less likely to be a pet than ums
wrbqkd is a bird, qhu is a shark, so qhu is less likely to be a pet than wrbqkd
jnzsapjv is a bird, siroubyv is a shark, so siroubyv is less likely to be a pet than jnzsapjv
mdrvdl is a bird, itigcsgam is a shark, so itigcsgam is less likely to be a pet than mdrvdl
wikipqn is a bird, lvbolnsl is a shark, so lvbolnsl is less likely to be a pet than wikipqn
buoqtfajmdsu is a bird, kwvfbztqkp is a shark, so buoqtfajmdsu is not less likely to be a pet than kwvfbztqkp
emvliplja is a bird, kkkcx is a shark, so emvliplja is not less likely to be a pet than kkkcx
hvlmlbuyp is a bird, saeswduku is a shark, so hvlmlbuyp is not less likely to be a pet than saeswduku
myoxku is a bird, svvqycyednr is a shark, so myoxku is not less likely to be a pet than svvqycyednr
pgpvyzni is a bird, kimiqveuucm is a shark, so pgpvyzni is not less likely to be a pet than kimiqveuucm
altysgc is a bird, qxorq is a shark, so qxorq is not more likely to be a pet than altysgc
vkjjwhuxiput is a bird, riaffhz is a shark, so riaffhz is not more likely to be a pet than vkjjwhuxiput
jhhdtinhm is a bird, alghsabetwm is a shark, so alghsabetwm is not more likely to be a pet than jhhdtinhm
noemzcs is a bird, gpwdh is a shark, so gpwdh is not more likely to be a pet than noemzcs
gnhjgzmence is a bird, sckxwg is a shark, so sckxwg is not more likely to be a pet than gnhjgzmence
pdlf is a giraffe, oszhzk is a eagle, so pdlf is more likely to be in a zoo than oszhzk
iadad is a giraffe, hfkjpqho is a eagle, so iadad is more likely to be in a zoo than hfkjpqho
zhnfnpzxwmcl is a giraffe, ysrytxjfpnt is a eagle, so zhnfnpzxwmcl is more likely to be in a zoo than ysrytxjfpnt
pupbxezmlxmo is a giraffe, srwf is a eagle, so pupbxezmlxmo is more likely to be in a zoo than srwf
woybeapvpr is a giraffe, jmvghd is a eagle, so woybeapvpr is more likely to be in a zoo than jmvghd
oiubhbfld is a giraffe, vyiviautymi is a eagle, so vyiviautymi is less likely to be in a zoo than oiubhbfld
czj is a giraffe, xywfhxuo is a eagle, so xywfhxuo is less likely to be in a zoo than czj
acydx is a giraffe, mfb is a eagle, so mfb is less likely to be in a zoo than acydx
cuvc is a giraffe, wkyluq is a eagle, so wkyluq is less likely to be in a zoo than cuvc
eeswlyw is a giraffe, suhx is a eagle, so suhx is less likely to be in a zoo than eeswlyw
skkutyiwj is a giraffe, vqcowczmtrmg is a eagle, so skkutyiwj is not less likely to be in a zoo than vqcowczmtrmg
czf is a giraffe, szrraiwpjw is a eagle, so czf is not less likely to be in a zoo than szrraiwpjw
pxwns is a giraffe, nsxd is a eagle, so pxwns is not less likely to be in a zoo than nsxd
crxxwglk is a giraffe, xcijvyxiykpz is a eagle, so crxxwglk is not less likely to be in a zoo than xcijvyxiykpz
fkwpcaawtfhz is a giraffe, dqju is a eagle, so fkwpcaawtfhz is not less likely to be in a zoo than dqju
fdo is a giraffe, lhcavemjudk is a eagle, so lhcavemjudk is not more likely to be in a zoo than fdo
izldfkdrzkh is a giraffe, catbjbbdtm is a eagle, so catbjbbdtm is not more likely to be in a zoo than izldfkdrzkh
opy is a giraffe, vbtqt is a eagle, so vbtqt is not more likely to be in a zoo than opy
xsmtfjtocp is a giraffe, aqraptqpblmj is a eagle, so aqraptqpblmj is not more likely to be in a zoo than xsmtfjtocp
kez is a giraffe, rxksrmlm is a eagle, so rxksrmlm is not more likely to be in a zoo than kez
pwaofbywufx is a shark, wkim is a goat, so pwaofbywufx is more likely to be in a pool hall than wkim
dtpsdy is a shark, jqbcr is a goat, so dtpsdy is more likely to be in a pool hall than jqbcr
vwmsxlmbpved is a shark, ivbcknrpn is a goat, so vwmsxlmbpved is more likely to be in a pool hall than ivbcknrpn
pmbtqwhb is a shark, vomkva is a goat, so pmbtqwhb is more likely to be in a pool hall than vomkva
jtuqwyrv is a shark, bvuc is a goat, so jtuqwyrv is more likely to be in a pool hall than bvuc
ipoernfl is a shark, dtm is a goat, so dtm is less likely to be in a pool hall than ipoernfl
icdgkvs is a shark, tyzojlxkxk is a goat, so tyzojlxkxk is less likely to be in a pool hall than icdgkvs
jszbns is a shark, qzrzlkqroh is a goat, so qzrzlkqroh is less likely to be in a pool hall than jszbns
zsbtj is a shark, mzaod is a goat, so mzaod is less likely to be in a pool hall than zsbtj
etp is a shark, iglopzfoqhoj is a goat, so iglopzfoqhoj is less likely to be in a pool hall than etp
vyw is a shark, uplzv is a goat, so vyw is not less likely to be in a pool hall than uplzv
wfrtydotfcl is a shark, vzxj is a goat, so wfrtydotfcl is not less likely to be in a pool hall than vzxj
zuxtqk is a shark, uec is a goat, so zuxtqk is not less likely to be in a pool hall than uec
ktyzxhtdrst is a shark, qbx is a goat, so ktyzxhtdrst is not less likely to be in a pool hall than qbx
gonnduflujc is a shark, zylzuyvs is a goat, so gonnduflujc is not less likely to be in a pool hall than zylzuyvs
vkooeiap is a shark, njyjqz is a goat, so njyjqz is not more likely to be in a pool hall than vkooeiap
mtmfrubs is a shark, gjsrcmtdoess is a goat, so gjsrcmtdoess is not more likely to be in a pool hall than mtmfrubs
xomemyzithp is a shark, csupxtzqiu is a goat, so csupxtzqiu is not more likely to be in a pool hall than xomemyzithp
biqeabjbgsi is a shark, lhmgejkeb is a goat, so lhmgejkeb is not more likely to be in a pool hall than biqeabjbgsi
zvetlebwboy is a shark, glvjzwab is a goat, so glvjzwab is not more likely to be in a pool hall than zvetlebwboy
lulqqvuzdxho is a fly, olmsswcc is a fox, so lulqqvuzdxho is more likely to fly around than olmsswcc
blv is a fly, duxocblim is a fox, so blv is more likely to fly around than duxocblim
nsbxj is a fly, skb is a fox, so nsbxj is more likely to fly around than skb
szjqkzn is a fly, ugcf is a fox, so szjqkzn is more likely to fly around than ugcf
qptbx is a fly, xoimpm is a fox, so qptbx is more likely to fly around than xoimpm
nnytjurks is a fly, jkj is a fox, so jkj is less likely to fly around than nnytjurks
vqys is a fly, zrbtclqwum is a fox, so zrbtclqwum is less likely to fly around than vqys
keoelamw is a fly, fhbua is a fox, so fhbua is less likely to fly around than keoelamw
bld is a fly, yurio is a fox, so yurio is less likely to fly around than bld
hhliu is a fly, iudpkkz is a fox, so iudpkkz is less likely to fly around than hhliu
mpzulf is a fly, yzcmaswcdzq is a fox, so mpzulf is not less likely to fly around than yzcmaswcdzq
cucdmlb is a fly, yefwxjrdzxg is a fox, so cucdmlb is not less likely to fly around than yefwxjrdzxg
mgm is a fly, mkvetmlmnucg is a fox, so mgm is not less likely to fly around than mkvetmlmnucg
ziyukfjko is a fly, nveenfhwd is a fox, so ziyukfjko is not less likely to fly around than nveenfhwd
mqhztv is a fly, hbderwm is a fox, so mqhztv is not less likely to fly around than hbderwm
dibw is a fly, jonqrhdvpdyz is a fox, so jonqrhdvpdyz is not more likely to fly around than dibw
viveykaix is a fly, vtojlkpbin is a fox, so vtojlkpbin is not more likely to fly around than viveykaix
kzspyhvhiql is a fly, ptgbvjlcb is a fox, so ptgbvjlcb is not more likely to fly around than kzspyhvhiql
jabtwnvhnpz is a fly, xxxf is a fox, so xxxf is not more likely to fly around than jabtwnvhnpz
jbqsh is a fly, ootce is a fox, so ootce is not more likely to fly around than jbqsh
goazockf is a monkey, ccvk is a hippopotamus, so goazockf is more likely to use a tool than ccvk
dhgetlu is a monkey, gfjcdybmroe is a hippopotamus, so dhgetlu is more likely to use a tool than gfjcdybmroe
tfa is a monkey, yzelxgsut is a hippopotamus, so tfa is more likely to use a tool than yzelxgsut
vppwedgc is a monkey, oayzfrfeftgn is a hippopotamus, so vppwedgc is more likely to use a tool than oayzfrfeftgn
dhcufw is a monkey, vexokz is a hippopotamus, so dhcufw is more likely to use a tool than vexokz
lszvfriha is a monkey, yhqnplg is a hippopotamus, so yhqnplg is less likely to use a tool than lszvfriha
alwvst is a monkey, ynzanctsmgm is a hippopotamus, so ynzanctsmgm is less likely to use a tool than alwvst
qjqvvpyg is a monkey, otysdqkg is a hippopotamus, so otysdqkg is less likely to use a tool than qjqvvpyg
raiijqni is a monkey, lgcbvxhkmmiw is a hippopotamus, so lgcbvxhkmmiw is less likely to use a tool than raiijqni
cbgsdzvopui is a monkey, euhggfet is a hippopotamus, so euhggfet is less likely to use a tool than cbgsdzvopui
con is a monkey, alxdwyi is a hippopotamus, so con is not less likely to use a tool than alxdwyi
mspzrjudbs is a monkey, mcknuoupt is a hippopotamus, so mspzrjudbs is not less likely to use a tool than mcknuoupt
souvg is a monkey, qehjewganjw is a hippopotamus, so souvg is not less likely to use a tool than qehjewganjw
heqmgi is a monkey, onekciawm is a hippopotamus, so heqmgi is not less likely to use a tool than onekciawm
rdeunpkuufev is a monkey, vpolz is a hippopotamus, so rdeunpkuufev is not less likely to use a tool than vpolz
mtkzsf is a monkey, unygvbyklru is a hippopotamus, so unygvbyklru is not more likely to use a tool than mtkzsf
pfavjnllqm is a monkey, vhe is a hippopotamus, so vhe is not more likely to use a tool than pfavjnllqm
dnqctp is a monkey, jvqe is a hippopotamus, so jvqe is not more likely to use a tool than dnqctp
qqzkeisxuer is a monkey, edsg is a hippopotamus, so edsg is not more likely to use a tool than qqzkeisxuer
edygrvjibrtk is a monkey, yshccxvf is a hippopotamus, so yshccxvf is not more likely to use a tool than edygrvjibrtk
exqyorbx is a frog, lnrltaqgroj is a fox, so exqyorbx is more likely to be a prince than lnrltaqgroj
xeykbj is a frog, eezk is a fox, so xeykbj is more likely to be a prince than eezk
mbezrtqf is a frog, lhyeheqxffow is a fox, so mbezrtqf is more likely to be a prince than lhyeheqxffow
kfdchzqics is a frog, clshbxvp is a fox, so kfdchzqics is more likely to be a prince than clshbxvp
ilac is a frog, kknvy is a fox, so ilac is more likely to be a prince than kknvy
dgeqicpaec is a frog, dgrasg is a fox, so dgrasg is less likely to wish to be a prince than dgeqicpaec
atwpsoy is a frog, txqzclitq is a fox, so txqzclitq is less likely to wish to be a prince than atwpsoy
dibp is a frog, yvxumtetj is a fox, so yvxumtetj is less likely to wish to be a prince than dibp
qnpearcpxxt is a frog, drqlyrg is a fox, so drqlyrg is less likely to wish to be a prince than qnpearcpxxt
jcpbuazqtmxq is a frog, pfxtjlz is a fox, so pfxtjlz is less likely to wish to be a prince than jcpbuazqtmxq
zbma is a frog, zzrfuvcsajm is a fox, so zbma is not less likely to wish to be a prince than zzrfuvcsajm
whgaf is a frog, rmdsneomekcq is a fox, so whgaf is not less likely to wish to be a prince than rmdsneomekcq
rwzeuiihzsm is a frog, ieej is a fox, so rwzeuiihzsm is not less likely to wish to be a prince than ieej
dzsymfx is a frog, mxziruxruphp is a fox, so dzsymfx is not less likely to wish to be a prince than mxziruxruphp
zdz is a frog, ulmxo is a fox, so zdz is not less likely to wish to be a prince than ulmxo
oraqoxxb is a frog, zbpmf is a fox, so zbpmf is not more likely to wish to be a prince than oraqoxxb
dcomf is a frog, bjbtuuamfpi is a fox, so bjbtuuamfpi is not more likely to wish to be a prince than dcomf
ioxqxogqxac is a frog, smpsluj is a fox, so smpsluj is not more likely to wish to be a prince than ioxqxogqxac
kwyl is a frog, lphtrosttyxp is a fox, so lphtrosttyxp is not more likely to wish to be a prince than kwyl
nejsunetm is a frog, mtoazd is a fox, so mtoazd is not more likely to wish to be a prince than nejsunetm
kkjcdqmdep is a pig, crpmknw is a hippopotamus, so kkjcdqmdep is more likely to find truffles than crpmknw
atzdbegtxfbg is a pig, nebgzcrq is a hippopotamus, so atzdbegtxfbg is more likely to find truffles than nebgzcrq
mvravutwejmp is a pig, dkt is a hippopotamus, so mvravutwejmp is more likely to find truffles than dkt
eiwgp is a pig, ceejjk is a hippopotamus, so eiwgp is more likely to find truffles than ceejjk
poifraesnv is a pig, pzozkral is a hippopotamus, so poifraesnv is more likely to find truffles than pzozkral
scf is a pig, prnejvpy is a hippopotamus, so prnejvpy is less likely to find truffles than scf
pnefqmo is a pig, gsvcuu is a hippopotamus, so gsvcuu is less likely to find truffles than pnefqmo
nlij is a pig, jeeyrqyfxwjj is a hippopotamus, so jeeyrqyfxwjj is less likely to find truffles than nlij
yfscbwqyuy is a pig, ggh is a hippopotamus, so ggh is less likely to find truffles than yfscbwqyuy
awj is a pig, rfnhrctr is a hippopotamus, so rfnhrctr is less likely to find truffles than awj
dadccc is a pig, yqllcinkzuyr is a hippopotamus, so dadccc is not less likely to find truffles than yqllcinkzuyr
ongntz is a pig, iyzsnlfwxhgt is a hippopotamus, so ongntz is not less likely to find truffles than iyzsnlfwxhgt
jilekcokr is a pig, roay is a hippopotamus, so jilekcokr is not less likely to find truffles than roay
yhne is a pig, lzbhrevq is a hippopotamus, so yhne is not less likely to find truffles than lzbhrevq
jnafrzrdoznn is a pig, vawmvyqdh is a hippopotamus, so jnafrzrdoznn is not less likely to find truffles than vawmvyqdh
gbpyaevpja is a pig, khxwdciked is a hippopotamus, so khxwdciked is not more likely to find truffles than gbpyaevpja
rpzg is a pig, nnjnoilazwx is a hippopotamus, so nnjnoilazwx is not more likely to find truffles than rpzg
pydpugly is a pig, yhgwvfezuek is a hippopotamus, so yhgwvfezuek is not more likely to find truffles than pydpugly
ahv is a pig, mvupzurscplw is a hippopotamus, so mvupzurscplw is not more likely to find truffles than ahv
ptjytema is a pig, zkrovs is a hippopotamus, so zkrovs is not more likely to find truffles than ptjytema
rzyrfmat is a cow, obujfthkbvyc is a scorpion, so rzyrfmat is more low by mooing than obujfthkbvyc
pkhkatqafsbs is a cow, jpqwnnlfhet is a scorpion, so pkhkatqafsbs is more low by mooing than jpqwnnlfhet
xethdgpymfyd is a cow, kno is a scorpion, so xethdgpymfyd is more low by mooing than kno
tvgqxyn is a cow, lpojziiwkpn is a scorpion, so tvgqxyn is more low by mooing than lpojziiwkpn
nsblmukwnh is a cow, iyfnkfl is a scorpion, so nsblmukwnh is more low by mooing than iyfnkfl
ifvdfkgitsf is a cow, fhp is a scorpion, so fhp is less low by mooing than ifvdfkgitsf
yakf is a cow, hlo is a scorpion, so hlo is less low by mooing than yakf
hbze is a cow, qptottoigfg is a scorpion, so qptottoigfg is less low by mooing than hbze
zyxffihyki is a cow, vgyqfnlrnp is a scorpion, so vgyqfnlrnp is less low by mooing than zyxffihyki
fqos is a cow, pnwgih is a scorpion, so pnwgih is less low by mooing than fqos
vrmseioqqkuh is a cow, ibrs is a scorpion, so vrmseioqqkuh is not less low by mooing than ibrs
kyzrcybsyc is a cow, jbskortg is a scorpion, so kyzrcybsyc is not less low by mooing than jbskortg
smuqzz is a cow, tbeaist is a scorpion, so smuqzz is not less low by mooing than tbeaist
elyuamwhg is a cow, qoawyotiacxb is a scorpion, so elyuamwhg is not less low by mooing than qoawyotiacxb
xru is a cow, doifjv is a scorpion, so xru is not less low by mooing than doifjv
fhkbenraepfz is a cow, ntaqo is a scorpion, so ntaqo is not more low by mooing than fhkbenraepfz
eajfxvqkpnr is a cow, lzl is a scorpion, so lzl is not more low by mooing than eajfxvqkpnr
byeodyjp is a cow, jci is a scorpion, so jci is not more low by mooing than byeodyjp
blru is a cow, vdnaoxr is a scorpion, so vdnaoxr is not more low by mooing than blru
rbkj is a cow, zdqpfucsyhwv is a scorpion, so zdqpfucsyhwv is not more low by mooing than rbkj
pdqjuz is a spider, jtvvbtke is an elephant, so pdqjuz is more likely to spin a web than jtvvbtke
xatklypjxacw is a spider, zgnnhg is an elephant, so xatklypjxacw is more likely to spin a web than zgnnhg
hegnjirzeay is a spider, pukyzypwa is an elephant, so hegnjirzeay is more likely to spin a web than pukyzypwa
ywrzgndbrsr is a spider, wqfofqivb is an elephant, so ywrzgndbrsr is more likely to spin a web than wqfofqivb
rfq is a spider, tdl is an elephant, so rfq is more likely to spin a web than tdl
pqqlvu is a spider, hai is an elephant, so hai is less likely to spin a web than pqqlvu
lelrsonttqg is a spider, lscmtandesp is an elephant, so lscmtandesp is less likely to spin a web than lelrsonttqg
vfrsg is a spider, sujyyf is an elephant, so sujyyf is less likely to spin a web than vfrsg
bxlxslpmm is a spider, sxb is an elephant, so sxb is less likely to spin a web than bxlxslpmm
vtckjkmbqgl is a spider, hwioebgmvm is an elephant, so hwioebgmvm is less likely to spin a web than vtckjkmbqgl
jmyfxjwajl is a spider, fabulc is an elephant, so jmyfxjwajl is not less likely to spin a web than fabulc
dnyxjsyxtwvk is a spider, cldgtgpyp is an elephant, so dnyxjsyxtwvk is not less likely to spin a web than cldgtgpyp
cqtcwxxfuodp is a spider, dnsxiywlhpb is an elephant, so cqtcwxxfuodp is not less likely to spin a web than dnsxiywlhpb
boaanedxs is a spider, fftdr is an elephant, so boaanedxs is not less likely to spin a web than fftdr
nfvfpizrspxv is a spider, qfruvetbj is an elephant, so nfvfpizrspxv is not less likely to spin a web than qfruvetbj
umuodsz is a spider, xkp is an elephant, so xkp is not more likely to spin a web than umuodsz
ehwd is a spider, lwrizywdep is an elephant, so lwrizywdep is not more likely to spin a web than ehwd
lcbkuyyegyqk is a spider, hlr is an elephant, so hlr is not more likely to spin a web than lcbkuyyegyqk
mvseraji is a spider, mevqtpqnca is an elephant, so mevqtpqnca is not more likely to spin a web than mvseraji
gqhaoc is a spider, mflb is an elephant, so mflb is not more likely to spin a web than gqhaoc
ypwdbt is a fish, pktbu is a snake, so ypwdbt is more likely to be in a stream than pktbu
upwzdowjaatd is a fish, dlx is a snake, so upwzdowjaatd is more likely to be in a stream than dlx
mnht is a fish, ckwmzxu is a snake, so mnht is more likely to be in a stream than ckwmzxu
ysoupjoa is a fish, hmwdbwtt is a snake, so ysoupjoa is more likely to be in a stream than hmwdbwtt
eos is a fish, epzp is a snake, so eos is more likely to be in a stream than epzp
qrcldjbrepm is a fish, dhjfzywq is a snake, so dhjfzywq is less likely to be in a stream than qrcldjbrepm
kxbosgepnv is a fish, npgfo is a snake, so npgfo is less likely to be in a stream than kxbosgepnv
jkkxiwdchthp is a fish, zdluozawptf is a snake, so zdluozawptf is less likely to be in a stream than jkkxiwdchthp
xprjm is a fish, lbit is a snake, so lbit is less likely to be in a stream than xprjm
wlms is a fish, nuhgkgrdwlyh is a snake, so nuhgkgrdwlyh is less likely to be in a stream than wlms
cjqlqy is a fish, ipz is a snake, so cjqlqy is not less likely to be in a stream than ipz
bpiiyoupu is a fish, cmgmj is a snake, so bpiiyoupu is not less likely to be in a stream than cmgmj
utrfpdgbzgk is a fish, plnxh is a snake, so utrfpdgbzgk is not less likely to be in a stream than plnxh
asqdmthlt is a fish, vrukir is a snake, so asqdmthlt is not less likely to be in a stream than vrukir
shtz is a fish, zelhqbc is a snake, so shtz is not less likely to be in a stream than zelhqbc
vrdpfra is a fish, rtqfvip is a snake, so rtqfvip is not more likely to be in a stream than vrdpfra
pyl is a fish, ebovml is a snake, so ebovml is not more likely to be in a stream than pyl
iunull is a fish, tsq is a snake, so tsq is not more likely to be in a stream than iunull
wgajxzcqnwq is a fish, kcfkiptqm is a snake, so kcfkiptqm is not more likely to be in a stream than wgajxzcqnwq
uwpjtlyiso is a fish, mpsyvxz is a snake, so mpsyvxz is not more likely to be in a stream than uwpjtlyiso
duifyylsddq is a chicken, zlycwsrilw is a wolf, so duifyylsddq is more likely to be in the oven than zlycwsrilw
dweujzjb is a chicken, ycxoomggrs is a wolf, so dweujzjb is more likely to be in the oven than ycxoomggrs
gciwhbsu is a chicken, udamkaq is a wolf, so gciwhbsu is more likely to be in the oven than udamkaq
zgshc is a chicken, dql is a wolf, so zgshc is more likely to be in the oven than dql
glnlqhdzq is a chicken, fadzd is a wolf, so glnlqhdzq is more likely to be in the oven than fadzd
kkrdr is a chicken, zartdg is a wolf, so zartdg is less likely to be in the oven than kkrdr
noygbahx is a chicken, hvd is a wolf, so hvd is less likely to be in the oven than noygbahx
obtckpgvstlt is a chicken, elysgxjhtc is a wolf, so elysgxjhtc is less likely to be in the oven than obtckpgvstlt
aiyabhjvpotn is a chicken, sjtcrfevia is a wolf, so sjtcrfevia is less likely to be in the oven than aiyabhjvpotn
kutqvoi is a chicken, odypfnalfoun is a wolf, so odypfnalfoun is less likely to be in the oven than kutqvoi
lhgaseoilp is a chicken, wbvc is a wolf, so lhgaseoilp is not less likely to be in the oven than wbvc
auejn is a chicken, omecluzxtpbj is a wolf, so auejn is not less likely to be in the oven than omecluzxtpbj
qsmaf is a chicken, tbudn is a wolf, so qsmaf is not less likely to be in the oven than tbudn
pfzjhcs is a chicken, hwjlwvtjhu is a wolf, so pfzjhcs is not less likely to be in the oven than hwjlwvtjhu
dqyhumyaxfsb is a chicken, lzwtltiio is a wolf, so dqyhumyaxfsb is not less likely to be in the oven than lzwtltiio
redmugtx is a chicken, anatqjnvbdk is a wolf, so anatqjnvbdk is not more likely to be in the oven than redmugtx
iirabrfpa is a chicken, jzbbaxc is a wolf, so jzbbaxc is not more likely to be in the oven than iirabrfpa
kcaogebcngf is a chicken, xad is a wolf, so xad is not more likely to be in the oven than kcaogebcngf
cbwoevorso is a chicken, jcn is a wolf, so jcn is not more likely to be in the oven than cbwoevorso
pdutqpp is a chicken, cpscr is a wolf, so cpscr is not more likely to be in the oven than pdutqpp
aqrfp is a cat, lawrllghm is a scorpion, so aqrfp is more likely to look at a king than lawrllghm
isdiualjco is a cat, clebpymljt is a scorpion, so isdiualjco is more likely to look at a king than clebpymljt
zxqyvw is a cat, qgcficjxr is a scorpion, so zxqyvw is more likely to look at a king than qgcficjxr
yugam is a cat, pwtnwmuzesyt is a scorpion, so yugam is more likely to look at a king than pwtnwmuzesyt
ajznplcbskh is a cat, bjkvif is a scorpion, so ajznplcbskh is more likely to look at a king than bjkvif
lpqnxj is a cat, fnmxreg is a scorpion, so fnmxreg is less likely to look at a king than lpqnxj
xfpod is a cat, wmxsvpo is a scorpion, so wmxsvpo is less likely to look at a king than xfpod
rjqynuqqvlc is a cat, imlaneasss is a scorpion, so imlaneasss is less likely to look at a king than rjqynuqqvlc
reuukgnq is a cat, dztq is a scorpion, so dztq is less likely to look at a king than reuukgnq
aknlvicdxdyk is a cat, rnsn is a scorpion, so rnsn is less likely to look at a king than aknlvicdxdyk
cwrndarmtojj is a cat, cvfq is a scorpion, so cwrndarmtojj is not less likely to look at a king than cvfq
yrkjobnj is a cat, vooztxovy is a scorpion, so yrkjobnj is not less likely to look at a king than vooztxovy
nivqoylnxa is a cat, jkaptrwyl is a scorpion, so nivqoylnxa is not less likely to look at a king than jkaptrwyl
jnbdsuwn is a cat, vflrzyvta is a scorpion, so jnbdsuwn is not less likely to look at a king than vflrzyvta
rkroianb is a cat, brd is a scorpion, so rkroianb is not less likely to look at a king than brd
gbrvbsq is a cat, tjjg is a scorpion, so tjjg is not more likely to look at a king than gbrvbsq
lleqitx is a cat, nmlkttyndlb is a scorpion, so nmlkttyndlb is not more likely to look at a king than lleqitx
olhnshj is a cat, gpygyadd is a scorpion, so gpygyadd is not more likely to look at a king than olhnshj
srcffr is a cat, dzyoklcco is a scorpion, so dzyoklcco is not more likely to look at a king than srcffr
pjvoatkhqzjc is a cat, wsvt is a scorpion, so wsvt is not more likely to look at a king than pjvoatkhqzjc
pudvj is a dog, ymolquzia is a fly, so pudvj is more likely to drink water than ymolquzia
xtdliemd is a dog, jevzu is a fly, so xtdliemd is more likely to drink water than jevzu
aepxueiyd is a dog, gqxcib is a fly, so aepxueiyd is more likely to drink water than gqxcib
yngtooaol is a dog, ovjg is a fly, so yngtooaol is more likely to drink water than ovjg
ahzju is a dog, ghckehivwwy is a fly, so ahzju is more likely to drink water than ghckehivwwy
jfkxj is a dog, shti is a fly, so shti is less likely to drink water than jfkxj
jogucfyy is a dog, ubiej is a fly, so ubiej is less likely to drink water than jogucfyy
cyyrzunos is a dog, bxnhlh is a fly, so bxnhlh is less likely to drink water than cyyrzunos
lcvyicwzdn is a dog, adpxxsrvr is a fly, so adpxxsrvr is less likely to drink water than lcvyicwzdn
lmdfotdxeh is a dog, awkfawx is a fly, so awkfawx is less likely to drink water than lmdfotdxeh
ikmljjldzt is a dog, vvygnmkifmhu is a fly, so ikmljjldzt is not less likely to drink water than vvygnmkifmhu
pyebmgluqjwt is a dog, sbbikwsd is a fly, so pyebmgluqjwt is not less likely to drink water than sbbikwsd
ofztwvo is a dog, kzo is a fly, so ofztwvo is not less likely to drink water than kzo
kzy is a dog, iym is a fly, so kzy is not less likely to drink water than iym
zjbpraskf is a dog, uuwsia is a fly, so zjbpraskf is not less likely to drink water than uuwsia
zaopjhvqawr is a dog, mzkxsberbou is a fly, so mzkxsberbou is not more likely to drink water than zaopjhvqawr
znmxasbttcd is a dog, dtzykg is a fly, so dtzykg is not more likely to drink water than znmxasbttcd
lywfpm is a dog, helclj is a fly, so helclj is not more likely to drink water than lywfpm
ilwczfxgmojk is a dog, rawwxkcgyne is a fly, so rawwxkcgyne is not more likely to drink water than ilwczfxgmojk
euxx is a dog, dfw is a fly, so dfw is not more likely to drink water than euxx
ouixwmikiuto is a spider, euqckjfmkc is a bird, so ouixwmikiuto is more likely to kill an insect than euqckjfmkc
port is a spider, jyaanjjc is a bird, so port is more likely to kill an insect than jyaanjjc
qrvlxflarsnv is a spider, sptzooz is a bird, so qrvlxflarsnv is more likely to kill an insect than sptzooz
yzmoopvyc is a spider, iqjqduiyxpal is a bird, so yzmoopvyc is more likely to kill an insect than iqjqduiyxpal
ezcnythuo is a spider, tvwoogjrsh is a bird, so ezcnythuo is more likely to kill an insect than tvwoogjrsh
fdo is a spider, ddjlp is a bird, so ddjlp is more likely to kill an insect than fdo
bkte is a spider, rlyhmihwqe is a bird, so rlyhmihwqe is more likely to kill an insect than bkte
bcowr is a spider, speob is a bird, so speob is more likely to kill an insect than bcowr
dzwqi is a spider, tehqhbdfpm is a bird, so tehqhbdfpm is more likely to kill an insect than dzwqi
glnpt is a spider, tcvqagycmcs is a bird, so tcvqagycmcs is more likely to kill an insect than glnpt
swixwatscev is a spider, wiaw is a bird, so swixwatscev is not less likely to kill an insect than wiaw
gxdsqkjwas is a spider, ivfawzpbrn is a bird, so gxdsqkjwas is not less likely to kill an insect than ivfawzpbrn
kwwwsu is a spider, rvrivdo is a bird, so kwwwsu is not less likely to kill an insect than rvrivdo
gvwlgpv is a spider, thd is a bird, so gvwlgpv is not less likely to kill an insect than thd
vtd is a spider, wuksmojd is a bird, so vtd is not less likely to kill an insect than wuksmojd
nylwjuq is a spider, esbk is a bird, so esbk is not more likely to kill an insect than nylwjuq
riydzuswwtjb is a spider, ueljyliedmpy is a bird, so ueljyliedmpy is not more likely to kill an insect than riydzuswwtjb
ymu is a spider, wmpknlpqub is a bird, so wmpknlpqub is not more likely to kill an insect than ymu
nyzuz is a spider, xovaudlu is a bird, so xovaudlu is not more likely to kill an insect than nyzuz
mjkxubwyh is a spider, jmg is a bird, so jmg is not more likely to kill an insect than mjkxubwyh
mqei is a snake, cmttl is a snail, so mqei is less likely to be in a tree than cmttl
asyvg is a snake, refajkcv is a snail, so asyvg is less likely to be in a tree than refajkcv
hiuvfskhtkkj is a snake, lqrycyayw is a snail, so hiuvfskhtkkj is less likely to be in a tree than lqrycyayw
szyhan is a snake, hgksxxcy is a snail, so szyhan is less likely to be in a tree than hgksxxcy
ecjwbod is a snake, vyupzbvbk is a snail, so ecjwbod is less likely to be in a tree than vyupzbvbk
anhfncisa is a snake, qnjhgr is a snail, so qnjhgr is less likely to be in a tree than anhfncisa
ssxb is a snake, hqawzlv is a snail, so hqawzlv is less likely to be in a tree than ssxb
frvbtte is a snake, foz is a snail, so foz is less likely to be in a tree than frvbtte
kfqssvyea is a snake, ealli is a snail, so ealli is less likely to be in a tree than kfqssvyea
lcaetdvd is a snake, rvjruzelq is a snail, so rvjruzelq is less likely to be in a tree than lcaetdvd
qrumvodv is a snake, kokyrs is a snail, so qrumvodv is not less likely to be in a tree than kokyrs
qgdmssccbnqz is a snake, gzdwwltcsgl is a snail, so qgdmssccbnqz is not less likely to be in a tree than gzdwwltcsgl
cvijrojw is a snake, innjlxu is a snail, so cvijrojw is not less likely to be in a tree than innjlxu
mmlw is a snake, jasgo is a snail, so mmlw is not less likely to be in a tree than jasgo
lyyw is a snake, ulizsaoivxe is a snail, so lyyw is not less likely to be in a tree than ulizsaoivxe
kpzapcquvp is a snake, sjxblm is a snail, so sjxblm is not more likely to be in a tree than kpzapcquvp
xwwekm is a snake, abejrsdv is a snail, so abejrsdv is not more likely to be in a tree than xwwekm
qjvgfdgttl is a snake, kauot is a snail, so kauot is not more likely to be in a tree than qjvgfdgttl
uzajnvgozl is a snake, yhoxus is a snail, so yhoxus is not more likely to be in a tree than uzajnvgozl
jpwbucllmorm is a snake, tqbls is a snail, so tqbls is not more likely to be in a tree than jpwbucllmorm
racwnhbdrlll is a deer, xlvscxukrn is a fly, so racwnhbdrlll is more long for water than xlvscxukrn
inkvugs is a deer, ukzfclpxzi is a fly, so inkvugs is more long for water than ukzfclpxzi
kvqezh is a deer, mgjg is a fly, so kvqezh is more long for water than mgjg
kloo is a deer, rqhexzyerif is a fly, so kloo is more long for water than rqhexzyerif
cie is a deer, rfoxntfaks is a fly, so cie is more long for water than rfoxntfaks
hcdinct is a deer, jvkphvpn is a fly, so jvkphvpn is less long for water than hcdinct
tzehyvtfj is a deer, zmtucnywcv is a fly, so zmtucnywcv is less long for water than tzehyvtfj
dczpdqun is a deer, jgawn is a fly, so jgawn is less long for water than dczpdqun
hxxd is a deer, ljejvbmep is a fly, so ljejvbmep is less long for water than hxxd
fjwnuhg is a deer, gfuwlq is a fly, so gfuwlq is less long for water than fjwnuhg
lvjnjfp is a deer, rjjwfjlzlcyt is a fly, so lvjnjfp is not less long for water than rjjwfjlzlcyt
gmbduximerxy is a deer, fqnwaorq is a fly, so gmbduximerxy is not less long for water than fqnwaorq
gftdrq is a deer, sjplaowjkhj is a fly, so gftdrq is not less long for water than sjplaowjkhj
ozxbvnmd is a deer, xvamqioninl is a fly, so ozxbvnmd is not less long for water than xvamqioninl
krwzhz is a deer, woqfkcyqdpe is a fly, so krwzhz is not less long for water than woqfkcyqdpe
fffm is a deer, cfrqwh is a fly, so cfrqwh is not more long for water than fffm
edlfqu is a deer, vqscuutjhrdu is a fly, so vqscuutjhrdu is not more long for water than edlfqu
uskhxsmuq is a deer, kiscuvitm is a fly, so kiscuvitm is not more long for water than uskhxsmuq
bsjlavnd is a deer, ygrixkqlrdll is a fly, so ygrixkqlrdll is not more long for water than bsjlavnd
vpkuigjj is a deer, uknnslalfdg is a fly, so uknnslalfdg is not more long for water than vpkuigjj
dcusqiq is a fish, nwvfkarx is a fly, so dcusqiq is less likely to attempt to fly than nwvfkarx
vqpg is a fish, cdd is a fly, so vqpg is less likely to attempt to fly than cdd
mhsvomifi is a fish, ashbvwegq is a fly, so mhsvomifi is less likely to attempt to fly than ashbvwegq
dou is a fish, ipd is a fly, so dou is less likely to attempt to fly than ipd
juramefpt is a fish, rcwyltvcbo is a fly, so juramefpt is less likely to attempt to fly than rcwyltvcbo
muhsbp is a fish, vdzshk is a fly, so vdzshk is less likely to attempt to fly than muhsbp
odmpcdwxejz is a fish, xjfw is a fly, so xjfw is less likely to attempt to fly than odmpcdwxejz
buzezbvmsqcc is a fish, ytjy is a fly, so ytjy is less likely to attempt to fly than buzezbvmsqcc
wdr is a fish, rlbnwk is a fly, so rlbnwk is less likely to attempt to fly than wdr
sgsfkxlivjnb is a fish, wowdhnesgqw is a fly, so wowdhnesgqw is less likely to attempt to fly than sgsfkxlivjnb
nmtwd is a fish, flsktcga is a fly, so nmtwd is not more likely to attempt to fly than flsktcga
fxbyzpzmsnnj is a fish, wqfdm is a fly, so fxbyzpzmsnnj is not more likely to attempt to fly than wqfdm
khrsdqpoksm is a fish, rkg is a fly, so khrsdqpoksm is not more likely to attempt to fly than rkg
huicrnfbjfd is a fish, sdwfnuhgvcmq is a fly, so huicrnfbjfd is not more likely to attempt to fly than sdwfnuhgvcmq
kvgml is a fish, sofgtctpy is a fly, so kvgml is not more likely to attempt to fly than sofgtctpy
tjuxcfpdgydt is a fish, xbgu is a fly, so xbgu is not more likely to attempt to fly than tjuxcfpdgydt
thcb is a fish, iwqkrcs is a fly, so iwqkrcs is not more likely to attempt to fly than thcb
xne is a fish, wuwyxyibnzdc is a fly, so wuwyxyibnzdc is not more likely to attempt to fly than xne
lxzgpwcdfg is a fish, dqnbdifnqxs is a fly, so dqnbdifnqxs is not more likely to attempt to fly than lxzgpwcdfg
shyibetxirl is a fish, pnwxvyux is a fly, so pnwxvyux is not more likely to attempt to fly than shyibetxirl
lkpnvi is a sheep, phrgdpvegxv is a monkey, so lkpnvi is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than phrgdpvegxv
dlhelq is a sheep, mweccrykk is a monkey, so dlhelq is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than mweccrykk
btxnxspukr is a sheep, apiq is a monkey, so btxnxspukr is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than apiq
tqgxb is a sheep, omgb is a monkey, so tqgxb is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than omgb
vign is a sheep, qoos is a monkey, so vign is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than qoos
taupupa is a sheep, yusldekzhhh is a monkey, so yusldekzhhh is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than taupupa
kqddl is a sheep, gsqgaqas is a monkey, so gsqgaqas is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than kqddl
qrzgoc is a sheep, lklns is a monkey, so lklns is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than qrzgoc
kldyhgpnsiu is a sheep, tgs is a monkey, so tgs is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than kldyhgpnsiu
rhsyypbb is a sheep, hnljoeve is a monkey, so hnljoeve is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than rhsyypbb
gjheahjnesp is a sheep, iuhtldnvw is a monkey, so gjheahjnesp is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than iuhtldnvw
dcv is a sheep, luwojqrb is a monkey, so dcv is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than luwojqrb
xjitxep is a sheep, ybbkmik is a monkey, so xjitxep is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than ybbkmik
qid is a sheep, dbkzrvytlmf is a monkey, so qid is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than dbkzrvytlmf
mpgwvuws is a sheep, awyuvxzhv is a monkey, so mpgwvuws is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than awyuvxzhv
aqcini is a sheep, gstiioziqh is a monkey, so gstiioziqh is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than aqcini
gsli is a sheep, lopxtsimdold is a monkey, so lopxtsimdold is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than gsli
htlccbh is a sheep, wlwp is a monkey, so wlwp is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than htlccbh
ynppxags is a sheep, njrfozmiaco is a monkey, so njrfozmiaco is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than ynppxags
iimgz is a sheep, cpfldc is a monkey, so cpfldc is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than iimgz
gagcepefc is a lion, cqs is a duck, so gagcepefc is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than cqs
obxqbw is a lion, tikswcbwa is a duck, so obxqbw is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than tikswcbwa
poffjd is a lion, qmij is a duck, so poffjd is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than qmij
xbdxmycmqhx is a lion, khcn is a duck, so xbdxmycmqhx is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than khcn
wsmtqml is a lion, xei is a duck, so wsmtqml is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than xei
ovletvjub is a lion, klcry is a duck, so klcry is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than ovletvjub
zytqjvirqfcq is a lion, jftzvtgz is a duck, so jftzvtgz is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than zytqjvirqfcq
eyu is a lion, locshpey is a duck, so locshpey is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than eyu
jszg is a lion, bbohsq is a duck, so bbohsq is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than jszg
ypa is a lion, lef is a duck, so lef is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than ypa
nnhr is a lion, nauczdvvbh is a duck, so nnhr is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than nauczdvvbh
bsyhzcf is a lion, pxunsh is a duck, so bsyhzcf is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than pxunsh
ajb is a lion, kdvkmtnnfd is a duck, so ajb is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than kdvkmtnnfd
tpjgbqujeveo is a lion, gglal is a duck, so tpjgbqujeveo is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than gglal
ppryosaasgiz is a lion, lafieo is a duck, so ppryosaasgiz is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than lafieo
cywjtvw is a lion, jjiscbfvmsl is a duck, so jjiscbfvmsl is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than cywjtvw
cmwhxbunme is a lion, vfwj is a duck, so vfwj is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than cmwhxbunme
jaa is a lion, cgpzka is a duck, so cgpzka is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than jaa
zzw is a lion, wczgbloulk is a duck, so wczgbloulk is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than zzw
gfc is a lion, xuz is a duck, so xuz is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than gfc
tgejpbxjmca is a elephant, vqsaylmih is a chicken, so tgejpbxjmca is more likely to be in africa than vqsaylmih
dpbyyugosoc is a elephant, rso is a chicken, so dpbyyugosoc is more likely to be in africa than rso
awykkfmc is a elephant, oljd is a chicken, so awykkfmc is more likely to be in africa than oljd
haqcdngvuhg is a elephant, xmgvuujut is a chicken, so haqcdngvuhg is more likely to be in africa than xmgvuujut
vlgqtxfg is a elephant, bsxovkxpmlz is a chicken, so vlgqtxfg is more likely to be in africa than bsxovkxpmlz
swsk is a elephant, wdtp is a chicken, so wdtp is less likely to be in africa than swsk
hbpscywcugdd is a elephant, wlyohriwemyn is a chicken, so wlyohriwemyn is less likely to be in africa than hbpscywcugdd
rcuknzqn is a elephant, crnui is a chicken, so crnui is less likely to be in africa than rcuknzqn
svjbdu is a elephant, unlp is a chicken, so unlp is less likely to be in africa than svjbdu
ofx is a elephant, esde is a chicken, so esde is less likely to be in africa than ofx
nnhqzw is a elephant, xoodncxyudtn is a chicken, so nnhqzw is not less likely to be in africa than xoodncxyudtn
jwpyq is a elephant, aah is a chicken, so jwpyq is not less likely to be in africa than aah
mls is a elephant, tbeeaginwps is a chicken, so mls is not less likely to be in africa than tbeeaginwps
amhrzwss is a elephant, jkc is a chicken, so amhrzwss is not less likely to be in africa than jkc
dctzlwp is a elephant, fcrzheqaygy is a chicken, so dctzlwp is not less likely to be in africa than fcrzheqaygy
qxpodblkcg is a elephant, cgqtazshime is a chicken, so cgqtazshime is not more likely to be in africa than qxpodblkcg
cuuruql is a elephant, gsullglmm is a chicken, so gsullglmm is not more likely to be in africa than cuuruql
yobqwi is a elephant, jwrxyezribag is a chicken, so jwrxyezribag is not more likely to be in africa than yobqwi
jnua is a elephant, kjathvgswk is a chicken, so kjathvgswk is not more likely to be in africa than jnua
fziglmd is a elephant, mjl is a chicken, so mjl is not more likely to be in africa than fziglmd
nsur is a goat, auzlpmgu is a panda, so nsur is less likely to be in a petting zoo than auzlpmgu
mqzd is a goat, jsxpvh is a panda, so mqzd is less likely to be in a petting zoo than jsxpvh
jygxxjx is a goat, vzbtknkayc is a panda, so jygxxjx is less likely to be in a petting zoo than vzbtknkayc
ulkjamddpbj is a goat, pywealbaipxw is a panda, so ulkjamddpbj is less likely to be in a petting zoo than pywealbaipxw
drfqntqqaxdu is a goat, zbbdjkcuw is a panda, so drfqntqqaxdu is less likely to be in a petting zoo than zbbdjkcuw
zlkevjr is a goat, fsydpjsubrr is a panda, so fsydpjsubrr is less likely to be in a petting zoo than zlkevjr
ixprwmspengn is a goat, nrbzctkfttdx is a panda, so nrbzctkfttdx is less likely to be in a petting zoo than ixprwmspengn
wqxpybyc is a goat, byigcs is a panda, so byigcs is less likely to be in a petting zoo than wqxpybyc
vdiyxfz is a goat, tgktv is a panda, so tgktv is less likely to be in a petting zoo than vdiyxfz
kinntxq is a goat, ygtecepfuh is a panda, so ygtecepfuh is less likely to be in a petting zoo than kinntxq
jbui is a goat, yrdbsshecurx is a panda, so jbui is not less likely to be in a petting zoo than yrdbsshecurx
rkonyyogdzw is a goat, dzuxkkgchx is a panda, so rkonyyogdzw is not less likely to be in a petting zoo than dzuxkkgchx
kktoabpdzkmo is a goat, rhnysg is a panda, so kktoabpdzkmo is not less likely to be in a petting zoo than rhnysg
ujymcp is a goat, pkarujqv is a panda, so ujymcp is not less likely to be in a petting zoo than pkarujqv
vmuwoyixlgmh is a goat, tqdkbwdgtv is a panda, so vmuwoyixlgmh is not less likely to be in a petting zoo than tqdkbwdgtv
qdwuoglo is a goat, dqyldizim is a panda, so dqyldizim is not more likely to be in a petting zoo than qdwuoglo
guslfmzghmq is a goat, tkdnoo is a panda, so tkdnoo is not more likely to be in a petting zoo than guslfmzghmq
lozvhsl is a goat, ahiol is a panda, so ahiol is not more likely to be in a petting zoo than lozvhsl
ixgjstngzqnf is a goat, zpf is a panda, so zpf is not more likely to be in a petting zoo than ixgjstngzqnf
ngyjgbpr is a goat, heopjgaluz is a panda, so heopjgaluz is not more likely to be in a petting zoo than ngyjgbpr
fzgwmvorpvvq is a fish, lmuqbotpytet is a owl, so fzgwmvorpvvq is more likely to be in a stream than lmuqbotpytet
egakv is a fish, bkjwgfjfnio is a owl, so egakv is more likely to be in a stream than bkjwgfjfnio
bwpkaxbper is a fish, vamaps is a owl, so bwpkaxbper is more likely to be in a stream than vamaps
iepuwm is a fish, lwfbguhiu is a owl, so iepuwm is more likely to be in a stream than lwfbguhiu
gzeekueyr is a fish, meyyzzmjmxh is a owl, so gzeekueyr is more likely to be in a stream than meyyzzmjmxh
cibuagsftvup is a fish, qhwoanlvh is a owl, so qhwoanlvh is less likely to be in a stream than cibuagsftvup
ghnctzlanrp is a fish, wubkboawmaoa is a owl, so wubkboawmaoa is less likely to be in a stream than ghnctzlanrp
saxdpeqlfzs is a fish, ichtcdvn is a owl, so ichtcdvn is less likely to be in a stream than saxdpeqlfzs
wciip is a fish, pibdqid is a owl, so pibdqid is less likely to be in a stream than wciip
obdyve is a fish, xlqurrm is a owl, so xlqurrm is less likely to be in a stream than obdyve
rkgerwjj is a fish, bblufkl is a owl, so rkgerwjj is not less likely to be in a stream than bblufkl
lmtnkjr is a fish, dqccv is a owl, so lmtnkjr is not less likely to be in a stream than dqccv
efykvtrjtgcc is a fish, ekedyewmc is a owl, so efykvtrjtgcc is not less likely to be in a stream than ekedyewmc
vbavdhxdia is a fish, mnijgr is a owl, so vbavdhxdia is not less likely to be in a stream than mnijgr
shxtxiogil is a fish, qzowmh is a owl, so shxtxiogil is not less likely to be in a stream than qzowmh
xhumoikk is a fish, jgc is a owl, so jgc is not more likely to be in a stream than xhumoikk
ussfznwtx is a fish, kbth is a owl, so kbth is not more likely to be in a stream than ussfznwtx
btqhp is a fish, rrsssdwmuwga is a owl, so rrsssdwmuwga is not more likely to be in a stream than btqhp
oynfitht is a fish, mqovemy is a owl, so mqovemy is not more likely to be in a stream than oynfitht
heuhougt is a fish, eraatilmx is a owl, so eraatilmx is not more likely to be in a stream than heuhougt
mgk is a bird, myxe is a zebra, so mgk is more likely to be in a tree than myxe
himfoczbvabm is a bird, rkezh is a zebra, so himfoczbvabm is more likely to be in a tree than rkezh
dxxtfvhsiqcu is a bird, lrgjun is a zebra, so dxxtfvhsiqcu is more likely to be in a tree than lrgjun
bgxzdxplof is a bird, nlsmjilbmkkp is a zebra, so bgxzdxplof is more likely to be in a tree than nlsmjilbmkkp
iksxz is a bird, wwbqvsb is a zebra, so iksxz is more likely to be in a tree than wwbqvsb
zbrbonfqq is a bird, ajkgefvnls is a zebra, so ajkgefvnls is less likely to be in a tree than zbrbonfqq
xwcfuysy is a bird, abyurum is a zebra, so abyurum is less likely to be in a tree than xwcfuysy
ewzzuk is a bird, uoeitgbwqehp is a zebra, so uoeitgbwqehp is less likely to be in a tree than ewzzuk
jwkughvr is a bird, yugqbitt is a zebra, so yugqbitt is less likely to be in a tree than jwkughvr
xnk is a bird, jmdjg is a zebra, so jmdjg is less likely to be in a tree than xnk
cgzwkktif is a bird, ken is a zebra, so cgzwkktif is not less likely to be in a tree than ken
yfwzv is a bird, hrtjkwbgf is a zebra, so yfwzv is not less likely to be in a tree than hrtjkwbgf
gayug is a bird, ifzg is a zebra, so gayug is not less likely to be in a tree than ifzg
sjpgs is a bird, dpcqthzufndd is a zebra, so sjpgs is not less likely to be in a tree than dpcqthzufndd
heigbwhgg is a bird, umagsotdqfc is a zebra, so heigbwhgg is not less likely to be in a tree than umagsotdqfc
kbxvlahkd is a bird, wrb is a zebra, so wrb is not more likely to be in a tree than kbxvlahkd
wjbgoeaolioc is a bird, juvx is a zebra, so juvx is not more likely to be in a tree than wjbgoeaolioc
fbmochaa is a bird, fvjrcfau is a zebra, so fvjrcfau is not more likely to be in a tree than fbmochaa
szw is a bird, gnxriizacbtl is a zebra, so gnxriizacbtl is not more likely to be in a tree than szw
jwzjgeyhkgrd is a bird, isuhopz is a zebra, so isuhopz is not more likely to be in a tree than jwzjgeyhkgrd
vwdcd is a fish, bkl is a lobster, so vwdcd is more likely to live underwater than bkl
zqxjbkirfgn is a fish, jqbjl is a lobster, so zqxjbkirfgn is more likely to live underwater than jqbjl
pczprz is a fish, oxouu is a lobster, so pczprz is more likely to live underwater than oxouu
hyedvrbhxpwl is a fish, zsvomzpyrdt is a lobster, so hyedvrbhxpwl is more likely to live underwater than zsvomzpyrdt
jhhdllat is a fish, cgtm is a lobster, so jhhdllat is more likely to live underwater than cgtm
qonreflbbdkl is a fish, rdzfqn is a lobster, so rdzfqn is less likely to live underwater than qonreflbbdkl
lqdqen is a fish, xqhdqpmvb is a lobster, so xqhdqpmvb is less likely to live underwater than lqdqen
gua is a fish, oogxkzi is a lobster, so oogxkzi is less likely to live underwater than gua
mmaruh is a fish, xtwkie is a lobster, so xtwkie is less likely to live underwater than mmaruh
cmsljqxfe is a fish, yamzz is a lobster, so yamzz is less likely to live underwater than cmsljqxfe
nujlka is a fish, gsgmvxgwe is a lobster, so nujlka is not less likely to live underwater than gsgmvxgwe
vaiszkk is a fish, usz is a lobster, so vaiszkk is not less likely to live underwater than usz
jhzzzspoqkln is a fish, djeubeuzxgp is a lobster, so jhzzzspoqkln is not less likely to live underwater than djeubeuzxgp
ifoxcld is a fish, hcv is a lobster, so ifoxcld is not less likely to live underwater than hcv
tppn is a fish, pxvmzww is a lobster, so tppn is not less likely to live underwater than pxvmzww
lwjh is a fish, lps is a lobster, so lps is not more likely to live underwater than lwjh
sdi is a fish, qhpkv is a lobster, so qhpkv is not more likely to live underwater than sdi
byzpmqhyhv is a fish, lbzjmptgqtjf is a lobster, so lbzjmptgqtjf is not more likely to live underwater than byzpmqhyhv
jazmvqjf is a fish, rqlkn is a lobster, so rqlkn is not more likely to live underwater than jazmvqjf
sbtjk is a fish, lrjdmkqzef is a lobster, so lrjdmkqzef is not more likely to live underwater than sbtjk
uhpstiquux is a bird, zgifmdxnrz is a hippopotamus, so uhpstiquux is more likely to be on a roof than zgifmdxnrz
otp is a bird, qcae is a hippopotamus, so otp is more likely to be on a roof than qcae
uhgibour is a bird, mdkfmmu is a hippopotamus, so uhgibour is more likely to be on a roof than mdkfmmu
notnmztjcgoa is a bird, zmdcntqya is a hippopotamus, so notnmztjcgoa is more likely to be on a roof than zmdcntqya
smgybponb is a bird, hbqkwdj is a hippopotamus, so smgybponb is more likely to be on a roof than hbqkwdj
fxsd is a bird, lyyfoeym is a hippopotamus, so lyyfoeym is less likely to be on a roof than fxsd
uikz is a bird, hwwumaxzcacd is a hippopotamus, so hwwumaxzcacd is less likely to be on a roof than uikz
kzdaaryxj is a bird, cut is a hippopotamus, so cut is less likely to be on a roof than kzdaaryxj
iypbt is a bird, oypdsow is a hippopotamus, so oypdsow is less likely to be on a roof than iypbt
grisomu is a bird, jkhar is a hippopotamus, so jkhar is less likely to be on a roof than grisomu
axamrlel is a bird, shb is a hippopotamus, so axamrlel is not less likely to be on a roof than shb
qmbfziz is a bird, fwkhneesteq is a hippopotamus, so qmbfziz is not less likely to be on a roof than fwkhneesteq
bkhnvqvbh is a bird, vjd is a hippopotamus, so bkhnvqvbh is not less likely to be on a roof than vjd
xdxt is a bird, xsihijx is a hippopotamus, so xdxt is not less likely to be on a roof than xsihijx
qvluojdwi is a bird, uaug is a hippopotamus, so qvluojdwi is not less likely to be on a roof than uaug
yfgoiyyxf is a bird, bncyeyxj is a hippopotamus, so bncyeyxj is not more likely to be on a roof than yfgoiyyxf
ipl is a bird, udkxj is a hippopotamus, so udkxj is not more likely to be on a roof than ipl
xvqofu is a bird, zfs is a hippopotamus, so zfs is not more likely to be on a roof than xvqofu
qos is a bird, rpjh is a hippopotamus, so rpjh is not more likely to be on a roof than qos
qkrwbb is a bird, dbqyql is a hippopotamus, so dbqyql is not more likely to be on a roof than qkrwbb
sujzozjdvbfi is a bee, anky is a dolphin, so sujzozjdvbfi is more likely to be in a meadow than anky
kkwliajue is a bee, ipgc is a dolphin, so kkwliajue is more likely to be in a meadow than ipgc
pgnnnpqp is a bee, gqrthmqugsmu is a dolphin, so pgnnnpqp is more likely to be in a meadow than gqrthmqugsmu
nrxfrlxipre is a bee, xadqb is a dolphin, so nrxfrlxipre is more likely to be in a meadow than xadqb
ryfcnwbrewap is a bee, gltxbsv is a dolphin, so ryfcnwbrewap is more likely to be in a meadow than gltxbsv
zrpfxurz is a bee, hokqzbvtwscb is a dolphin, so hokqzbvtwscb is less likely to be in a meadow than zrpfxurz
ezhfpkmcizlh is a bee, jhnffnidz is a dolphin, so jhnffnidz is less likely to be in a meadow than ezhfpkmcizlh
xkxw is a bee, txlhqbcvud is a dolphin, so txlhqbcvud is less likely to be in a meadow than xkxw
fmtjhsedugr is a bee, wtocrberulm is a dolphin, so wtocrberulm is less likely to be in a meadow than fmtjhsedugr
amegdhkb is a bee, xtkfh is a dolphin, so xtkfh is less likely to be in a meadow than amegdhkb
zuqju is a bee, sgwb is a dolphin, so zuqju is not less likely to be in a meadow than sgwb
ykqbqu is a bee, iycxcrbizqpc is a dolphin, so ykqbqu is not less likely to be in a meadow than iycxcrbizqpc
vbun is a bee, jnzhwkd is a dolphin, so vbun is not less likely to be in a meadow than jnzhwkd
bhtecgfh is a bee, kbvwqeuqy is a dolphin, so bhtecgfh is not less likely to be in a meadow than kbvwqeuqy
owichghlxxsf is a bee, xnsdkwqcybb is a dolphin, so owichghlxxsf is not less likely to be in a meadow than xnsdkwqcybb
mhwvkl is a bee, bmnf is a dolphin, so bmnf is not more likely to be in a meadow than mhwvkl
poifmtblsdrc is a bee, vfmhgvkqzsn is a dolphin, so vfmhgvkqzsn is not more likely to be in a meadow than poifmtblsdrc
ybspw is a bee, eidl is a dolphin, so eidl is not more likely to be in a meadow than ybspw
paplv is a bee, fjgr is a dolphin, so fjgr is not more likely to be in a meadow than paplv
sucdx is a bee, uudmoxct is a dolphin, so uudmoxct is not more likely to be in a meadow than sucdx
tnmwy is a fish, mnfqkfeofjay is a rat, so tnmwy is more likely to live in lakes than mnfqkfeofjay
aococi is a fish, pxjkvbeg is a rat, so aococi is more likely to live in lakes than pxjkvbeg
erdysllribgm is a fish, eizahrqsau is a rat, so erdysllribgm is more likely to live in lakes than eizahrqsau
hweidba is a fish, jhx is a rat, so hweidba is more likely to live in lakes than jhx
jnj is a fish, lorswvoncg is a rat, so jnj is more likely to live in lakes than lorswvoncg
uwoqxcxgxcau is a fish, flfg is a rat, so flfg is less likely to live in lakes than uwoqxcxgxcau
vwlifwywhndc is a fish, dwgvqdlaga is a rat, so dwgvqdlaga is less likely to live in lakes than vwlifwywhndc
ygz is a fish, rmeooc is a rat, so rmeooc is less likely to live in lakes than ygz
tvmhmpb is a fish, jhgfhzumwc is a rat, so jhgfhzumwc is less likely to live in lakes than tvmhmpb
miolyiv is a fish, xtwgzur is a rat, so xtwgzur is less likely to live in lakes than miolyiv
yusownuvc is a fish, nrcdwrpyyr is a rat, so yusownuvc is not less likely to live in lakes than nrcdwrpyyr
wvvgjmcroc is a fish, bdctdzm is a rat, so wvvgjmcroc is not less likely to live in lakes than bdctdzm
uzlbecwakarh is a fish, gam is a rat, so uzlbecwakarh is not less likely to live in lakes than gam
ryriobhj is a fish, ukmrczskbde is a rat, so ryriobhj is not less likely to live in lakes than ukmrczskbde
xykntbwt is a fish, sdkfiw is a rat, so xykntbwt is not less likely to live in lakes than sdkfiw
fxpqn is a fish, jjxgutzo is a rat, so jjxgutzo is not more likely to live in lakes than fxpqn
hmvyaqwr is a fish, afrw is a rat, so afrw is not more likely to live in lakes than hmvyaqwr
zgedjfeq is a fish, ivgi is a rat, so ivgi is not more likely to live in lakes than zgedjfeq
sbcaiqqzlwce is a fish, rgpwbidowz is a rat, so rgpwbidowz is not more likely to live in lakes than sbcaiqqzlwce
yjiwulhoqfh is a fish, pzmomlq is a rat, so pzmomlq is not more likely to live in lakes than yjiwulhoqfh
dlhlheshzq is a bear, enkhps is a cat, so dlhlheshzq is more likely to hunt a rabbit than enkhps
pojbztzh is a bear, ddhqd is a cat, so pojbztzh is more likely to hunt a rabbit than ddhqd
vze is a bear, ktdl is a cat, so vze is more likely to hunt a rabbit than ktdl
sxkfqium is a bear, mdnwvmzn is a cat, so sxkfqium is more likely to hunt a rabbit than mdnwvmzn
lcanfxvcmwhh is a bear, gsziunecdcnj is a cat, so lcanfxvcmwhh is more likely to hunt a rabbit than gsziunecdcnj
drj is a bear, ohkrqxio is a cat, so ohkrqxio is less likely to hunt a rabbit than drj
nzscxwmyxts is a bear, mabrbkk is a cat, so mabrbkk is less likely to hunt a rabbit than nzscxwmyxts
azsyiwribo is a bear, vvecplfkc is a cat, so vvecplfkc is less likely to hunt a rabbit than azsyiwribo
khphxdftlwq is a bear, zwbdpyk is a cat, so zwbdpyk is less likely to hunt a rabbit than khphxdftlwq
souayiq is a bear, kgr is a cat, so kgr is less likely to hunt a rabbit than souayiq
wjy is a bear, axkwhizugt is a cat, so wjy is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than axkwhizugt
irhn is a bear, qnfrxofnhjp is a cat, so irhn is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than qnfrxofnhjp
cxfcpjn is a bear, fcml is a cat, so cxfcpjn is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than fcml
yzu is a bear, lyovrbfvwne is a cat, so yzu is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than lyovrbfvwne
lbzzfpkzn is a bear, idci is a cat, so lbzzfpkzn is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than idci
lblesz is a bear, efc is a cat, so efc is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than lblesz
nyxksfwh is a bear, wwx is a cat, so wwx is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than nyxksfwh
ohudgydf is a bear, gxnvititw is a cat, so gxnvititw is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than ohudgydf
ghucqz is a bear, aortipxvsknw is a cat, so aortipxvsknw is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than ghucqz
fnmlysltrwij is a bear, qfsicqsfph is a cat, so qfsicqsfph is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than fnmlysltrwij
cpbjavl is a cat, mtarx is a snail, so cpbjavl is less likely to corner a mouse than mtarx
lhqmi is a cat, gavrrew is a snail, so lhqmi is less likely to corner a mouse than gavrrew
eduyndcji is a cat, qdibqm is a snail, so eduyndcji is less likely to corner a mouse than qdibqm
jlkfg is a cat, vcznbh is a snail, so jlkfg is less likely to corner a mouse than vcznbh
laf is a cat, fkzcbinfx is a snail, so laf is less likely to corner a mouse than fkzcbinfx
rtz is a cat, sjluubbt is a snail, so sjluubbt is less likely to corner a mouse than rtz
aoeyrbojkj is a cat, zlqhnpom is a snail, so zlqhnpom is less likely to corner a mouse than aoeyrbojkj
qskfqsij is a cat, oujfxl is a snail, so oujfxl is less likely to corner a mouse than qskfqsij
gyq is a cat, kfhuothqbkqr is a snail, so kfhuothqbkqr is less likely to corner a mouse than gyq
honxs is a cat, ooza is a snail, so ooza is less likely to corner a mouse than honxs
wtrhlojebhd is a cat, wlfontbmg is a snail, so wtrhlojebhd is not less likely to corner a mouse than wlfontbmg
mvjyu is a cat, ujdtllb is a snail, so mvjyu is not less likely to corner a mouse than ujdtllb
daize is a cat, vgsncjxmz is a snail, so daize is not less likely to corner a mouse than vgsncjxmz
adbllrsw is a cat, eenuhz is a snail, so adbllrsw is not less likely to corner a mouse than eenuhz
uumvuvy is a cat, ppikycq is a snail, so uumvuvy is not less likely to corner a mouse than ppikycq
ime is a cat, zndofjlimmjl is a snail, so zndofjlimmjl is not more likely to corner a mouse than ime
mikttnxviinp is a cat, ojg is a snail, so ojg is not more likely to corner a mouse than mikttnxviinp
tdogkgvrac is a cat, pojobahi is a snail, so pojobahi is not more likely to corner a mouse than tdogkgvrac
bmlsshgxtdek is a cat, lgnlcxz is a snail, so lgnlcxz is not more likely to corner a mouse than bmlsshgxtdek
ycuodg is a cat, dhfjxxzqwamv is a snail, so dhfjxxzqwamv is not more likely to corner a mouse than ycuodg
xoa is a cow, rrmrjldybdvb is a rabbit, so xoa is less low at milking time than rrmrjldybdvb
qaagcc is a cow, cdmfvcas is a rabbit, so qaagcc is less low at milking time than cdmfvcas
irvwfnh is a cow, jihx is a rabbit, so irvwfnh is less low at milking time than jihx
aerxvmgu is a cow, xmro is a rabbit, so aerxvmgu is less low at milking time than xmro
xmd is a cow, prslpjy is a rabbit, so xmd is less low at milking time than prslpjy
dtkb is a cow, hhs is a rabbit, so hhs is less low at milking time than dtkb
clqbkt is a cow, jerd is a rabbit, so jerd is less low at milking time than clqbkt
ufiwdibez is a cow, xtaapq is a rabbit, so xtaapq is less low at milking time than ufiwdibez
xggjbufx is a cow, zjpdiqa is a rabbit, so zjpdiqa is less low at milking time than xggjbufx
tysq is a cow, lnzyolayvgr is a rabbit, so lnzyolayvgr is less low at milking time than tysq
ryzw is a cow, gowm is a rabbit, so ryzw is not less low at milking time than gowm
klyqyd is a cow, ajqz is a rabbit, so klyqyd is not less low at milking time than ajqz
qrjhcfyorgtb is a cow, pdygqljdpv is a rabbit, so qrjhcfyorgtb is not less low at milking time than pdygqljdpv
oli is a cow, pqhubyw is a rabbit, so oli is not less low at milking time than pqhubyw
hdipikbv is a cow, jknvwhlq is a rabbit, so hdipikbv is not less low at milking time than jknvwhlq
vvaa is a cow, eluavptad is a rabbit, so eluavptad is not more low at milking time than vvaa
szmd is a cow, yahqpl is a rabbit, so yahqpl is not more low at milking time than szmd
pvruqywnxrc is a cow, zpjs is a rabbit, so zpjs is not more low at milking time than pvruqywnxrc
sqpu is a cow, lykrtwdkpwnv is a rabbit, so lykrtwdkpwnv is not more low at milking time than sqpu
azsbdlu is a cow, awyttxs is a rabbit, so awyttxs is not more low at milking time than azsbdlu
ncbfuptrwdcq is a alligator, acewdaqnbz is a dolphin, so ncbfuptrwdcq is more likely to be in a swamp than acewdaqnbz
jboyplbfs is a alligator, hhuux is a dolphin, so jboyplbfs is more likely to be in a swamp than hhuux
lhdsketlxy is a alligator, biraa is a dolphin, so lhdsketlxy is more likely to be in a swamp than biraa
uxuehzar is a alligator, elu is a dolphin, so uxuehzar is more likely to be in a swamp than elu
soxkkgb is a alligator, nowfyeryb is a dolphin, so soxkkgb is more likely to be in a swamp than nowfyeryb
mna is a alligator, viigvhoqf is a dolphin, so viigvhoqf is less likely to be in a swamp than mna
gflgqvvndnd is a alligator, ffuttqoh is a dolphin, so ffuttqoh is less likely to be in a swamp than gflgqvvndnd
utydwbzsrbp is a alligator, rblgblnrdpc is a dolphin, so rblgblnrdpc is less likely to be in a swamp than utydwbzsrbp
whtg is a alligator, vvuirbswbj is a dolphin, so vvuirbswbj is less likely to be in a swamp than whtg
uhoojhhkqtcr is a alligator, wuwav is a dolphin, so wuwav is less likely to be in a swamp than uhoojhhkqtcr
kiyafhzmyb is a alligator, lisrysxr is a dolphin, so kiyafhzmyb is not less likely to be in a swamp than lisrysxr
avidz is a alligator, cwgzjogwwnes is a dolphin, so avidz is not less likely to be in a swamp than cwgzjogwwnes
hjeo is a alligator, njegnrllr is a dolphin, so hjeo is not less likely to be in a swamp than njegnrllr
zxvtlcaiaj is a alligator, hnwqxifmqmg is a dolphin, so zxvtlcaiaj is not less likely to be in a swamp than hnwqxifmqmg
lyurvdok is a alligator, xetmvyevbsy is a dolphin, so lyurvdok is not less likely to be in a swamp than xetmvyevbsy
fagm is a alligator, lgxqtkcdsnn is a dolphin, so lgxqtkcdsnn is not more likely to be in a swamp than fagm
owozgo is a alligator, qhceovtfi is a dolphin, so qhceovtfi is not more likely to be in a swamp than owozgo
lgblr is a alligator, hdmnhcddu is a dolphin, so hdmnhcddu is not more likely to be in a swamp than lgblr
amcjkwpgjt is a alligator, olauzsbft is a dolphin, so olauzsbft is not more likely to be in a swamp than amcjkwpgjt
zacmwjojjup is a alligator, nkmjzzuvpq is a dolphin, so nkmjzzuvpq is not more likely to be in a swamp than zacmwjojjup
chbxnndhf is a tiger, twctxqr is a rabbit, so chbxnndhf is more likely to spring from the bush than twctxqr
khzhhkuag is a tiger, atfeuuqb is a rabbit, so khzhhkuag is more likely to spring from the bush than atfeuuqb
buffp is a tiger, lxazw is a rabbit, so buffp is more likely to spring from the bush than lxazw
kyfhmnytkc is a tiger, kgxae is a rabbit, so kyfhmnytkc is more likely to spring from the bush than kgxae
przl is a tiger, tvpessw is a rabbit, so przl is more likely to spring from the bush than tvpessw
uxnajcmsnn is a tiger, llvhqehflbhb is a rabbit, so llvhqehflbhb is less likely to spring from the bush than uxnajcmsnn
fqxf is a tiger, llmrddjaov is a rabbit, so llmrddjaov is less likely to spring from the bush than fqxf
ablgpofadvy is a tiger, jvsblijexx is a rabbit, so jvsblijexx is less likely to spring from the bush than ablgpofadvy
zxnovpocu is a tiger, kujmcsqcdw is a rabbit, so kujmcsqcdw is less likely to spring from the bush than zxnovpocu
ittplgeehl is a tiger, pprzwdznlv is a rabbit, so pprzwdznlv is less likely to spring from the bush than ittplgeehl
dwxnnwnqbc is a tiger, xlkmhej is a rabbit, so dwxnnwnqbc is not less likely to spring from the bush than xlkmhej
wslshwfwj is a tiger, mokpntvzbcsk is a rabbit, so wslshwfwj is not less likely to spring from the bush than mokpntvzbcsk
pugywfmmksh is a tiger, kbbiuev is a rabbit, so pugywfmmksh is not less likely to spring from the bush than kbbiuev
sbnkm is a tiger, fryloilfy is a rabbit, so sbnkm is not less likely to spring from the bush than fryloilfy
pxasnibgufdq is a tiger, orjag is a rabbit, so pxasnibgufdq is not less likely to spring from the bush than orjag
lrpwmviftq is a tiger, awjafjqslimp is a rabbit, so awjafjqslimp does not spring from the bush more than lrpwmviftq
rjqhcjyg is a tiger, cqgu is a rabbit, so cqgu does not spring from the bush more than rjqhcjyg
ryd is a tiger, cfsrxzapbugl is a rabbit, so cfsrxzapbugl does not spring from the bush more than ryd
jeudgkpzedxj is a tiger, ipamimyo is a rabbit, so ipamimyo does not spring from the bush more than jeudgkpzedxj
rtynndhp is a tiger, mfevafhuuywg is a rabbit, so mfevafhuuywg does not spring from the bush more than rtynndhp
umqkwykjsijb is a bird, ashlurnhmnb is a eagle, so umqkwykjsijb is more likely to build a nest than ashlurnhmnb
jguemfwrgcnk is a bird, yjk is a eagle, so jguemfwrgcnk is more likely to build a nest than yjk
sntgqx is a bird, gshddoqboeqd is a eagle, so sntgqx is more likely to build a nest than gshddoqboeqd
fjcqdlkxu is a bird, xlix is a eagle, so fjcqdlkxu is more likely to build a nest than xlix
snt is a bird, zxwavb is a eagle, so snt is more likely to build a nest than zxwavb
qfenov is a bird, gcgrrk is a eagle, so gcgrrk is more likely to build a nest than qfenov
plbhq is a bird, eakknwi is a eagle, so eakknwi is more likely to build a nest than plbhq
krbaigxcmjye is a bird, zkudlcbaxolq is a eagle, so zkudlcbaxolq is more likely to build a nest than krbaigxcmjye
frtvnrdkcg is a bird, djevnaalm is a eagle, so djevnaalm is more likely to build a nest than frtvnrdkcg
dzye is a bird, buw is a eagle, so buw is more likely to build a nest than dzye
gvsiymjvoi is a bird, lbdalw is a eagle, so gvsiymjvoi is not less likely to build a nest than lbdalw
kqwqtmtj is a bird, xaj is a eagle, so kqwqtmtj is not less likely to build a nest than xaj
nyulj is a bird, lop is a eagle, so nyulj is not less likely to build a nest than lop
lyvnjgljbyqi is a bird, hwx is a eagle, so lyvnjgljbyqi is not less likely to build a nest than hwx
ntegknpi is a bird, vxspfyae is a eagle, so ntegknpi is not less likely to build a nest than vxspfyae
xtvkygmtainy is a bird, vrjlotti is a eagle, so vrjlotti is not more likely to build a nest than xtvkygmtainy
xrokavvurb is a bird, fxw is a eagle, so fxw is not more likely to build a nest than xrokavvurb
gmtmbpco is a bird, njwzdhzt is a eagle, so njwzdhzt is not more likely to build a nest than gmtmbpco
tdqndec is a bird, hdxya is a eagle, so hdxya is not more likely to build a nest than tdqndec
mwwwnnfnc is a bird, kgkdwq is a eagle, so kgkdwq is not more likely to build a nest than mwwwnnfnc
yannlqufbv is a monkey, tvmtzugvtbq is a eagle, so yannlqufbv is more likely to be in the circus than tvmtzugvtbq
ddvv is a monkey, wzqzuos is a eagle, so ddvv is more likely to be in the circus than wzqzuos
kizjc is a monkey, pupuq is a eagle, so kizjc is more likely to be in the circus than pupuq
tcrsnjk is a monkey, omeum is a eagle, so tcrsnjk is more likely to be in the circus than omeum
puvy is a monkey, rkdq is a eagle, so puvy is more likely to be in the circus than rkdq
sgtrfu is a monkey, ywhbj is a eagle, so ywhbj is less likely to be in the circus than sgtrfu
oubzggu is a monkey, huo is a eagle, so huo is less likely to be in the circus than oubzggu
rrmmxby is a monkey, xkqexbq is a eagle, so xkqexbq is less likely to be in the circus than rrmmxby
wta is a monkey, jekmfu is a eagle, so jekmfu is less likely to be in the circus than wta
cizbxqomkg is a monkey, hsqwp is a eagle, so hsqwp is less likely to be in the circus than cizbxqomkg
eqengxejprpj is a monkey, cmllgahlhqk is a eagle, so eqengxejprpj is not less likely to be in the circus than cmllgahlhqk
odqqzocghnf is a monkey, yczwdcl is a eagle, so odqqzocghnf is not less likely to be in the circus than yczwdcl
vmyvkhpfnze is a monkey, nenmfmvggm is a eagle, so vmyvkhpfnze is not less likely to be in the circus than nenmfmvggm
ozzyuoaaqncc is a monkey, vyuqz is a eagle, so ozzyuoaaqncc is not less likely to be in the circus than vyuqz
yboihex is a monkey, ciuwpfznbv is a eagle, so yboihex is not less likely to be in the circus than ciuwpfznbv
tetpeem is a monkey, xmlefsmadbca is a eagle, so xmlefsmadbca is not more likely to be in the circus than tetpeem
hfk is a monkey, bwjwdddcwfgd is a eagle, so bwjwdddcwfgd is not more likely to be in the circus than hfk
prslzsje is a monkey, aenhjemedwo is a eagle, so aenhjemedwo is not more likely to be in the circus than prslzsje
qlu is a monkey, tqffnwdjduq is a eagle, so tqffnwdjduq is not more likely to be in the circus than qlu
diwectuqe is a monkey, jpktfg is a eagle, so jpktfg is not more likely to be in the circus than diwectuqe
smyjdughyt is a rat, unja is a camel, so smyjdughyt is more likely to be a pet than unja
bhfzjalvn is a rat, twxvm is a camel, so bhfzjalvn is more likely to be a pet than twxvm
kibmijkpc is a rat, jiknj is a camel, so kibmijkpc is more likely to be a pet than jiknj
lsuhhvc is a rat, ejbhjnseo is a camel, so lsuhhvc is more likely to be a pet than ejbhjnseo
olwxegqoxtir is a rat, ltluzjovnqo is a camel, so olwxegqoxtir is more likely to be a pet than ltluzjovnqo
ktoxu is a rat, fqdldpod is a camel, so fqdldpod is less likely to be a pet than ktoxu
rcgnrlbo is a rat, glidbz is a camel, so glidbz is less likely to be a pet than rcgnrlbo
sqscjfcwsvjo is a rat, ntgjwgnq is a camel, so ntgjwgnq is less likely to be a pet than sqscjfcwsvjo
kmdjdvhnech is a rat, zvo is a camel, so zvo is less likely to be a pet than kmdjdvhnech
ullssk is a rat, rjuefabpjn is a camel, so rjuefabpjn is less likely to be a pet than ullssk
qpcimneh is a rat, obt is a camel, so qpcimneh is not more likely to be a pet than obt
wvopxjqh is a rat, jzcrw is a camel, so wvopxjqh is not more likely to be a pet than jzcrw
ebyyhci is a rat, ccnzmghnteu is a camel, so ebyyhci is not more likely to be a pet than ccnzmghnteu
qxwzrrfiihr is a rat, pbjf is a camel, so qxwzrrfiihr is not more likely to be a pet than pbjf
say is a rat, okvuhe is a camel, so say is not more likely to be a pet than okvuhe
tfbuuaystac is a rat, ltfmcvpunjo is a camel, so ltfmcvpunjo is not more likely to be a pet than tfbuuaystac
kzfqlxflohq is a rat, plcrelak is a camel, so plcrelak is not more likely to be a pet than kzfqlxflohq
awcddf is a rat, etxmor is a camel, so etxmor is not more likely to be a pet than awcddf
zzdg is a rat, tqji is a camel, so tqji is not more likely to be a pet than zzdg
bjzplftapx is a rat, nsk is a camel, so nsk is not more likely to be a pet than bjzplftapx
knfutf is a bird, gbqb is a chicken, so knfutf is more likely to be in a nest than gbqb
dsou is a bird, egheim is a chicken, so dsou is more likely to be in a nest than egheim
yhs is a bird, cfsgyc is a chicken, so yhs is more likely to be in a nest than cfsgyc
jlog is a bird, gcq is a chicken, so jlog is more likely to be in a nest than gcq
ual is a bird, fvevqduv is a chicken, so ual is more likely to be in a nest than fvevqduv
kgkazrxmf is a bird, stwfb is a chicken, so stwfb is less likely to be in a nest than kgkazrxmf
zkhcdzx is a bird, zml is a chicken, so zml is less likely to be in a nest than zkhcdzx
mzonquf is a bird, aridkufszd is a chicken, so aridkufszd is less likely to be in a nest than mzonquf
qybzwbhnra is a bird, twihdrswe is a chicken, so twihdrswe is less likely to be in a nest than qybzwbhnra
fgz is a bird, zngbcw is a chicken, so zngbcw is less likely to be in a nest than fgz
bdqxcwfftrc is a bird, itgxsb is a chicken, so bdqxcwfftrc is not less likely to be in a nest than itgxsb
oozcnarcn is a bird, wockurvzvb is a chicken, so oozcnarcn is not less likely to be in a nest than wockurvzvb
mdc is a bird, tmwdjxxzd is a chicken, so mdc is not less likely to be in a nest than tmwdjxxzd
xvt is a bird, thogkxhs is a chicken, so xvt is not less likely to be in a nest than thogkxhs
hhpro is a bird, vuqtkjcppfb is a chicken, so hhpro is not less likely to be in a nest than vuqtkjcppfb
qoiquhracwpw is a bird, ntzynnvbrtx is a chicken, so ntzynnvbrtx is not more likely to be in a nest than qoiquhracwpw
glw is a bird, hoxfnnj is a chicken, so hoxfnnj is not more likely to be in a nest than glw
sruimzju is a bird, mvun is a chicken, so mvun is not more likely to be in a nest than sruimzju
trjnrcyz is a bird, ssqfws is a chicken, so ssqfws is not more likely to be in a nest than trjnrcyz
chtea is a bird, vsdipjigzxdl is a chicken, so vsdipjigzxdl is not more likely to be in a nest than chtea
cwjl is a rat, lghlxsghsiu is a deer, so cwjl is more likely to be in a maze than lghlxsghsiu
tvifyrl is a rat, msv is a deer, so tvifyrl is more likely to be in a maze than msv
bqdriqnalp is a rat, wfll is a deer, so bqdriqnalp is more likely to be in a maze than wfll
nbsfsmz is a rat, erzkmwi is a deer, so nbsfsmz is more likely to be in a maze than erzkmwi
ebkzrxkrvlv is a rat, eoxevp is a deer, so ebkzrxkrvlv is more likely to be in a maze than eoxevp
zhtszx is a rat, nmoqgtencw is a deer, so nmoqgtencw is less likely to be in a maze than zhtszx
vcd is a rat, kmbnizfs is a deer, so kmbnizfs is less likely to be in a maze than vcd
vibrwyh is a rat, psv is a deer, so psv is less likely to be in a maze than vibrwyh
goktbz is a rat, frxwblgjdbup is a deer, so frxwblgjdbup is less likely to be in a maze than goktbz
fma is a rat, lbkezxfrd is a deer, so lbkezxfrd is less likely to be in a maze than fma
vnjmngjyr is a rat, xhjmjpvkuzxr is a deer, so vnjmngjyr is not less likely to be in a maze than xhjmjpvkuzxr
uodadhjlsdsr is a rat, cupnchzzpzjh is a deer, so uodadhjlsdsr is not less likely to be in a maze than cupnchzzpzjh
bbbqb is a rat, izgn is a deer, so bbbqb is not less likely to be in a maze than izgn
thvuesc is a rat, nwzryw is a deer, so thvuesc is not less likely to be in a maze than nwzryw
gibjtiixcj is a rat, uwt is a deer, so gibjtiixcj is not less likely to be in a maze than uwt
sli is a rat, jfprjtgzelmi is a deer, so jfprjtgzelmi is not more likely to be in a maze than sli
bgzzwgdh is a rat, dotyxa is a deer, so dotyxa is not more likely to be in a maze than bgzzwgdh
vvu is a rat, thm is a deer, so thm is not more likely to be in a maze than vvu
kpuzoshqee is a rat, svadhixmdlqj is a deer, so svadhixmdlqj is not more likely to be in a maze than kpuzoshqee
tdgeugx is a rat, rnpsunzcp is a deer, so rnpsunzcp is not more likely to be in a maze than tdgeugx
veg is a cat, wekgmprpaube is a horse, so veg is more likely to kill birds than wekgmprpaube
bidbuayljuj is a cat, scpgi is a horse, so bidbuayljuj is more likely to kill birds than scpgi
ywtzkfobhd is a cat, zzby is a horse, so ywtzkfobhd is more likely to kill birds than zzby
weujqzt is a cat, lfbhykjixm is a horse, so weujqzt is more likely to kill birds than lfbhykjixm
zqeuyowgiehv is a cat, uofy is a horse, so zqeuyowgiehv is more likely to kill birds than uofy
kifkpupgbrjd is a cat, xymaysn is a horse, so xymaysn is less likely to kill birds than kifkpupgbrjd
erisgvhlonp is a cat, vczonrq is a horse, so vczonrq is less likely to kill birds than erisgvhlonp
bneczmwprufx is a cat, jascnnbez is a horse, so jascnnbez is less likely to kill birds than bneczmwprufx
qmb is a cat, ofbscclbzjnf is a horse, so ofbscclbzjnf is less likely to kill birds than qmb
xplx is a cat, uxqirql is a horse, so uxqirql is less likely to kill birds than xplx
mpaupkuoyhut is a cat, dhgixsllk is a horse, so mpaupkuoyhut is not less likely to kill birds than dhgixsllk
hvulmzwzgky is a cat, xpwiunsjjjcd is a horse, so hvulmzwzgky is not less likely to kill birds than xpwiunsjjjcd
ahfbjdp is a cat, vwnzyoxryoeq is a horse, so ahfbjdp is not less likely to kill birds than vwnzyoxryoeq
unv is a cat, cnydg is a horse, so unv is not less likely to kill birds than cnydg
sdoxnfz is a cat, xzo is a horse, so sdoxnfz is not less likely to kill birds than xzo
zoxf is a cat, cabfbm is a horse, so cabfbm is not more likely to kill birds than zoxf
mxhjjusggnj is a cat, twlebkyk is a horse, so twlebkyk is not more likely to kill birds than mxhjjusggnj
yucjedujbql is a cat, uee is a horse, so uee is not more likely to kill birds than yucjedujbql
jpp is a cat, wxtqijki is a horse, so wxtqijki is not more likely to kill birds than jpp
enyslc is a cat, govygjtbz is a horse, so govygjtbz is not more likely to kill birds than enyslc
sbk is a horse, dyigfxwx is a cat, so sbk is more likely to run in a pasture than dyigfxwx
uuvi is a horse, smkjarp is a cat, so uuvi is more likely to run in a pasture than smkjarp
poqnlnbqiy is a horse, pwbwcnrobbf is a cat, so poqnlnbqiy is more likely to run in a pasture than pwbwcnrobbf
dkg is a horse, vvaacpoyezri is a cat, so dkg is more likely to run in a pasture than vvaacpoyezri
arjb is a horse, ylwprpshtfeh is a cat, so arjb is more likely to run in a pasture than ylwprpshtfeh
rsxfsobh is a horse, znzvpmkcsv is a cat, so znzvpmkcsv is less likely to run in a pasture than rsxfsobh
foi is a horse, rtacf is a cat, so rtacf is less likely to run in a pasture than foi
izwpys is a horse, osesdick is a cat, so osesdick is less likely to run in a pasture than izwpys
svxwswco is a horse, cgpxwnkmurkr is a cat, so cgpxwnkmurkr is less likely to run in a pasture than svxwswco
admoghmctow is a horse, jcgms is a cat, so jcgms is less likely to run in a pasture than admoghmctow
fkrd is a horse, gyrsz is a cat, so fkrd is not more likely to run in a pasture than gyrsz
beflobqyyotc is a horse, wfxuladrphe is a cat, so beflobqyyotc is not more likely to run in a pasture than wfxuladrphe
css is a horse, nrchhyg is a cat, so css is not more likely to run in a pasture than nrchhyg
gacihqo is a horse, mlmvtuvypat is a cat, so gacihqo is not more likely to run in a pasture than mlmvtuvypat
oizbzd is a horse, zfkkmuk is a cat, so oizbzd is not more likely to run in a pasture than zfkkmuk
ztvbbxkmvc is a horse, itavj is a cat, so itavj is not more likely to run in a pasture than ztvbbxkmvc
uhwhpyu is a horse, tzmhis is a cat, so tzmhis is not more likely to run in a pasture than uhwhpyu
llhogttd is a horse, dldezmuv is a cat, so dldezmuv is not more likely to run in a pasture than llhogttd
odkxfvzpatdi is a horse, fjrx is a cat, so fjrx is not more likely to run in a pasture than odkxfvzpatdi
ortjxvucsphk is a horse, dqpcclbjz is a cat, so dqpcclbjz is not more likely to run in a pasture than ortjxvucsphk
owki is a horse, zjfrucfbmznu is a bird, so owki is more likely to be in a stall than zjfrucfbmznu
xlhswacksm is a horse, uuak is a bird, so xlhswacksm is more likely to be in a stall than uuak
qxiwt is a horse, usyjwxyuzajp is a bird, so qxiwt is more likely to be in a stall than usyjwxyuzajp
jzmxauqoyz is a horse, lnvwqke is a bird, so jzmxauqoyz is more likely to be in a stall than lnvwqke
ykaydbbuqac is a horse, juloczxxndzn is a bird, so ykaydbbuqac is more likely to be in a stall than juloczxxndzn
slogromw is a horse, wnsn is a bird, so wnsn is less likely to be in the stall than slogromw
rgs is a horse, kbshharzzcw is a bird, so kbshharzzcw is less likely to be in the stall than rgs
pysaswi is a horse, idgtgfcrc is a bird, so idgtgfcrc is less likely to be in the stall than pysaswi
eqzsahrahxl is a horse, ldz is a bird, so ldz is less likely to be in the stall than eqzsahrahxl
jahufpgarnz is a horse, qnvinz is a bird, so qnvinz is less likely to be in the stall than jahufpgarnz
qkumvgqhesi is a horse, mbgfuffvoyb is a bird, so qkumvgqhesi is not less likely to be in a stall than mbgfuffvoyb
dagmxqha is a horse, sbigvc is a bird, so dagmxqha is not less likely to be in a stall than sbigvc
nskzqvdiw is a horse, fnbk is a bird, so nskzqvdiw is not less likely to be in a stall than fnbk
cgjas is a horse, iixlcdlwiq is a bird, so cgjas is not less likely to be in a stall than iixlcdlwiq
cif is a horse, nzuwmenrl is a bird, so cif is not less likely to be in a stall than nzuwmenrl
kyfavksp is a horse, cotlpakd is a bird, so cotlpakd is not more likely to be in a stall than kyfavksp
krvcccmboonw is a horse, bmnx is a bird, so bmnx is not more likely to be in a stall than krvcccmboonw
tbql is a horse, kvnjxku is a bird, so kvnjxku is not more likely to be in a stall than tbql
rjl is a horse, qjrwyya is a bird, so qjrwyya is not more likely to be in a stall than rjl
qwk is a horse, sbqbbirn is a bird, so sbqbbirn is not more likely to be in a stall than qwk
ymykrsxyfqfo is a frog, mrivubxnr is a bird, so ymykrsxyfqfo is more likely to jump very high than mrivubxnr
bjxahr is a frog, pgvlespndun is a bird, so bjxahr is more likely to jump very high than pgvlespndun
tisdzenmtq is a frog, osvc is a bird, so tisdzenmtq is more likely to jump very high than osvc
eyjl is a frog, hpasrfeueg is a bird, so eyjl is more likely to jump very high than hpasrfeueg
difppetvatn is a frog, htk is a bird, so difppetvatn is more likely to jump very high than htk
penz is a frog, gkuctyfn is a bird, so gkuctyfn is less likely to jump very high than penz
nbjp is a frog, vmtjbno is a bird, so vmtjbno is less likely to jump very high than nbjp
cafuo is a frog, bffumsfqtfyn is a bird, so bffumsfqtfyn is less likely to jump very high than cafuo
ynqtk is a frog, qhurech is a bird, so qhurech is less likely to jump very high than ynqtk
bdjcp is a frog, cbni is a bird, so cbni is less likely to jump very high than bdjcp
smhatzcomw is a frog, jiyxkdjlq is a bird, so smhatzcomw is not less likely to jump very high than jiyxkdjlq
eoysonu is a frog, hhvbshdt is a bird, so eoysonu is not less likely to jump very high than hhvbshdt
yakjlzza is a frog, gcekmgpjnxuj is a bird, so yakjlzza is not less likely to jump very high than gcekmgpjnxuj
vjwuqwlb is a frog, twjr is a bird, so vjwuqwlb is not less likely to jump very high than twjr
rdlvv is a frog, kttrvsscm is a bird, so rdlvv is not less likely to jump very high than kttrvsscm
txhjcofwuh is a frog, aklw is a bird, so aklw is not more likely to jump very high than txhjcofwuh
vggskm is a frog, xtq is a bird, so xtq is not more likely to jump very high than vggskm
mrjl is a frog, cwywuwwx is a bird, so cwywuwwx is not more likely to jump very high than mrjl
zmrvky is a frog, beqbjg is a bird, so beqbjg is not more likely to jump very high than zmrvky
uxytl is a frog, gzuxeiga is a bird, so gzuxeiga is not more likely to jump very high than uxytl
hbyqcet is a cat, xwnpz is a wolf, so hbyqcet is more likely to drink water than xwnpz
vvociuwlr is a cat, vgrbq is a wolf, so vvociuwlr is more likely to drink water than vgrbq
cjpsuefkj is a cat, rfhdymbwiv is a wolf, so cjpsuefkj is more likely to drink water than rfhdymbwiv
xdo is a cat, pzvkqjo is a wolf, so xdo is more likely to drink water than pzvkqjo
vmgwtqem is a cat, rompenctcni is a wolf, so vmgwtqem is more likely to drink water than rompenctcni
idaqzgrjtg is a cat, tbf is a wolf, so tbf is less likely to drink water than idaqzgrjtg
zbipzeuavxl is a cat, kpy is a wolf, so kpy is less likely to drink water than zbipzeuavxl
qwque is a cat, zhdbjgasbptd is a wolf, so zhdbjgasbptd is less likely to drink water than qwque
ftfqenmlvx is a cat, fxmzmy is a wolf, so fxmzmy is less likely to drink water than ftfqenmlvx
qakxhiyfecu is a cat, ootpe is a wolf, so ootpe is less likely to drink water than qakxhiyfecu
nwbelgzrt is a cat, ntwgkqvpc is a wolf, so nwbelgzrt is not less likely to drink water than ntwgkqvpc
cpfbkbw is a cat, mxpvdnt is a wolf, so cpfbkbw is not less likely to drink water than mxpvdnt
iheys is a cat, lwcxjo is a wolf, so iheys is not less likely to drink water than lwcxjo
dphkogkogvph is a cat, mrxhxckpamx is a wolf, so dphkogkogvph is not less likely to drink water than mrxhxckpamx
dkdhcxmppolb is a cat, gbzsorzau is a wolf, so dkdhcxmppolb is not less likely to drink water than gbzsorzau
hnoeou is a cat, wcjknma is a wolf, so wcjknma is not more likely to drink water than hnoeou
xwb is a cat, mtbjdbeh is a wolf, so mtbjdbeh is not more likely to drink water than xwb
mtehromph is a cat, mtbk is a wolf, so mtbk is not more likely to drink water than mtehromph
cwktainlg is a cat, xnjz is a wolf, so xnjz is not more likely to drink water than cwktainlg
tfr is a cat, gjjq is a wolf, so gjjq is not more likely to drink water than tfr
rbdusknvybv is a cat, zffeodoibh is a panda, so rbdusknvybv is more likely to hunt mice than zffeodoibh
fgarjqppm is a cat, gdit is a panda, so fgarjqppm is more likely to hunt mice than gdit
caqvs is a cat, mtnuobcmbh is a panda, so caqvs is more likely to hunt mice than mtnuobcmbh
zbgntiwevacl is a cat, meexywjib is a panda, so zbgntiwevacl is more likely to hunt mice than meexywjib
yvguou is a cat, lzgthaok is a panda, so yvguou is more likely to hunt mice than lzgthaok
lsfm is a cat, iqqedumt is a panda, so iqqedumt is less likely to hunt mice than lsfm
xwconudulbjc is a cat, uanfnyvpubw is a panda, so uanfnyvpubw is less likely to hunt mice than xwconudulbjc
nvivytfgduxm is a cat, zpetrjc is a panda, so zpetrjc is less likely to hunt mice than nvivytfgduxm
wmtnojebxzyv is a cat, zuujd is a panda, so zuujd is less likely to hunt mice than wmtnojebxzyv
bzsyyl is a cat, vjlw is a panda, so vjlw is less likely to hunt mice than bzsyyl
wvyl is a cat, nihwz is a panda, so wvyl is not less likely to hunt mice than nihwz
djsyelxbtvn is a cat, dzoofrrdfdvf is a panda, so djsyelxbtvn is not less likely to hunt mice than dzoofrrdfdvf
ljlrkxbzv is a cat, wsmsaljlzp is a panda, so ljlrkxbzv is not less likely to hunt mice than wsmsaljlzp
wqfn is a cat, navpj is a panda, so wqfn is not less likely to hunt mice than navpj
mqhzuxqf is a cat, ypfiqqhhem is a panda, so mqhzuxqf is not less likely to hunt mice than ypfiqqhhem
qzczz is a cat, yhkkkfluow is a panda, so yhkkkfluow is not more likely to hunt mice than qzczz
hawkausdjedt is a cat, ctsvetulvyvv is a panda, so ctsvetulvyvv is not more likely to hunt mice than hawkausdjedt
tntzmbuix is a cat, rxrgevx is a panda, so rxrgevx is not more likely to hunt mice than tntzmbuix
mfnrgjdukdq is a cat, nsxcq is a panda, so nsxcq is not more likely to hunt mice than mfnrgjdukdq
veqjdv is a cat, fxqvptsar is a panda, so fxqvptsar is not more likely to hunt mice than veqjdv
gqzlxtxlvm is a tiger, qyagpt is a frog, so gqzlxtxlvm is more likely to jump though hoops than qyagpt
ovhklb is a tiger, okht is a frog, so ovhklb is more likely to jump though hoops than okht
irplhofoia is a tiger, lemzoaytya is a frog, so irplhofoia is more likely to jump though hoops than lemzoaytya
eliuq is a tiger, hnl is a frog, so eliuq is more likely to jump though hoops than hnl
vaoncvefdhue is a tiger, vjtaj is a frog, so vaoncvefdhue is more likely to jump though hoops than vjtaj
bvkctrjxz is a tiger, apxkygnrgjw is a frog, so apxkygnrgjw is less likely to jump though hoops than bvkctrjxz
zgxnw is a tiger, tkgvvo is a frog, so tkgvvo is less likely to jump though hoops than zgxnw
phhd is a tiger, bgaygkadovef is a frog, so bgaygkadovef is less likely to jump though hoops than phhd
luudx is a tiger, ztdfeh is a frog, so ztdfeh is less likely to jump though hoops than luudx
ttttnsulo is a tiger, vwfvfblvv is a frog, so vwfvfblvv is less likely to jump though hoops than ttttnsulo
qybfzh is a tiger, rljwrmhh is a frog, so qybfzh is not less likely to jump though hoops than rljwrmhh
ghnaunysqxus is a tiger, xjpbecvi is a frog, so ghnaunysqxus is not less likely to jump though hoops than xjpbecvi
kxyeqd is a tiger, nxtdxqrmtsoy is a frog, so kxyeqd is not less likely to jump though hoops than nxtdxqrmtsoy
uiliezxd is a tiger, vvjjtyk is a frog, so uiliezxd is not less likely to jump though hoops than vvjjtyk
brltrj is a tiger, emqdsxg is a frog, so brltrj is not less likely to jump though hoops than emqdsxg
adhgm is a tiger, tegkcakyo is a frog, so tegkcakyo is not more likely to jump though hoops than adhgm
yxoteb is a tiger, oycmz is a frog, so oycmz is not more likely to jump though hoops than yxoteb
znobc is a tiger, giojzr is a frog, so giojzr is not more likely to jump though hoops than znobc
dbh is a tiger, vnmgwowz is a frog, so vnmgwowz is not more likely to jump though hoops than dbh
rcbd is a tiger, bxr is a frog, so bxr is not more likely to jump though hoops than rcbd
viqeia is a tiger, tjiwopgbkdrs is a bear, so viqeia is more likely to be in the zoo than tjiwopgbkdrs
wrwnta is a tiger, zusigvg is a bear, so wrwnta is more likely to be in the zoo than zusigvg
bvg is a tiger, qoxmogihcovj is a bear, so bvg is more likely to be in the zoo than qoxmogihcovj
zfslzayhzx is a tiger, lsribnb is a bear, so zfslzayhzx is more likely to be in the zoo than lsribnb
igjdyujccgr is a tiger, fvdceujum is a bear, so igjdyujccgr is more likely to be in the zoo than fvdceujum
hyarycdh is a tiger, uhwijjv is a bear, so uhwijjv is less likely to be in the zoo than hyarycdh
yzl is a tiger, lev is a bear, so lev is less likely to be in the zoo than yzl
zfx is a tiger, cljiyzqtbd is a bear, so cljiyzqtbd is less likely to be in the zoo than zfx
hzi is a tiger, lyopgcodgqo is a bear, so lyopgcodgqo is less likely to be in the zoo than hzi
vmkd is a tiger, lhx is a bear, so lhx is less likely to be in the zoo than vmkd
iqsgx is a tiger, jfqi is a bear, so iqsgx is not less likely to be in the zoo than jfqi
smo is a tiger, xfepplnx is a bear, so smo is not less likely to be in the zoo than xfepplnx
vuiwcr is a tiger, ikuuwa is a bear, so vuiwcr is not less likely to be in the zoo than ikuuwa
owhmxnwissk is a tiger, dtiyhl is a bear, so owhmxnwissk is not less likely to be in the zoo than dtiyhl
tcynljmsh is a tiger, vhnsqlsg is a bear, so tcynljmsh is not less likely to be in the zoo than vhnsqlsg
snhl is a tiger, ykfdiie is a bear, so ykfdiie is not more likely to be in the zoo than snhl
whhnq is a tiger, qptuww is a bear, so qptuww is not more likely to be in the zoo than whhnq
ypebip is a tiger, eicbqnnfj is a bear, so eicbqnnfj is not more likely to be in the zoo than ypebip
ezw is a tiger, xmrpns is a bear, so xmrpns is not more likely to be in the zoo than ezw
hqc is a tiger, jsniohfmtedf is a bear, so jsniohfmtedf is not more likely to be in the zoo than hqc
lpujlnfkw is a monkey, vsv is a camel, so lpujlnfkw is more likely to throw a banana than vsv
ncgjsl is a monkey, mtb is a camel, so ncgjsl is more likely to throw a banana than mtb
axtl is a monkey, waptleiugd is a camel, so axtl is more likely to throw a banana than waptleiugd
blut is a monkey, bbmomo is a camel, so blut is more likely to throw a banana than bbmomo
lgxmu is a monkey, shbnanun is a camel, so lgxmu is more likely to throw a banana than shbnanun
xtmhmceps is a monkey, ncf is a camel, so ncf is less likely to throw a banana than xtmhmceps
celmjtcni is a monkey, padoxrvi is a camel, so padoxrvi is less likely to throw a banana than celmjtcni
tipmngm is a monkey, nwws is a camel, so nwws is less likely to throw a banana than tipmngm
bczttse is a monkey, pprlymrgbj is a camel, so pprlymrgbj is less likely to throw a banana than bczttse
bwpeeh is a monkey, dgyurtqz is a camel, so dgyurtqz is less likely to throw a banana than bwpeeh
vocrypw is a monkey, ejyyvgql is a camel, so vocrypw is not more likely to throw a banana than ejyyvgql
ahubo is a monkey, ive is a camel, so ahubo is not more likely to throw a banana than ive
cjtvnsokoh is a monkey, ytulbcg is a camel, so cjtvnsokoh is not more likely to throw a banana than ytulbcg
tpsbt is a monkey, neq is a camel, so tpsbt is not more likely to throw a banana than neq
binr is a monkey, wzrc is a camel, so binr is not more likely to throw a banana than wzrc
angwlkmw is a monkey, ymoun is a camel, so ymoun is not more likely to throw a banana than angwlkmw
qfwyxchjrerq is a monkey, bdiqtbsi is a camel, so bdiqtbsi is not more likely to throw a banana than qfwyxchjrerq
heabw is a monkey, pdyin is a camel, so pdyin is not more likely to throw a banana than heabw
rkpoqgc is a monkey, grwiffmwx is a camel, so grwiffmwx is not more likely to throw a banana than rkpoqgc
bbejftseln is a monkey, mnawhggx is a camel, so mnawhggx is not more likely to throw a banana than bbejftseln
ovxneypgyh is a elephant, ffdiyqy is a crocodile, so ovxneypgyh is more likely to be in a zoo than ffdiyqy
xxu is a elephant, ozjimdvn is a crocodile, so xxu is more likely to be in a zoo than ozjimdvn
gays is a elephant, phnuylnbnfs is a crocodile, so gays is more likely to be in a zoo than phnuylnbnfs
ozwv is a elephant, rixapsvyyfqx is a crocodile, so ozwv is more likely to be in a zoo than rixapsvyyfqx
timtzsgtds is a elephant, sxirtkftwp is a crocodile, so timtzsgtds is more likely to be in a zoo than sxirtkftwp
ksxx is a elephant, tqw is a crocodile, so tqw is less likely to be in a zoo than ksxx
ijlxqlrjbumv is a elephant, ibfu is a crocodile, so ibfu is less likely to be in a zoo than ijlxqlrjbumv
rqv is a elephant, wcqlegqaw is a crocodile, so wcqlegqaw is less likely to be in a zoo than rqv
jujcz is a elephant, dgehitvofzw is a crocodile, so dgehitvofzw is less likely to be in a zoo than jujcz
dlbyhqb is a elephant, rheixe is a crocodile, so rheixe is less likely to be in a zoo than dlbyhqb
znxvojsercw is a elephant, loozoemzx is a crocodile, so znxvojsercw is not less likely to be in a zoo than loozoemzx
xlumse is a elephant, olcf is a crocodile, so xlumse is not less likely to be in a zoo than olcf
chtcsgoggb is a elephant, wwawdz is a crocodile, so chtcsgoggb is not less likely to be in a zoo than wwawdz
upqqdz is a elephant, rtpdctxxbuup is a crocodile, so upqqdz is not less likely to be in a zoo than rtpdctxxbuup
wcqtjve is a elephant, iyl is a crocodile, so wcqtjve is not less likely to be in a zoo than iyl
oaictspfy is a elephant, eiyakhrf is a crocodile, so eiyakhrf is not more likely to be in a zoo than oaictspfy
ddzydbhr is a elephant, ncckmftayq is a crocodile, so ncckmftayq is not more likely to be in a zoo than ddzydbhr
bqzbb is a elephant, yihvyndysjmj is a crocodile, so yihvyndysjmj is not more likely to be in a zoo than bqzbb
nlzptqbyjfz is a elephant, lcpovpmhqr is a crocodile, so lcpovpmhqr is not more likely to be in a zoo than nlzptqbyjfz
gby is a elephant, qbyvsosliy is a crocodile, so qbyvsosliy is not more likely to be in a zoo than gby
upow is a shark, tojwygxmt is a snail, so upow is more likely to be in the water than tojwygxmt
msrxkd is a shark, prxtqhislnet is a snail, so msrxkd is more likely to be in the water than prxtqhislnet
uedyvcghkd is a shark, oirpn is a snail, so uedyvcghkd is more likely to be in the water than oirpn
ybrgkhmubo is a shark, zirtbfy is a snail, so ybrgkhmubo is more likely to be in the water than zirtbfy
kyf is a shark, iznx is a snail, so kyf is more likely to be in the water than iznx
boaqcrwkja is a shark, mkdxeeuqo is a snail, so mkdxeeuqo is more likely to circle the swimmer than boaqcrwkja
sppfn is a shark, llhomlgfcxv is a snail, so llhomlgfcxv is more likely to circle the swimmer than sppfn
ael is a shark, tncsyumpkk is a snail, so tncsyumpkk is more likely to circle the swimmer than ael
scmjacuzifad is a shark, fatxvznxzey is a snail, so fatxvznxzey is more likely to circle the swimmer than scmjacuzifad
qpkfgyik is a shark, jomstcxzsu is a snail, so jomstcxzsu is more likely to circle the swimmer than qpkfgyik
kyozzwq is a shark, nbes is a snail, so kyozzwq is not less likely to be in the water than nbes
wrx is a shark, lukwkktuwqn is a snail, so wrx is not less likely to be in the water than lukwkktuwqn
ljok is a shark, mrtlnhxbvj is a snail, so ljok is not less likely to be in the water than mrtlnhxbvj
quxjxue is a shark, zqxzkdigfkky is a snail, so quxjxue is not less likely to be in the water than zqxzkdigfkky
zztevnljhm is a shark, aoqjtxkfimn is a snail, so zztevnljhm is not less likely to be in the water than aoqjtxkfimn
dbuewvllmuy is a shark, dclkw is a snail, so dclkw is not more likely to circle the swimmer than dbuewvllmuy
eiwa is a shark, etepbtqykgpe is a snail, so etepbtqykgpe is not more likely to circle the swimmer than eiwa
juwafnwxmlq is a shark, fct is a snail, so fct is not more likely to circle the swimmer than juwafnwxmlq
lombei is a shark, fddynusott is a snail, so fddynusott is not more likely to circle the swimmer than lombei
yrajnquadz is a shark, jgbhgwqoyz is a snail, so jgbhgwqoyz is not more likely to circle the swimmer than yrajnquadz
rewaqg is a fish, rtloxftyj is a monkey, so rewaqg is more likely to be in a lake than rtloxftyj
rcqobeysc is a fish, epvkbvwupjw is a monkey, so rcqobeysc is more likely to be in a lake than epvkbvwupjw
mammoboslz is a fish, xaijz is a monkey, so mammoboslz is more likely to be in a lake than xaijz
mzao is a fish, uxnzdtqabj is a monkey, so mzao is more likely to be in a lake than uxnzdtqabj
kugpar is a fish, tpxiglepqw is a monkey, so kugpar is more likely to be in a lake than tpxiglepqw
fblbn is a fish, tgpbovc is a monkey, so tgpbovc is less likely to be in a lake than fblbn
qvel is a fish, fdnutoxyxlo is a monkey, so fdnutoxyxlo is less likely to be in a lake than qvel
gqripfpnbp is a fish, fifvy is a monkey, so fifvy is less likely to be in a lake than gqripfpnbp
bmldnefibcgu is a fish, ycy is a monkey, so ycy is less likely to be in a lake than bmldnefibcgu
vnr is a fish, qlkzkgal is a monkey, so qlkzkgal is less likely to be in a lake than vnr
jagmdgwkrd is a fish, brofipatmdvh is a monkey, so jagmdgwkrd is not less likely to be in a lake than brofipatmdvh
mjoegmb is a fish, ebmvcso is a monkey, so mjoegmb is not less likely to be in a lake than ebmvcso
glaednaxsn is a fish, bizumond is a monkey, so glaednaxsn is not less likely to be in a lake than bizumond
gwcdcvt is a fish, tmkpgcezpxpz is a monkey, so gwcdcvt is not less likely to be in a lake than tmkpgcezpxpz
gfbllvybvl is a fish, iyhbxrm is a monkey, so gfbllvybvl is not less likely to be in a lake than iyhbxrm
egd is a fish, zelkhje is a monkey, so zelkhje is not more likely to be in a lake than egd
fqturdoftvue is a fish, kgfmd is a monkey, so kgfmd is not more likely to be in a lake than fqturdoftvue
casrcr is a fish, avntqzftzzhl is a monkey, so avntqzftzzhl is not more likely to be in a lake than casrcr
gaxyso is a fish, otj is a monkey, so otj is not more likely to be in a lake than gaxyso
gfsabmse is a fish, bihkasvp is a monkey, so bihkasvp is not more likely to be in a lake than gfsabmse
leptbdnkc is a monkey, ifxfko is a crocodile, so leptbdnkc is more likely to be in an african jungle than ifxfko
fkabohsqb is a monkey, aimrxrbvuws is a crocodile, so fkabohsqb is more likely to be in an african jungle than aimrxrbvuws
xdqgfn is a monkey, blbdmnzoyi is a crocodile, so xdqgfn is more likely to be in an african jungle than blbdmnzoyi
dwuc is a monkey, uiydpxo is a crocodile, so dwuc is more likely to be in an african jungle than uiydpxo
sztoy is a monkey, wrmn is a crocodile, so sztoy is more likely to be in an african jungle than wrmn
eyk is a monkey, tfawkye is a crocodile, so tfawkye is more likely to be in an african jungle than eyk
pmcc is a monkey, rxxqdzp is a crocodile, so rxxqdzp is more likely to be in an african jungle than pmcc
hjoovsk is a monkey, phiebbmrkjj is a crocodile, so phiebbmrkjj is more likely to be in an african jungle than hjoovsk
emshrwehwk is a monkey, qvurxhxpz is a crocodile, so qvurxhxpz is more likely to be in an african jungle than emshrwehwk
ojdpm is a monkey, dqgfl is a crocodile, so dqgfl is more likely to be in an african jungle than ojdpm
jcj is a monkey, jrs is a crocodile, so jcj is not less likely to be in an african jungle than jrs
sugt is a monkey, axzkixd is a crocodile, so sugt is not less likely to be in an african jungle than axzkixd
nagfpb is a monkey, ntgjghehd is a crocodile, so nagfpb is not less likely to be in an african jungle than ntgjghehd
ednsmsciafzk is a monkey, liefxbwe is a crocodile, so ednsmsciafzk is not less likely to be in an african jungle than liefxbwe
twodcslgg is a monkey, wlefffsnijm is a crocodile, so twodcslgg is not less likely to be in an african jungle than wlefffsnijm
kxlcra is a monkey, yphirq is a crocodile, so yphirq is not more likely to be in an african jungle than kxlcra
qogjrpxo is a monkey, yytuztixhwlx is a crocodile, so yytuztixhwlx is not more likely to be in an african jungle than qogjrpxo
hesnqcwav is a monkey, alvmjbntrc is a crocodile, so alvmjbntrc is not more likely to be in an african jungle than hesnqcwav
yeqeadjvki is a monkey, ftwzb is a crocodile, so ftwzb is not more likely to be in an african jungle than yeqeadjvki
hjjyhxninp is a monkey, lxyaadxkhwmd is a crocodile, so lxyaadxkhwmd is not more likely to be in an african jungle than hjjyhxninp
naixw is a cheetah, qnxzcovdixny is a kangaroo, so naixw is more likely to catch a gazelle than qnxzcovdixny
lpvhyljl is a cheetah, umdxuyknofk is a kangaroo, so lpvhyljl is more likely to catch a gazelle than umdxuyknofk
siahzlttsiwt is a cheetah, mnemourkuwt is a kangaroo, so siahzlttsiwt is more likely to catch a gazelle than mnemourkuwt
eahqhtftgtm is a cheetah, czsakeojpb is a kangaroo, so eahqhtftgtm is more likely to catch a gazelle than czsakeojpb
slnurtre is a cheetah, xid is a kangaroo, so slnurtre is more likely to catch a gazelle than xid
heisz is a cheetah, eobi is a kangaroo, so eobi is less likely to catch a gazelle than heisz
rcvwndp is a cheetah, qcclsrewptx is a kangaroo, so qcclsrewptx is less likely to catch a gazelle than rcvwndp
hxnkcwieofsw is a cheetah, rompbydnposz is a kangaroo, so rompbydnposz is less likely to catch a gazelle than hxnkcwieofsw
ncid is a cheetah, dvho is a kangaroo, so dvho is less likely to catch a gazelle than ncid
hnn is a cheetah, mexirprie is a kangaroo, so mexirprie is less likely to catch a gazelle than hnn
vvvrhyzpnp is a cheetah, dliwlqrbyl is a kangaroo, so vvvrhyzpnp is not less likely to catch a gazelle than dliwlqrbyl
cjxbopj is a cheetah, ugd is a kangaroo, so cjxbopj is not less likely to catch a gazelle than ugd
ugvhwrwbb is a cheetah, ytof is a kangaroo, so ugvhwrwbb is not less likely to catch a gazelle than ytof
jnzjthvncnlm is a cheetah, yamsf is a kangaroo, so jnzjthvncnlm is not less likely to catch a gazelle than yamsf
lemgc is a cheetah, sznmcwljwbqb is a kangaroo, so lemgc is not less likely to catch a gazelle than sznmcwljwbqb
gqxxkwz is a cheetah, dmj is a kangaroo, so dmj is not more likely to catch a gazelle than gqxxkwz
vnskfdrl is a cheetah, vhzyjnrnoimf is a kangaroo, so vhzyjnrnoimf is not more likely to catch a gazelle than vnskfdrl
peilwu is a cheetah, nvyaptondh is a kangaroo, so nvyaptondh is not more likely to catch a gazelle than peilwu
twnroufawj is a cheetah, bbdzbenm is a kangaroo, so bbdzbenm is not more likely to catch a gazelle than twnroufawj
frugxerc is a cheetah, onogdrwzc is a kangaroo, so onogdrwzc is not more likely to catch a gazelle than frugxerc
ajybwhu is a fish, vsh is a alligator, so ajybwhu is less likely to form cognitive maps than vsh
glpdsonva is a fish, uvk is a alligator, so glpdsonva is less likely to form cognitive maps than uvk
mtnxcx is a fish, gbgak is a alligator, so mtnxcx is less likely to form cognitive maps than gbgak
gjhcev is a fish, esiksjhrjlks is a alligator, so gjhcev is less likely to form cognitive maps than esiksjhrjlks
gdkvjvvg is a fish, dngwzjv is a alligator, so gdkvjvvg is less likely to form cognitive maps than dngwzjv
kdnyqsobtfe is a fish, jegqek is a alligator, so jegqek is less likely to form cognitive maps than kdnyqsobtfe
dyml is a fish, myiexapcs is a alligator, so myiexapcs is less likely to form cognitive maps than dyml
jlifgazu is a fish, mnnnum is a alligator, so mnnnum is less likely to form cognitive maps than jlifgazu
dmoyufnp is a fish, mbcdyjeludyn is a alligator, so mbcdyjeludyn is less likely to form cognitive maps than dmoyufnp
nixuil is a fish, nbtpbbhagrhl is a alligator, so nbtpbbhagrhl is less likely to form cognitive maps than nixuil
jbnsjbxf is a fish, idrl is a alligator, so jbnsjbxf is not less likely to form cognitive maps than idrl
ltitzvayucx is a fish, zohkawdds is a alligator, so ltitzvayucx is not less likely to form cognitive maps than zohkawdds
xrhwkibbyqyd is a fish, fjrawfgqrxhm is a alligator, so xrhwkibbyqyd is not less likely to form cognitive maps than fjrawfgqrxhm
eiliqmzrba is a fish, ytwjmg is a alligator, so eiliqmzrba is not less likely to form cognitive maps than ytwjmg
zwtgf is a fish, zoxoyv is a alligator, so zwtgf is not less likely to form cognitive maps than zoxoyv
ezafrjkt is a fish, spekk is a alligator, so spekk is not more likely to form cognitive maps than ezafrjkt
lflyeqxsqdjx is a fish, hkxaafsxbah is a alligator, so hkxaafsxbah is not more likely to form cognitive maps than lflyeqxsqdjx
kjsc is a fish, pxpbpz is a alligator, so pxpbpz is not more likely to form cognitive maps than kjsc
byswyelg is a fish, bcsxkdnhn is a alligator, so bcsxkdnhn is not more likely to form cognitive maps than byswyelg
ugeg is a fish, chhgwqp is a alligator, so chhgwqp is not more likely to form cognitive maps than ugeg
kmklaj is a horse, vxlwqlebrnj is a fly, so kmklaj is more likely to be in a parade than vxlwqlebrnj
zskxdgaajxyn is a horse, ohkggmmoqm is a fly, so zskxdgaajxyn is more likely to be in a parade than ohkggmmoqm
dlrcbxhtetn is a horse, uozicopixylo is a fly, so dlrcbxhtetn is more likely to be in a parade than uozicopixylo
psyufsvru is a horse, lrp is a fly, so psyufsvru is more likely to be in a parade than lrp
zmkuyosi is a horse, sfuz is a fly, so zmkuyosi is more likely to be in a parade than sfuz
imnucpr is a horse, gizao is a fly, so gizao is less likely to be in a parade than imnucpr
rvbjxbvzux is a horse, grqeqhnt is a fly, so grqeqhnt is less likely to be in a parade than rvbjxbvzux
kprm is a horse, xhxncteo is a fly, so xhxncteo is less likely to be in a parade than kprm
gpykgdpie is a horse, uudh is a fly, so uudh is less likely to be in a parade than gpykgdpie
udwk is a horse, soqnmfvhrrbv is a fly, so soqnmfvhrrbv is less likely to be in a parade than udwk
phmfr is a horse, kirar is a fly, so phmfr is not less likely to be in a parade than kirar
bhicqddrsf is a horse, jhfqsphbyzw is a fly, so bhicqddrsf is not less likely to be in a parade than jhfqsphbyzw
zyzzezrwvfra is a horse, ekak is a fly, so zyzzezrwvfra is not less likely to be in a parade than ekak
bmatiuehl is a horse, fwouvaknyz is a fly, so bmatiuehl is not less likely to be in a parade than fwouvaknyz
stypnrvulk is a horse, dwefjk is a fly, so stypnrvulk is not less likely to be in a parade than dwefjk
arhapre is a horse, rztvgbowdt is a fly, so rztvgbowdt is not more likely to be in a parade than arhapre
ecezyyxpym is a horse, wivn is a fly, so wivn is not more likely to be in a parade than ecezyyxpym
omqztgythpnz is a horse, yabnmjbby is a fly, so yabnmjbby is not more likely to be in a parade than omqztgythpnz
rajo is a horse, yohoofbhs is a fly, so yohoofbhs is not more likely to be in a parade than rajo
xugnwd is a horse, yykvndyrcbo is a fly, so yykvndyrcbo is not more likely to be in a parade than xugnwd
grlzc is a tiger, irmdgmolci is a bear, so grlzc is less likely to eat than irmdgmolci
nvbpqzrx is a tiger, rnoav is a bear, so nvbpqzrx is less likely to eat than rnoav
oeojjpmfaamc is a tiger, jydz is a bear, so oeojjpmfaamc is less likely to eat than jydz
lwifgaga is a tiger, hbav is a bear, so lwifgaga is less likely to eat than hbav
zcbvgqvtve is a tiger, fksbbua is a bear, so zcbvgqvtve is less likely to eat than fksbbua
afjnckvpd is a tiger, qfyzfrzcvl is a bear, so qfyzfrzcvl is less likely to eat than afjnckvpd
slskj is a tiger, cwgwgvsxx is a bear, so cwgwgvsxx is less likely to eat than slskj
psziojiybxxd is a tiger, igswwmu is a bear, so igswwmu is less likely to eat than psziojiybxxd
hmcxwwk is a tiger, hrstggeiawji is a bear, so hrstggeiawji is less likely to eat than hmcxwwk
rmwqe is a tiger, gmj is a bear, so gmj is less likely to eat than rmwqe
muewkllbmg is a tiger, eozummd is a bear, so muewkllbmg is not less likely to eat than eozummd
umzfdleexd is a tiger, aho is a bear, so umzfdleexd is not less likely to eat than aho
oxdxionmoyl is a tiger, yvfval is a bear, so oxdxionmoyl is not less likely to eat than yvfval
mol is a tiger, srb is a bear, so mol is not less likely to eat than srb
rceexaswqqd is a tiger, kcskaladtt is a bear, so rceexaswqqd is not less likely to eat than kcskaladtt
opbk is a tiger, dtdgooj is a bear, so dtdgooj is not more likely to eat than opbk
alhcxmmlpckc is a tiger, rtqbntxk is a bear, so rtqbntxk is not more likely to eat than alhcxmmlpckc
lzmdbymzqr is a tiger, qpvhtqwxqes is a bear, so qpvhtqwxqes is not more likely to eat than lzmdbymzqr
fvjacfmdvo is a tiger, aonzifrj is a bear, so aonzifrj is not more likely to eat than fvjacfmdvo
xniidrqhf is a tiger, emobovg is a bear, so emobovg is not more likely to eat than xniidrqhf
ewhlvs is a chicken, wljpskbdcx is a pig, so ewhlvs is less likely to be food than wljpskbdcx
cimwhoru is a chicken, fsh is a pig, so cimwhoru is less likely to be food than fsh
vbkogq is a chicken, xwpg is a pig, so vbkogq is less likely to be food than xwpg
lylb is a chicken, ljkl is a pig, so lylb is less likely to be food than ljkl
xlgtgifoflj is a chicken, poenxbpnz is a pig, so xlgtgifoflj is less likely to be food than poenxbpnz
goozjnwd is a chicken, zfofv is a pig, so zfofv is less likely to be food than goozjnwd
fzyt is a chicken, aqe is a pig, so aqe is less likely to be food than fzyt
fxtacjmzb is a chicken, lzxhfhuktprp is a pig, so lzxhfhuktprp is less likely to be food than fxtacjmzb
knwhzwsjts is a chicken, nja is a pig, so nja is less likely to be food than knwhzwsjts
yjw is a chicken, ruvqfrtiqrv is a pig, so ruvqfrtiqrv is less likely to be food than yjw
spstdycvn is a chicken, xmbgzjcgx is a pig, so spstdycvn is not more food than xmbgzjcgx
lftrvt is a chicken, pnhhzr is a pig, so lftrvt is not more food than pnhhzr
cxgzyc is a chicken, kbquowkea is a pig, so cxgzyc is not more food than kbquowkea
hqijmx is a chicken, cifvepmwyqm is a pig, so hqijmx is not more food than cifvepmwyqm
mxqz is a chicken, khna is a pig, so mxqz is not more food than khna
efkelwawnt is a chicken, ieqpznnyye is a pig, so ieqpznnyye is not more likely to be food than efkelwawnt
aco is a chicken, klrmzpqaty is a pig, so klrmzpqaty is not more likely to be food than aco
dwlducdgqwo is a chicken, erkgb is a pig, so erkgb is not more likely to be food than dwlducdgqwo
apjiu is a chicken, nxcuqbrkk is a pig, so nxcuqbrkk is not more likely to be food than apjiu
dzljjiuoj is a chicken, kevrjvcx is a pig, so kevrjvcx is not more likely to be food than dzljjiuoj
rsv is a turtle, hffzvutvn is a horse, so rsv is more likely to race a hare than hffzvutvn
mvoytxe is a turtle, bkneyaq is a horse, so mvoytxe is more likely to race a hare than bkneyaq
wntwjcrnuy is a turtle, fdyojnrtt is a horse, so wntwjcrnuy is more likely to race a hare than fdyojnrtt
oozpv is a turtle, urdwczfneinm is a horse, so oozpv is more likely to race a hare than urdwczfneinm
pwirssqo is a turtle, glrgbpdvbr is a horse, so pwirssqo is more likely to race a hare than glrgbpdvbr
nfhbwhel is a turtle, ogcswg is a horse, so ogcswg is less likely to race a hare than nfhbwhel
mljr is a turtle, fjty is a horse, so fjty is less likely to race a hare than mljr
agbf is a turtle, tbtinxb is a horse, so tbtinxb is less likely to race a hare than agbf
drwiro is a turtle, xkdcx is a horse, so xkdcx is less likely to race a hare than drwiro
pnivk is a turtle, rienibcl is a horse, so rienibcl is less likely to race a hare than pnivk
wom is a turtle, oasnetngsk is a horse, so wom is not less likely to race a hare than oasnetngsk
pjcjuujkh is a turtle, qrvai is a horse, so pjcjuujkh is not less likely to race a hare than qrvai
edayqttfk is a turtle, xcjtt is a horse, so edayqttfk is not less likely to race a hare than xcjtt
cywqztzabs is a turtle, unep is a horse, so cywqztzabs is not less likely to race a hare than unep
mzczt is a turtle, ubstieqezk is a horse, so mzczt is not less likely to race a hare than ubstieqezk
wploqi is a turtle, gldzeslez is a horse, so gldzeslez is not more likely to race a hare than wploqi
ygxvoobhut is a turtle, brknh is a horse, so brknh is not more likely to race a hare than ygxvoobhut
hburvwwnqhpc is a turtle, yljusjbsn is a horse, so yljusjbsn is not more likely to race a hare than hburvwwnqhpc
icdqnxpisfc is a turtle, huqknlzcaq is a horse, so huqknlzcaq is not more likely to race a hare than icdqnxpisfc
ovbrissualcq is a turtle, jwddqcleremo is a horse, so jwddqcleremo is not more likely to race a hare than ovbrissualcq
bidxfdikhwz is a dog, wwglclpw is a seal, so bidxfdikhwz is more likely to mark its territory than wwglclpw
cqriuepzz is a dog, xmiuzlnjgjm is a seal, so cqriuepzz is more likely to mark its territory than xmiuzlnjgjm
grbvrvrxr is a dog, gjvlkhhs is a seal, so grbvrvrxr is more likely to mark its territory than gjvlkhhs
lucvhqjrh is a dog, voysinbwlf is a seal, so lucvhqjrh is more likely to mark its territory than voysinbwlf
pbyfu is a dog, heiimhc is a seal, so pbyfu is more likely to mark its territory than heiimhc
ozizsmg is a dog, rytrjznb is a seal, so rytrjznb is less likely to mark its territory than ozizsmg
tketoux is a dog, wnpvwureffih is a seal, so wnpvwureffih is less likely to mark its territory than tketoux
xqwltdfmrqvv is a dog, uekiwe is a seal, so uekiwe is less likely to mark its territory than xqwltdfmrqvv
lovxkeses is a dog, lrrdx is a seal, so lrrdx is less likely to mark its territory than lovxkeses
airomnwb is a dog, tzxinpsxbb is a seal, so tzxinpsxbb is less likely to mark its territory than airomnwb
rryhemarajbm is a dog, jlh is a seal, so rryhemarajbm is not less likely to mark its territory than jlh
mqeirh is a dog, lkdwb is a seal, so mqeirh is not less likely to mark its territory than lkdwb
jaeoukc is a dog, lzagy is a seal, so jaeoukc is not less likely to mark its territory than lzagy
hnxkpfnf is a dog, kjuga is a seal, so hnxkpfnf is not less likely to mark its territory than kjuga
dexcac is a dog, mdzlp is a seal, so dexcac is not less likely to mark its territory than mdzlp
fnsedeb is a dog, fhwlsagap is a seal, so fhwlsagap is not more likely to mark its territory than fnsedeb
rhw is a dog, oocnwagbpznd is a seal, so oocnwagbpznd is not more likely to mark its territory than rhw
cqerbbnq is a dog, wtn is a seal, so wtn is not more likely to mark its territory than cqerbbnq
vzh is a dog, dqdyasrhllrx is a seal, so dqdyasrhllrx is not more likely to mark its territory than vzh
vvaio is a dog, ovamzajwi is a seal, so ovamzajwi is not more likely to mark its territory than vvaio
clzqklvr is a chicken, ebivgbolx is a cheetah, so clzqklvr is more likely to be a pet than ebivgbolx
zsqdyv is a chicken, wcwiieuj is a cheetah, so zsqdyv is more likely to be a pet than wcwiieuj
orxrh is a chicken, tdolrti is a cheetah, so orxrh is more likely to be a pet than tdolrti
ppwgqfl is a chicken, wexttub is a cheetah, so ppwgqfl is more likely to be a pet than wexttub
ecnidxq is a chicken, jujwxjx is a cheetah, so ecnidxq is more likely to be a pet than jujwxjx
iyhqummbban is a chicken, enipi is a cheetah, so enipi is less likely to be a pet than iyhqummbban
spicteogom is a chicken, gsazw is a cheetah, so gsazw is less likely to be a pet than spicteogom
cyrtfwxhzhcx is a chicken, mwz is a cheetah, so mwz is less likely to be a pet than cyrtfwxhzhcx
hskcyzjwdp is a chicken, aqrxnbxqdqgp is a cheetah, so aqrxnbxqdqgp is less likely to be a pet than hskcyzjwdp
xvhpfl is a chicken, kks is a cheetah, so kks is less likely to be a pet than xvhpfl
ozpsb is a chicken, pal is a cheetah, so ozpsb is not less likely to be a pet than pal
gtcgnmzvr is a chicken, ethetsz is a cheetah, so gtcgnmzvr is not less likely to be a pet than ethetsz
lkpxse is a chicken, ulwc is a cheetah, so lkpxse is not less likely to be a pet than ulwc
alwnwdz is a chicken, syxhj is a cheetah, so alwnwdz is not less likely to be a pet than syxhj
opq is a chicken, jpvnmsgexwv is a cheetah, so opq is not less likely to be a pet than jpvnmsgexwv
aqeshtrs is a chicken, fnjojmsrddb is a cheetah, so fnjojmsrddb is not more likely to be a pet than aqeshtrs
nrb is a chicken, yuoeciq is a cheetah, so yuoeciq is not more likely to be a pet than nrb
odsvk is a chicken, tnkhz is a cheetah, so tnkhz is not more likely to be a pet than odsvk
kwxjpabauqlp is a chicken, jmunll is a cheetah, so jmunll is not more likely to be a pet than kwxjpabauqlp
sbhxibfwfd is a chicken, fngyg is a cheetah, so fngyg is not more likely to be a pet than sbhxibfwfd
zqtktnwq is a ant, jeot is a scorpion, so zqtktnwq is more likely to be on the carpet than jeot
kiyiukyjnu is a ant, igwmamsfqjqt is a scorpion, so kiyiukyjnu is more likely to be on the carpet than igwmamsfqjqt
wouuoe is a ant, jeqs is a scorpion, so wouuoe is more likely to be on the carpet than jeqs
yjrktd is a ant, lds is a scorpion, so yjrktd is more likely to be on the carpet than lds
yzrxmqwgap is a ant, chyymcbi is a scorpion, so yzrxmqwgap is more likely to be on the carpet than chyymcbi
xfdgj is a ant, udb is a scorpion, so udb is less likely to be on the carpet than xfdgj
ohsmmut is a ant, ucnoshmg is a scorpion, so ucnoshmg is less likely to be on the carpet than ohsmmut
wvejrfzr is a ant, dgwmyno is a scorpion, so dgwmyno is less likely to be on the carpet than wvejrfzr
saw is a ant, euz is a scorpion, so euz is less likely to be on the carpet than saw
dco is a ant, koyj is a scorpion, so koyj is less likely to be on the carpet than dco
vqwfzvbbf is a ant, jgndjjfhnwnw is a scorpion, so vqwfzvbbf is not less likely to be on the carpet than jgndjjfhnwnw
akutjwdper is a ant, olyybhoahifi is a scorpion, so akutjwdper is not less likely to be on the carpet than olyybhoahifi
owku is a ant, sschvyfi is a scorpion, so owku is not less likely to be on the carpet than sschvyfi
nopbjubqi is a ant, lxvatnlweonp is a scorpion, so nopbjubqi is not less likely to be on the carpet than lxvatnlweonp
ukifd is a ant, feyjsbm is a scorpion, so ukifd is not less likely to be on the carpet than feyjsbm
bpcri is a ant, acsmtyy is a scorpion, so acsmtyy is not more likely to be on the carpet than bpcri
xncnowlgrj is a ant, ktjauqt is a scorpion, so ktjauqt is not more likely to be on the carpet than xncnowlgrj
klhjnhgkv is a ant, ustvd is a scorpion, so ustvd is not more likely to be on the carpet than klhjnhgkv
icugcninr is a ant, srgzvylm is a scorpion, so srgzvylm is not more likely to be on the carpet than icugcninr
wmkkfejvkwqa is a ant, jytsizd is a scorpion, so jytsizd is not more likely to be on the carpet than wmkkfejvkwqa
pckfiure is a horse, rvdqd is a seal, so pckfiure is less likely to drink water than rvdqd
dulx is a horse, jnfqau is a seal, so dulx is less likely to drink water than jnfqau
mlne is a horse, xoqqcfitj is a seal, so mlne is less likely to drink water than xoqqcfitj
sffnmcc is a horse, vynkjrtxvjzc is a seal, so sffnmcc is less likely to drink water than vynkjrtxvjzc
xcojxkls is a horse, tqdbjg is a seal, so xcojxkls is less likely to drink water than tqdbjg
gsbu is a horse, nyfhhvhx is a seal, so nyfhhvhx is less likely to drink water than gsbu
zxeniexpbyh is a horse, emimyd is a seal, so emimyd is less likely to drink water than zxeniexpbyh
scdy is a horse, akycavgetvk is a seal, so akycavgetvk is less likely to drink water than scdy
svhfxpig is a horse, rsbunzsffi is a seal, so rsbunzsffi is less likely to drink water than svhfxpig
pkix is a horse, sslzspwybpsy is a seal, so sslzspwybpsy is less likely to drink water than pkix
psjvyzwt is a horse, iwujnc is a seal, so psjvyzwt is not less likely to drink water than iwujnc
jele is a horse, ymgcbc is a seal, so jele is not less likely to drink water than ymgcbc
swpgsaoqbond is a horse, vgofspqkw is a seal, so swpgsaoqbond is not less likely to drink water than vgofspqkw
akxele is a horse, zsaximnzn is a seal, so akxele is not less likely to drink water than zsaximnzn
pekcegyihf is a horse, djrwqv is a seal, so pekcegyihf is not less likely to drink water than djrwqv
ffbdwr is a horse, ppxckwvgsio is a seal, so ppxckwvgsio is not more likely to drink water than ffbdwr
wzau is a horse, yemmeyh is a seal, so yemmeyh is not more likely to drink water than wzau
bzvki is a horse, txlqa is a seal, so txlqa is not more likely to drink water than bzvki
oannmqomib is a horse, uvugbrn is a seal, so uvugbrn is not more likely to drink water than oannmqomib
ltrzsyfqrm is a horse, qdychfi is a seal, so qdychfi is not more likely to drink water than ltrzsyfqrm
sfixvl is a fox, bwrl is a turtle, so sfixvl is more likely to be in a wooded area than bwrl
yenplw is a fox, mejmhiqowdu is a turtle, so yenplw is more likely to be in a wooded area than mejmhiqowdu
uuhbi is a fox, nzggwh is a turtle, so uuhbi is more likely to be in a wooded area than nzggwh
miszbjxjwit is a fox, ziuxthpn is a turtle, so miszbjxjwit is more likely to be in a wooded area than ziuxthpn
bsodddq is a fox, xhjhnvd is a turtle, so bsodddq is more likely to be in a wooded area than xhjhnvd
rjgjmvbgcnk is a fox, vmci is a turtle, so vmci is less likely to be in a wooded area than rjgjmvbgcnk
ybe is a fox, dagwoqe is a turtle, so dagwoqe is less likely to be in a wooded area than ybe
xeskkdly is a fox, oaim is a turtle, so oaim is less likely to be in a wooded area than xeskkdly
xheskoh is a fox, niscceyh is a turtle, so niscceyh is less likely to be in a wooded area than xheskoh
plfizioppax is a fox, chczzjmhksii is a turtle, so chczzjmhksii is less likely to be in a wooded area than plfizioppax
fjyiz is a fox, dsdgr is a turtle, so fjyiz is not less likely to be in a wooded area than dsdgr
nmjkwcssshw is a fox, vbwkdqexj is a turtle, so nmjkwcssshw is not less likely to be in a wooded area than vbwkdqexj
jofogvnezppy is a fox, wla is a turtle, so jofogvnezppy is not less likely to be in a wooded area than wla
dbnlhizpx is a fox, rfsmqnvdq is a turtle, so dbnlhizpx is not less likely to be in a wooded area than rfsmqnvdq
gldsrvbcb is a fox, ohtwwuj is a turtle, so gldsrvbcb is not less likely to be in a wooded area than ohtwwuj
qdghj is a fox, ctridforj is a turtle, so ctridforj is not more likely to be in a wooded area than qdghj
dwkih is a fox, raqifbwhdvkb is a turtle, so raqifbwhdvkb is not more likely to be in a wooded area than dwkih
fhuajiabkiw is a fox, uwhlb is a turtle, so uwhlb is not more likely to be in a wooded area than fhuajiabkiw
eqsqrkmvto is a fox, spmj is a turtle, so spmj is not more likely to be in a wooded area than eqsqrkmvto
ymbfwutfnkn is a fox, hlecfn is a turtle, so hlecfn is not more likely to be in a wooded area than ymbfwutfnkn
gpy is a rabbit, qezqdtr is a alligator, so gpy is more likely to appear suddenly than qezqdtr
mobqy is a rabbit, nmffvewi is a alligator, so mobqy is more likely to appear suddenly than nmffvewi
eovgnjbvvlfx is a rabbit, esrtxhsen is a alligator, so eovgnjbvvlfx is more likely to appear suddenly than esrtxhsen
qecxdmdk is a rabbit, spov is a alligator, so qecxdmdk is more likely to appear suddenly than spov
cdkjt is a rabbit, xtpelworunac is a alligator, so cdkjt is more likely to appear suddenly than xtpelworunac
ynpiwib is a rabbit, mgaep is a alligator, so mgaep is less likely to appear suddenly than ynpiwib
evvpahr is a rabbit, ffqxjgyifat is a alligator, so ffqxjgyifat is less likely to appear suddenly than evvpahr
urqwjkdcxcs is a rabbit, ipqwsou is a alligator, so ipqwsou is less likely to appear suddenly than urqwjkdcxcs
wxh is a rabbit, thejkke is a alligator, so thejkke is less likely to appear suddenly than wxh
gghmqlkkcd is a rabbit, ten is a alligator, so ten is less likely to appear suddenly than gghmqlkkcd
ingmwtcvwcr is a rabbit, ttnugupjwp is a alligator, so ingmwtcvwcr is not less likely to appear suddenly than ttnugupjwp
ogag is a rabbit, rfsx is a alligator, so ogag is not less likely to appear suddenly than rfsx
lmrtapp is a rabbit, gwxufvbfj is a alligator, so lmrtapp is not less likely to appear suddenly than gwxufvbfj
rpxuzi is a rabbit, gyt is a alligator, so rpxuzi is not less likely to appear suddenly than gyt
dqpppdahw is a rabbit, datinqf is a alligator, so dqpppdahw is not less likely to appear suddenly than datinqf
bnnwgsocdh is a rabbit, uyxz is a alligator, so uyxz is not more likely to appear suddenly than bnnwgsocdh
xcouvj is a rabbit, kuc is a alligator, so kuc is not more likely to appear suddenly than xcouvj
ixeuy is a rabbit, uilxw is a alligator, so uilxw is not more likely to appear suddenly than ixeuy
jrlfi is a rabbit, yheribis is a alligator, so yheribis is not more likely to appear suddenly than jrlfi
eamrzmhyk is a rabbit, jhhdmg is a alligator, so jhhdmg is not more likely to appear suddenly than eamrzmhyk
wjlrficclbqw is a chicken, qfmiuogdab is a bird, so wjlrficclbqw is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than qfmiuogdab
exxvtgjzf is a chicken, frqpvdckb is a bird, so exxvtgjzf is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than frqpvdckb
tyctnvypi is a chicken, gagudvrncm is a bird, so tyctnvypi is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than gagudvrncm
sygrpxwcl is a chicken, mmmjiwh is a bird, so sygrpxwcl is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than mmmjiwh
qdzrpsuzrvwl is a chicken, wplqxtw is a bird, so qdzrpsuzrvwl is more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than wplqxtw
xeaaxceckotw is a chicken, zqdmseub is a bird, so zqdmseub is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than xeaaxceckotw
nczbapvnl is a chicken, aetzmzgwaufo is a bird, so aetzmzgwaufo is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than nczbapvnl
wwpmnsgye is a chicken, hitnym is a bird, so hitnym is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than wwpmnsgye
xnrkny is a chicken, yqiwm is a bird, so yqiwm is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than xnrkny
cqmswlwic is a chicken, lrtgjjtoikm is a bird, so lrtgjjtoikm is less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than cqmswlwic
hntmhivo is a chicken, uihqfetfsb is a bird, so hntmhivo is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than uihqfetfsb
dewzqa is a chicken, crnpuvcq is a bird, so dewzqa is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than crnpuvcq
rmc is a chicken, dfkxrkoa is a bird, so rmc is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than dfkxrkoa
hvrrpxhm is a chicken, mfokmtznh is a bird, so hvrrpxhm is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than mfokmtznh
uvv is a chicken, xwx is a bird, so uvv is not less likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than xwx
qkcnwvrl is a chicken, zwinqc is a bird, so zwinqc is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than qkcnwvrl
cupmvvz is a chicken, vucexxvjwk is a bird, so vucexxvjwk is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than cupmvvz
pphpaisaefz is a chicken, vmsd is a bird, so vmsd is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than pphpaisaefz
gzeiuaevaciy is a chicken, bkhypfy is a bird, so bkhypfy is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than gzeiuaevaciy
yfowtu is a chicken, hldp is a bird, so hldp is not more likely to be in a fast-food restaurant than yfowtu
ytln is a deer, gtkwxmrzxxlc is a bird, so ytln is more likely to be in north america than gtkwxmrzxxlc
tgq is a deer, vxgofw is a bird, so tgq is more likely to be in north america than vxgofw
chmasegt is a deer, wff is a bird, so chmasegt is more likely to be in north america than wff
jwozddo is a deer, mua is a bird, so jwozddo is more likely to be in north america than mua
etwfnladlygj is a deer, kaahyv is a bird, so etwfnladlygj is more likely to be in north america than kaahyv
bgd is a deer, gxzuylgun is a bird, so gxzuylgun is less likely to be in north america than bgd
eqqmn is a deer, ckrjftfa is a bird, so ckrjftfa is less likely to be in north america than eqqmn
narlhbro is a deer, odajuhjoe is a bird, so odajuhjoe is less likely to be in north america than narlhbro
cjenpa is a deer, weebj is a bird, so weebj is less likely to be in north america than cjenpa
klogthfschyb is a deer, bqfvrqxcguz is a bird, so bqfvrqxcguz is less likely to be in north america than klogthfschyb
fukdqq is a deer, avs is a bird, so fukdqq is not less likely to be in africa than avs
qtvvn is a deer, ndt is a bird, so qtvvn is not less likely to be in africa than ndt
xanxglmgss is a deer, grjbokj is a bird, so xanxglmgss is not less likely to be in africa than grjbokj
klw is a deer, yhvhjfay is a bird, so klw is not less likely to be in africa than yhvhjfay
xfrlvvedrxn is a deer, sqjdt is a bird, so xfrlvvedrxn is not less likely to be in africa than sqjdt
lkrsbqb is a deer, mlc is a bird, so mlc is not more likely to be in north america than lkrsbqb
lfaj is a deer, vntvjvsy is a bird, so vntvjvsy is not more likely to be in north america than lfaj
esbqeph is a deer, skbkpik is a bird, so skbkpik is not more likely to be in north america than esbqeph
beignv is a deer, uukfcycgjchr is a bird, so uukfcycgjchr is not more likely to be in north america than beignv
vpncyni is a deer, ikdz is a bird, so ikdz is not more likely to be in north america than vpncyni
skfoupwdasm is a pig, aouzcl is a owl, so skfoupwdasm is more likely to be on the fairgrounds than aouzcl
hjrha is a pig, pmsvhchxlgvg is a owl, so hjrha is more likely to be on the fairgrounds than pmsvhchxlgvg
zlwpuxcr is a pig, mshr is a owl, so zlwpuxcr is more likely to be on the fairgrounds than mshr
fgvwgvr is a pig, jwlfxwrjny is a owl, so fgvwgvr is more likely to be on the fairgrounds than jwlfxwrjny
wmtgfxhs is a pig, xom is a owl, so wmtgfxhs is more likely to be on the fairgrounds than xom
djikgcz is a pig, tylv is a owl, so tylv is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than djikgcz
bqmmg is a pig, wtfakf is a owl, so wtfakf is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than bqmmg
qeswkdmdeugl is a pig, dcupqcywxl is a owl, so dcupqcywxl is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than qeswkdmdeugl
tngubwjlq is a pig, qizxun is a owl, so qizxun is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than tngubwjlq
zblhf is a pig, gsetumykduh is a owl, so gsetumykduh is less likely to be on the fairgrounds than zblhf
hjsrvzrossak is a pig, bsahtenbddw is a owl, so hjsrvzrossak is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than bsahtenbddw
psdqliqtrevk is a pig, pnvsu is a owl, so psdqliqtrevk is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than pnvsu
oqoi is a pig, cujadncgeo is a owl, so oqoi is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than cujadncgeo
mfozdvbrvot is a pig, lhrwijo is a owl, so mfozdvbrvot is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than lhrwijo
rssefigvlnq is a pig, dlx is a owl, so rssefigvlnq is not less likely to be on the fairgrounds than dlx
axhsgrocjk is a pig, lrw is a owl, so lrw is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than axhsgrocjk
uwiapscv is a pig, vrbbjzwihu is a owl, so vrbbjzwihu is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than uwiapscv
lzgbex is a pig, foculxkcvfjv is a owl, so foculxkcvfjv is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than lzgbex
grmsiufmrpt is a pig, wggnsvlfmhjj is a owl, so wggnsvlfmhjj is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than grmsiufmrpt
nwjrlobrksnj is a pig, bjhhlv is a owl, so bjhhlv is not more likely to be on the fairgrounds than nwjrlobrksnj
kixocngcckl is a snake, gfvxonalp is a alligator, so kixocngcckl is more likely to be in a garden than gfvxonalp
evtodetg is a snake, hlmfwp is a alligator, so evtodetg is more likely to be in a garden than hlmfwp
pwcqaytfs is a snake, xktpu is a alligator, so pwcqaytfs is more likely to be in a garden than xktpu
ikmunmqp is a snake, wfnwxbiuotbc is a alligator, so ikmunmqp is more likely to be in a garden than wfnwxbiuotbc
kziywolrlyuc is a snake, isn is a alligator, so kziywolrlyuc is more likely to be in a garden than isn
uxi is a snake, wtgjyc is a alligator, so wtgjyc is less likely to be in a garden than uxi
ffniqfht is a snake, gprwanxoa is a alligator, so gprwanxoa is less likely to be in a garden than ffniqfht
ighqewz is a snake, ssjn is a alligator, so ssjn is less likely to be in a garden than ighqewz
fdtbaog is a snake, ududrbkpg is a alligator, so ududrbkpg is less likely to be in a garden than fdtbaog
tsszxges is a snake, wxlmeeybhyx is a alligator, so wxlmeeybhyx is less likely to be in a garden than tsszxges
yrw is a snake, jjjeo is a alligator, so yrw is not less likely to be in a garden than jjjeo
aimsewogbjg is a snake, jkihxcinjpe is a alligator, so aimsewogbjg is not less likely to be in a garden than jkihxcinjpe
kuuk is a snake, bksm is a alligator, so kuuk is not less likely to be in a garden than bksm
sfosuqrb is a snake, exwvnmgzc is a alligator, so sfosuqrb is not less likely to be in a garden than exwvnmgzc
xnwgb is a snake, gljztsld is a alligator, so xnwgb is not less likely to be in a garden than gljztsld
cnehfxws is a snake, utunly is a alligator, so utunly is not more likely to be in a garden than cnehfxws
xwr is a snake, pyqcqk is a alligator, so pyqcqk is not more likely to be in a garden than xwr
lyffrcvipmji is a snake, gmxd is a alligator, so gmxd is not more likely to be in a garden than lyffrcvipmji
nzazizqmjwkx is a snake, xfezg is a alligator, so xfezg is not more likely to be in a garden than nzazizqmjwkx
nydmgaf is a snake, ljixtpdlokp is a alligator, so ljixtpdlokp is not more likely to be in a garden than nydmgaf
vibh is a spider, xbflp is a rabbit, so vibh is more likely to kill an insect than xbflp
fmqriplemrul is a spider, amm is a rabbit, so fmqriplemrul is more likely to kill an insect than amm
ersciojn is a spider, mzgykij is a rabbit, so ersciojn is more likely to kill an insect than mzgykij
ktfdpay is a spider, lrwnwnq is a rabbit, so ktfdpay is more likely to kill an insect than lrwnwnq
pfhiuqxrhw is a spider, irviji is a rabbit, so pfhiuqxrhw is more likely to kill an insect than irviji
aspqup is a spider, goerrp is a rabbit, so goerrp is less likely to kill an insect than aspqup
xqiavrgufi is a spider, pvmkdpaqo is a rabbit, so pvmkdpaqo is less likely to kill an insect than xqiavrgufi
ghpatoezb is a spider, ujfktormpm is a rabbit, so ujfktormpm is less likely to kill an insect than ghpatoezb
nrszinyqe is a spider, etnpladn is a rabbit, so etnpladn is less likely to kill an insect than nrszinyqe
gdlcixwxtsrx is a spider, nchxdcerjfj is a rabbit, so nchxdcerjfj is less likely to kill an insect than gdlcixwxtsrx
phkpbwrc is a spider, nuuzsn is a rabbit, so phkpbwrc is not less likely to kill an insect than nuuzsn
vps is a spider, ibdwjfpcaqzj is a rabbit, so vps is not less likely to kill an insect than ibdwjfpcaqzj
buzwkbjzvl is a spider, obbfvbcdd is a rabbit, so buzwkbjzvl is not less likely to kill an insect than obbfvbcdd
btwk is a spider, ajlowg is a rabbit, so btwk is not less likely to kill an insect than ajlowg
xiepczk is a spider, yiblxc is a rabbit, so xiepczk is not less likely to kill an insect than yiblxc
lcoc is a spider, hebicmj is a rabbit, so hebicmj is not more likely to kill an insect than lcoc
nyvb is a spider, lmfdv is a rabbit, so lmfdv is not more likely to kill an insect than nyvb
usopyoo is a spider, mektyp is a rabbit, so mektyp is not more likely to kill an insect than usopyoo
rgovrf is a spider, dpi is a rabbit, so dpi is not more likely to kill an insect than rgovrf
nbgoqolzm is a spider, mvypbnrypu is a rabbit, so mvypbnrypu is not more likely to kill an insect than nbgoqolzm
dwxecgf is a monkey, qkxunqejyu is a frog, so dwxecgf is more likely to be in a tree than qkxunqejyu
xqdkyzsxxndu is a monkey, khkyhlo is a frog, so xqdkyzsxxndu is more likely to be in a tree than khkyhlo
ubhvg is a monkey, winje is a frog, so ubhvg is more likely to be in a tree than winje
lwh is a monkey, byjdin is a frog, so lwh is more likely to be in a tree than byjdin
ohxiqb is a monkey, dxwkjefu is a frog, so ohxiqb is more likely to be in a tree than dxwkjefu
zjcmxaz is a monkey, xjzkxvv is a frog, so xjzkxvv is less likely to move from one tree to another than zjcmxaz
sfkbuxbtv is a monkey, rniucr is a frog, so rniucr is less likely to move from one tree to another than sfkbuxbtv
eudzha is a monkey, ziobf is a frog, so ziobf is less likely to move from one tree to another than eudzha
bhwm is a monkey, krpqq is a frog, so krpqq is less likely to move from one tree to another than bhwm
hfkmjtkrgp is a monkey, jrhxuk is a frog, so jrhxuk is less likely to move from one tree to another than hfkmjtkrgp
vylrlrer is a monkey, aoaxj is a frog, so vylrlrer is not less likely to move from one tree to another than aoaxj
dpjobseqwkj is a monkey, pnnomkgrl is a frog, so dpjobseqwkj is not less likely to move from one tree to another than pnnomkgrl
knizgmsb is a monkey, htukleaz is a frog, so knizgmsb is not less likely to move from one tree to another than htukleaz
zpqnji is a monkey, cpylcuiwf is a frog, so zpqnji is not less likely to move from one tree to another than cpylcuiwf
tdzj is a monkey, ympb is a frog, so tdzj is not less likely to move from one tree to another than ympb
knjfouqgp is a monkey, vtfqpl is a frog, so vtfqpl is not more likely to be in a tree than knjfouqgp
jhsh is a monkey, hcc is a frog, so hcc is not more likely to be in a tree than jhsh
uipovbqyxdq is a monkey, hjrmemhhn is a frog, so hjrmemhhn is not more likely to be in a tree than uipovbqyxdq
jnqdyqhpj is a monkey, scvkzhhe is a frog, so scvkzhhe is not more likely to be in a tree than jnqdyqhpj
fsgeorf is a monkey, szhlvz is a frog, so szhlvz is not more likely to be in a tree than fsgeorf
bmycsrkrq is a cow, ewj is a scorpion, so bmycsrkrq is more likely to blow his horn than ewj
ylwxxmcywx is a cow, fwom is a scorpion, so ylwxxmcywx is more likely to blow his horn than fwom
kzf is a cow, lercllsccl is a scorpion, so kzf is more likely to blow his horn than lercllsccl
lqmtm is a cow, fdgiaqrpkoo is a scorpion, so lqmtm is more likely to blow his horn than fdgiaqrpkoo
hubjrqwjc is a cow, tbwwjxzp is a scorpion, so hubjrqwjc is more likely to blow his horn than tbwwjxzp
pcalqrsnxa is a cow, ixzenkxji is a scorpion, so ixzenkxji is less likely to blow his horn than pcalqrsnxa
foairb is a cow, qoats is a scorpion, so qoats is less likely to blow his horn than foairb
dgqjcn is a cow, hsjkhzswe is a scorpion, so hsjkhzswe is less likely to blow his horn than dgqjcn
rgghaewqm is a cow, tkl is a scorpion, so tkl is less likely to blow his horn than rgghaewqm
suu is a cow, dghfgm is a scorpion, so dghfgm is less likely to blow his horn than suu
qiclrn is a cow, rofiorbr is a scorpion, so qiclrn is not less likely to blow his horn than rofiorbr
tsva is a cow, egoyqnsno is a scorpion, so tsva is not less likely to blow his horn than egoyqnsno
xbcisudhhcwy is a cow, cgwfb is a scorpion, so xbcisudhhcwy is not less likely to blow his horn than cgwfb
cezfbiso is a cow, lmymbhuo is a scorpion, so cezfbiso is not less likely to blow his horn than lmymbhuo
gmsvhtqkam is a cow, dcjestr is a scorpion, so gmsvhtqkam is not less likely to blow his horn than dcjestr
mmm is a cow, jgmbnn is a scorpion, so jgmbnn is not more likely to blow his horn than mmm
cidt is a cow, nzuzcenbxn is a scorpion, so nzuzcenbxn is not more likely to blow his horn than cidt
espsbczhoaal is a cow, vdrezdifbjqu is a scorpion, so vdrezdifbjqu is not more likely to blow his horn than espsbczhoaal
orwp is a cow, ddnneqmpz is a scorpion, so ddnneqmpz is not more likely to blow his horn than orwp
yjlnwsxoacbl is a cow, purvlpxq is a scorpion, so purvlpxq is not more likely to blow his horn than yjlnwsxoacbl
zomic is a cat, nhvoxwk is a kangaroo, so zomic is more likely to be in someone's home than nhvoxwk
bzlplfcfddty is a cat, ndnwzutkml is a kangaroo, so bzlplfcfddty is more likely to be in someone's home than ndnwzutkml
jmeshagve is a cat, vwxenso is a kangaroo, so jmeshagve is more likely to be in someone's home than vwxenso
mjcbb is a cat, feh is a kangaroo, so mjcbb is more likely to be in someone's home than feh
agzroxwdsizv is a cat, qpmmgi is a kangaroo, so agzroxwdsizv is more likely to be in someone's home than qpmmgi
datkiwhiq is a cat, pvzgxchf is a kangaroo, so pvzgxchf is less likely to be in someone's home than datkiwhiq
fpxohtqdoh is a cat, kdmjmb is a kangaroo, so kdmjmb is less likely to be in someone's home than fpxohtqdoh
qgm is a cat, sykwf is a kangaroo, so sykwf is less likely to be in someone's home than qgm
nad is a cat, tvcaxpkj is a kangaroo, so tvcaxpkj is less likely to be in someone's home than nad
bfxkkcvqwfps is a cat, landroisqls is a kangaroo, so landroisqls is less likely to be in someone's home than bfxkkcvqwfps
zcp is a cat, uie is a kangaroo, so zcp is not less likely to be in someone's home than uie
tyen is a cat, srb is a kangaroo, so tyen is not less likely to be in someone's home than srb
rqlfusgswl is a cat, noerneouoxzp is a kangaroo, so rqlfusgswl is not less likely to be in someone's home than noerneouoxzp
klzynbcyef is a cat, gbyotrxeqcj is a kangaroo, so klzynbcyef is not less likely to be in someone's home than gbyotrxeqcj
mbaqd is a cat, luisgbop is a kangaroo, so mbaqd is not less likely to be in someone's home than luisgbop
pvosllgvx is a cat, zdiuz is a kangaroo, so zdiuz is not more likely to be in someone's home than pvosllgvx
cqcbqqkgrtl is a cat, iavrkedrxesw is a kangaroo, so iavrkedrxesw is not more likely to be in someone's home than cqcbqqkgrtl
ssepaear is a cat, yzwwe is a kangaroo, so yzwwe is not more likely to be in someone's home than ssepaear
mtdjtdvybcrn is a cat, kqjxzwdmqy is a kangaroo, so kqjxzwdmqy is not more likely to be in someone's home than mtdjtdvybcrn
atwvgehyjtmr is a cat, cyfgdutx is a kangaroo, so cyfgdutx is not more likely to be in someone's home than atwvgehyjtmr
ddotrj is a frog, rkjogpwkb is a kangaroo, so ddotrj is more likely to win a princess than rkjogpwkb
aejw is a frog, asrl is a kangaroo, so aejw is more likely to win a princess than asrl
qbbcnsyotwc is a frog, tte is a kangaroo, so qbbcnsyotwc is more likely to win a princess than tte
gquq is a frog, dgctkacanj is a kangaroo, so gquq is more likely to win a princess than dgctkacanj
wxu is a frog, lfdv is a kangaroo, so wxu is more likely to win a princess than lfdv
cexrtbviotfl is a frog, bxc is a kangaroo, so bxc is less likely to win a princess than cexrtbviotfl
quttgcnn is a frog, xejvap is a kangaroo, so xejvap is less likely to win a princess than quttgcnn
pbsnsoslix is a frog, ykccxlylfsqg is a kangaroo, so ykccxlylfsqg is less likely to win a princess than pbsnsoslix
nydebasbhj is a frog, wfitalwwfr is a kangaroo, so wfitalwwfr is less likely to win a princess than nydebasbhj
lqidtvnind is a frog, xobmjoeff is a kangaroo, so xobmjoeff is less likely to win a princess than lqidtvnind
iqgnz is a frog, icibbyribwgo is a kangaroo, so iqgnz is not less likely to win a princess than icibbyribwgo
fvwkafg is a frog, dyteima is a kangaroo, so fvwkafg is not less likely to win a princess than dyteima
bir is a frog, wbkmtdvfuf is a kangaroo, so bir is not less likely to win a princess than wbkmtdvfuf
rpkmega is a frog, xmicy is a kangaroo, so rpkmega is not less likely to win a princess than xmicy
dhydp is a frog, bpshbpynbkg is a kangaroo, so dhydp is not less likely to win a princess than bpshbpynbkg
wnlorpdewmcg is a frog, gyzfzdlsikq is a kangaroo, so gyzfzdlsikq is not more likely to win a princess than wnlorpdewmcg
kdbboeajdrr is a frog, mkaas is a kangaroo, so mkaas is not more likely to win a princess than kdbboeajdrr
hkmsi is a frog, towqdfqqya is a kangaroo, so towqdfqqya is not more likely to win a princess than hkmsi
npe is a frog, qzbjqwcga is a kangaroo, so qzbjqwcga is not more likely to win a princess than npe
wcozplbvg is a frog, rtli is a kangaroo, so rtli is not more likely to win a princess than wcozplbvg
poeqqhfh is a goat, pfrr is a lobster, so poeqqhfh is more likely to be on a farm than pfrr
ifbrebsntteg is a goat, lfnqpaw is a lobster, so ifbrebsntteg is more likely to be on a farm than lfnqpaw
uwcji is a goat, qjusrfexhvhu is a lobster, so uwcji is more likely to be on a farm than qjusrfexhvhu
ayny is a goat, lpfucjxas is a lobster, so ayny is more likely to be on a farm than lpfucjxas
minkg is a goat, sswuly is a lobster, so minkg is more likely to be on a farm than sswuly
qbphbyp is a goat, soxy is a lobster, so soxy is less likely to be on a farm than qbphbyp
kpjssyp is a goat, qxkty is a lobster, so qxkty is less likely to be on a farm than kpjssyp
yrjlcgwflze is a goat, brucavkll is a lobster, so brucavkll is less likely to be on a farm than yrjlcgwflze
hpmqsgb is a goat, dfmfwoqxlrv is a lobster, so dfmfwoqxlrv is less likely to be on a farm than hpmqsgb
swjrybaee is a goat, azt is a lobster, so azt is less likely to be on a farm than swjrybaee
yakdyw is a goat, mjamw is a lobster, so yakdyw is not less likely to be on a farm than mjamw
ekl is a goat, cddccl is a lobster, so ekl is not less likely to be on a farm than cddccl
hpwxvxar is a goat, xsnti is a lobster, so hpwxvxar is not less likely to be on a farm than xsnti
qxtjvjr is a goat, wcrxvudboc is a lobster, so qxtjvjr is not less likely to be on a farm than wcrxvudboc
kfdw is a goat, pzzvocfczo is a lobster, so kfdw is not less likely to be on a farm than pzzvocfczo
eusn is a goat, xhzpscqp is a lobster, so xhzpscqp is not more likely to be on a farm than eusn
guxrmfyqivcd is a goat, oqlaxft is a lobster, so oqlaxft is not more likely to be on a farm than guxrmfyqivcd
oubwetih is a goat, atdmcs is a lobster, so atdmcs is not more likely to be on a farm than oubwetih
tdr is a goat, cmaihcjkdlhz is a lobster, so cmaihcjkdlhz is not more likely to be on a farm than tdr
atcigcgqc is a goat, ijdccq is a lobster, so ijdccq is not more likely to be on a farm than atcigcgqc
wvj is a spider, dhbulkqjhaw is a horse, so wvj is more likely to be in a web than dhbulkqjhaw
ebemn is a spider, ovlnnxxkck is a horse, so ebemn is more likely to be in a web than ovlnnxxkck
utabcbnpc is a spider, eynootmfoq is a horse, so utabcbnpc is more likely to be in a web than eynootmfoq
wcmbjigcl is a spider, dwjhwfxwxg is a horse, so wcmbjigcl is more likely to be in a web than dwjhwfxwxg
zzpjdq is a spider, iibsqyycnisa is a horse, so zzpjdq is more likely to be in a web than iibsqyycnisa
kxxbeea is a spider, zhisxfeb is a horse, so zhisxfeb is less likely to be in a web than kxxbeea
suslfhjc is a spider, wepju is a horse, so wepju is less likely to be in a web than suslfhjc
qxhyrkcg is a spider, osarzn is a horse, so osarzn is less likely to be in a web than qxhyrkcg
mgvkccnmyu is a spider, uvwabpkow is a horse, so uvwabpkow is less likely to be in a web than mgvkccnmyu
hdll is a spider, upaexf is a horse, so upaexf is less likely to be in a web than hdll
jabkttn is a spider, aay is a horse, so jabkttn is not less likely to be in a web than aay
jjlvtnqpznt is a spider, lyvpiatshnw is a horse, so jjlvtnqpznt is not less likely to be in a web than lyvpiatshnw
lbjezps is a spider, spcws is a horse, so lbjezps is not less likely to be in a web than spcws
zzg is a spider, ngnavkxec is a horse, so zzg is not less likely to be in a web than ngnavkxec
xjmhjhwt is a spider, tgbgbsuptfmt is a horse, so xjmhjhwt is not less likely to be in a web than tgbgbsuptfmt
djmtdia is a spider, ziv is a horse, so ziv is not more likely to be in a web than djmtdia
dvfx is a spider, lstqhwoy is a horse, so lstqhwoy is not more likely to be in a web than dvfx
gqapfzsbgl is a spider, laaerhcsfen is a horse, so laaerhcsfen is not more likely to be in a web than gqapfzsbgl
iohphrdhmucy is a spider, uwqwvvf is a horse, so uwqwvvf is not more likely to be in a web than iohphrdhmucy
rugpm is a spider, blcjcm is a horse, so blcjcm is not more likely to be in a web than rugpm
kqgtdzo is a rat, yltsyut is a deer, so kqgtdzo is more likely to eat wires than yltsyut
gkmmpiyx is a rat, hoqtnz is a deer, so gkmmpiyx is more likely to eat wires than hoqtnz
rmddv is a rat, fseyafaej is a deer, so rmddv is more likely to eat wires than fseyafaej
ifp is a rat, dwwhionluoeu is a deer, so ifp is more likely to eat wires than dwwhionluoeu
iqjkru is a rat, pyannfqqscv is a deer, so iqjkru is more likely to eat wires than pyannfqqscv
yhfopxtsc is a rat, ryyi is a deer, so ryyi is less likely to eat wires than yhfopxtsc
llwnefgoble is a rat, txdij is a deer, so txdij is less likely to eat wires than llwnefgoble
jonsbxuishz is a rat, umbknnnhotw is a deer, so umbknnnhotw is less likely to eat wires than jonsbxuishz
fbwvhthuh is a rat, jrunfiejcgx is a deer, so jrunfiejcgx is less likely to eat wires than fbwvhthuh
wpmzgmfveksf is a rat, sln is a deer, so sln is less likely to eat wires than wpmzgmfveksf
entnifu is a rat, rnmdf is a deer, so entnifu is not less likely to eat wires than rnmdf
yjwfwalujh is a rat, imzo is a deer, so yjwfwalujh is not less likely to eat wires than imzo
nxdpgeiupx is a rat, gwvxecevqrp is a deer, so nxdpgeiupx is not less likely to eat wires than gwvxecevqrp
juxtxwlzhhwk is a rat, xujvucenmtgf is a deer, so juxtxwlzhhwk is not less likely to eat wires than xujvucenmtgf
hwc is a rat, rmcxx is a deer, so hwc is not less likely to eat wires than rmcxx
fjahukyg is a rat, eopteajgsnyw is a deer, so eopteajgsnyw is not more likely to eat wires than fjahukyg
mhbltvpfq is a rat, zedee is a deer, so zedee is not more likely to eat wires than mhbltvpfq
ztoqynrgs is a rat, oga is a deer, so oga is not more likely to eat wires than ztoqynrgs
ghzqpqzkrk is a rat, umbq is a deer, so umbq is not more likely to eat wires than ghzqpqzkrk
upqtfg is a rat, lqybzwjyyt is a deer, so lqybzwjyyt is not more likely to eat wires than upqtfg
impxqpfn is a bird, rodviowmi is a octopus, so impxqpfn is more likely to learn to fly than rodviowmi
tmx is a bird, upuzno is a octopus, so tmx is more likely to learn to fly than upuzno
xktdnncdkg is a bird, smeccft is a octopus, so xktdnncdkg is more likely to learn to fly than smeccft
zvdbam is a bird, chjp is a octopus, so zvdbam is more likely to learn to fly than chjp
zgqo is a bird, ozvrlvmi is a octopus, so zgqo is more likely to learn to fly than ozvrlvmi
yfdtjpsc is a bird, zwqzatbz is an octopus, so zwqzatbz is less likely to fly than yfdtjpsc
pzrfhymyodz is a bird, dzdhhfap is an octopus, so dzdhhfap is less likely to fly than pzrfhymyodz
dcw is a bird, aoe is an octopus, so aoe is less likely to fly than dcw
rvagkmgf is a bird, mkijd is an octopus, so mkijd is less likely to fly than rvagkmgf
balbcrcsnts is a bird, oeahqh is an octopus, so oeahqh is less likely to fly than balbcrcsnts
skeykiasfsl is a bird, lylzke is an octopus, so skeykiasfsl is not less likely to learn to fly than lylzke
emo is a bird, aytleoxh is an octopus, so emo is not less likely to learn to fly than aytleoxh
sekgy is a bird, xobx is an octopus, so sekgy is not less likely to learn to fly than xobx
hwffzo is a bird, oymsbxassfvb is an octopus, so hwffzo is not less likely to learn to fly than oymsbxassfvb
cdpypcij is a bird, ifakodvzudzi is an octopus, so cdpypcij is not less likely to learn to fly than ifakodvzudzi
loqojvbfcmr is a bird, diizlear is an octopus, so diizlear is not more likely to learn to fly than loqojvbfcmr
osifodtjjbw is a bird, alinn is an octopus, so alinn is not more likely to learn to fly than osifodtjjbw
gffpcyjka is a bird, ovbrbg is an octopus, so ovbrbg is not more likely to learn to fly than gffpcyjka
nms is a bird, ufsqcglqzpj is an octopus, so ufsqcglqzpj is not more likely to learn to fly than nms
jmiicurujzii is a bird, ewrzfcog is an octopus, so ewrzfcog is not more likely to learn to fly than jmiicurujzii
eiy is a cat, ilmpid is a panda, so eiy is more likely to drink water than ilmpid
nbgalbzxuqjr is a cat, gomkhypxcmh is a panda, so nbgalbzxuqjr is more likely to drink water than gomkhypxcmh
pabuuf is a cat, kodhyrkknzwd is a panda, so pabuuf is more likely to drink water than kodhyrkknzwd
wbrkhcrokup is a cat, vbnphgeq is a panda, so wbrkhcrokup is more likely to drink water than vbnphgeq
cwhj is a cat, vcekii is a panda, so cwhj is more likely to drink water than vcekii
lygxujnv is a cat, innryvi is a panda, so innryvi is less likely to drink water than lygxujnv
ieyuiuau is a cat, bkynv is a panda, so bkynv is less likely to drink water than ieyuiuau
zgczf is a cat, xmshq is a panda, so xmshq is less likely to drink water than zgczf
rjctbv is a cat, ebqcgp is a panda, so ebqcgp is less likely to drink water than rjctbv
fhakdhyah is a cat, jzoi is a panda, so jzoi is less likely to drink water than fhakdhyah
cvfrdjtju is a cat, ivvfk is a panda, so cvfrdjtju is not more likely to drink water than ivvfk
pivpaoxaixug is a cat, ceyprtqxefpq is a panda, so pivpaoxaixug is not more likely to drink water than ceyprtqxefpq
eyvvyjiyyz is a cat, wgqudhka is a panda, so eyvvyjiyyz is not more likely to drink water than wgqudhka
wmtbs is a cat, vhbkkctp is a panda, so wmtbs is not more likely to drink water than vhbkkctp
hxhkwtyrsgd is a cat, yctnlolr is a panda, so hxhkwtyrsgd is not more likely to drink water than yctnlolr
aldbjqmh is a cat, jdsqgu is a panda, so jdsqgu is not more likely to drink water than aldbjqmh
kiujsuiekh is a cat, zkmbkkrzfnqn is a panda, so zkmbkkrzfnqn is not more likely to drink water than kiujsuiekh
ovhcrzjyorc is a cat, faqm is a panda, so faqm is not more likely to drink water than ovhcrzjyorc
nednftobik is a cat, fmzkcxbmfmpr is a panda, so fmzkcxbmfmpr is not more likely to drink water than nednftobik
qwsrxtmdl is a cat, uydwffvanzv is a panda, so uydwffvanzv is not more likely to drink water than qwsrxtmdl
aisbefpng is a tiger, alddrr is a goat, so aisbefpng is more likely to be in the jungle than alddrr
oeuvbot is a tiger, trbnjyyiawh is a goat, so oeuvbot is more likely to be in the jungle than trbnjyyiawh
ctzpfm is a tiger, euhd is a goat, so ctzpfm is more likely to be in the jungle than euhd
djtem is a tiger, eyytjj is a goat, so djtem is more likely to be in the jungle than eyytjj
ipu is a tiger, igls is a goat, so ipu is more likely to be in the jungle than igls
dinhgkfhdt is a tiger, dnzvnuzn is a goat, so dnzvnuzn is less likely to be in the jungle than dinhgkfhdt
gxgrivmtemb is a tiger, rvyhgjmwtt is a goat, so rvyhgjmwtt is less likely to be in the jungle than gxgrivmtemb
tldmhsvqzjwh is a tiger, mptpwps is a goat, so mptpwps is less likely to be in the jungle than tldmhsvqzjwh
rkoxqczr is a tiger, qpwislx is a goat, so qpwislx is less likely to be in the jungle than rkoxqczr
aqjubeitwyc is a tiger, tlyd is a goat, so tlyd is less likely to be in the jungle than aqjubeitwyc
arzlqp is a tiger, hstzkt is a goat, so arzlqp is not less likely to be in the jungle than hstzkt
zlkv is a tiger, rvcwkjbh is a goat, so zlkv is not less likely to be in the jungle than rvcwkjbh
sjoq is a tiger, xxpijfbvyy is a goat, so sjoq is not less likely to be in the jungle than xxpijfbvyy
uyksprfamv is a tiger, kgaacaejzcs is a goat, so uyksprfamv is not less likely to be in the jungle than kgaacaejzcs
cpvqeo is a tiger, dral is a goat, so cpvqeo is not less likely to be in the jungle than dral
mud is a tiger, qgmdft is a goat, so qgmdft is not more likely to be in the jungle than mud
qveaeqqdf is a tiger, duedldixlg is a goat, so duedldixlg is not more likely to be in the jungle than qveaeqqdf
ejoy is a tiger, wmz is a goat, so wmz is not more likely to be in the jungle than ejoy
vbvhbkzmnvdq is a tiger, kvn is a goat, so kvn is not more likely to be in the jungle than vbvhbkzmnvdq
irdjtnavnb is a tiger, nmothi is a goat, so nmothi is not more likely to be in the jungle than irdjtnavnb
bowtbzibzf is a pig, tkfxvkyttlml is a wolf, so bowtbzibzf is less likely to be in a poke than tkfxvkyttlml
eucc is a pig, ngdntsoqra is a wolf, so eucc is less likely to be in a poke than ngdntsoqra
ibwx is a pig, qqdfjaqtjce is a wolf, so ibwx is less likely to be in a poke than qqdfjaqtjce
umq is a pig, vbwqje is a wolf, so umq is less likely to be in a poke than vbwqje
ysoljpitz is a pig, suqyjmmfhne is a wolf, so ysoljpitz is less likely to be in a poke than suqyjmmfhne
dkfscx is a pig, edsszg is a wolf, so edsszg is less likely to be in a poke than dkfscx
vjltsmjifpc is a pig, khha is a wolf, so khha is less likely to be in a poke than vjltsmjifpc
yydgilhfzo is a pig, gglkxltohpmn is a wolf, so gglkxltohpmn is less likely to be in a poke than yydgilhfzo
mibcanp is a pig, ngwqdpnjomfi is a wolf, so ngwqdpnjomfi is less likely to be in a poke than mibcanp
wyg is a pig, lrl is a wolf, so lrl is less likely to be in a poke than wyg
hhtwitc is a pig, xlt is a wolf, so hhtwitc is not less likely to be in a poke than xlt
dcjwmg is a pig, iwzny is a wolf, so dcjwmg is not less likely to be in a poke than iwzny
fsthjsplh is a pig, soijmnrlyrj is a wolf, so fsthjsplh is not less likely to be in a poke than soijmnrlyrj
linbfmu is a pig, muuobxpcpg is a wolf, so linbfmu is not less likely to be in a poke than muuobxpcpg
ijjt is a pig, veeenzpt is a wolf, so ijjt is not less likely to be in a poke than veeenzpt
jacoezeavb is a pig, dctnfcszqfcv is a wolf, so dctnfcszqfcv is not more likely to be in a poke than jacoezeavb
ppcx is a pig, cubh is a wolf, so cubh is not more likely to be in a poke than ppcx
ltrybrn is a pig, hcfm is a wolf, so hcfm is not more likely to be in a poke than ltrybrn
utwcnixupolx is a pig, xirrk is a wolf, so xirrk is not more likely to be in a poke than utwcnixupolx
qokvawndjix is a pig, mzjdoeyh is a wolf, so mzjdoeyh is not more likely to be in a poke than qokvawndjix
zcdmyibs is a snake, eoyslltwxhta is a cheetah, so zcdmyibs is more likely to slither down the street than eoyslltwxhta
nge is a snake, pipwnlicai is a cheetah, so nge is more likely to slither down the street than pipwnlicai
dpcn is a snake, ngvimdszc is a cheetah, so dpcn is more likely to slither down the street than ngvimdszc
fcjya is a snake, dry is a cheetah, so fcjya is more likely to slither down the street than dry
jtclua is a snake, lyngvmwq is a cheetah, so jtclua is more likely to slither down the street than lyngvmwq
rhnwqhow is a snake, krzzwadeljtz is a cheetah, so krzzwadeljtz is less likely to slither down the street than rhnwqhow
vqtpf is a snake, fpghgm is a cheetah, so fpghgm is less likely to slither down the street than vqtpf
mvvmbmomvu is a snake, zxfwl is a cheetah, so zxfwl is less likely to slither down the street than mvvmbmomvu
tbys is a snake, xewrdofitvu is a cheetah, so xewrdofitvu is less likely to slither down the street than tbys
oieuhvzaeixi is a snake, flpzrtbhfhn is a cheetah, so flpzrtbhfhn is less likely to slither down the street than oieuhvzaeixi
mfhmlrbkie is a snake, qarxmcvnid is a cheetah, so mfhmlrbkie is not less likely to slither down the street than qarxmcvnid
ygzseppnyo is a snake, arpei is a cheetah, so ygzseppnyo is not less likely to slither down the street than arpei
gesvrohaalry is a snake, vhlonqzp is a cheetah, so gesvrohaalry is not less likely to slither down the street than vhlonqzp
vvddmwvcsfef is a snake, fxqjirfuoeo is a cheetah, so vvddmwvcsfef is not less likely to slither down the street than fxqjirfuoeo
ojen is a snake, ttrgtvmrldig is a cheetah, so ojen is not less likely to slither down the street than ttrgtvmrldig
zszpsidsbfnj is a snake, psznxgb is a cheetah, so psznxgb is not more likely to slither down the street than zszpsidsbfnj
qombsale is a snake, heaevcbtea is a cheetah, so heaevcbtea is not more likely to slither down the street than qombsale
seciyudwaca is a snake, vpgdfzzu is a cheetah, so vpgdfzzu is not more likely to slither down the street than seciyudwaca
sxpr is a snake, rhegngoxbd is a cheetah, so rhegngoxbd is not more likely to slither down the street than sxpr
wxtxpomzpuv is a snake, cizliynylqmz is a cheetah, so cizliynylqmz is not more likely to slither down the street than wxtxpomzpuv
fsperbhy is a turtle, jqxiknznetsz is a squirrel, so fsperbhy is less likely to be in water than jqxiknznetsz
hjykfydlig is a turtle, tknqgdxqpk is a squirrel, so hjykfydlig is less likely to be in water than tknqgdxqpk
xwpqyuya is a turtle, gplrj is a squirrel, so xwpqyuya is less likely to be in water than gplrj
wsqc is a turtle, qxvgidtizs is a squirrel, so wsqc is less likely to be in water than qxvgidtizs
kvmannyessb is a turtle, wkmfroaor is a squirrel, so kvmannyessb is less likely to be in water than wkmfroaor
wshfnockvp is a turtle, uuc is a squirrel, so uuc is less likely to be in water than wshfnockvp
lvacspe is a turtle, kmgnryrzjsi is a squirrel, so kmgnryrzjsi is less likely to be in water than lvacspe
mhtgrogigxhk is a turtle, ixqvzpoasudi is a squirrel, so ixqvzpoasudi is less likely to be in water than mhtgrogigxhk
kxw is a turtle, vbbuwpqpx is a squirrel, so vbbuwpqpx is less likely to be in water than kxw
etnpairiv is a turtle, cnxhwuppjt is a squirrel, so cnxhwuppjt is less likely to be in water than etnpairiv
flhlrrybi is a turtle, mumlttzpveln is a squirrel, so flhlrrybi is not less likely to be in water than mumlttzpveln
zrcfadquqx is a turtle, imaacglkifc is a squirrel, so zrcfadquqx is not less likely to be in water than imaacglkifc
ztf is a turtle, wmf is a squirrel, so ztf is not less likely to be in water than wmf
vhedwgts is a turtle, excnzmaqoeug is a squirrel, so vhedwgts is not less likely to be in water than excnzmaqoeug
jsxjosvm is a turtle, ypkbnsbn is a squirrel, so jsxjosvm is not less likely to be in water than ypkbnsbn
ovuqicaydd is a turtle, hfw is a squirrel, so hfw is not more likely to be in water than ovuqicaydd
anyddmyq is a turtle, zdzalyitgtn is a squirrel, so zdzalyitgtn is not more likely to be in water than anyddmyq
yqfxzdpyrv is a turtle, hprulfywvqva is a squirrel, so hprulfywvqva is not more likely to be in water than yqfxzdpyrv
iysmvnawkuh is a turtle, xrbhcyhaehfi is a squirrel, so xrbhcyhaehfi is not more likely to be in water than iysmvnawkuh
kdn is a turtle, cpybjamvcfk is a squirrel, so cpybjamvcfk is not more likely to be in water than kdn
vcbqw is a bee, adpcr is a goat, so vcbqw is more likely to be in a swarm than adpcr
yib is a bee, zcuezdqol is a goat, so yib is more likely to be in a swarm than zcuezdqol
jbmrpnxbx is a bee, aek is a goat, so jbmrpnxbx is more likely to be in a swarm than aek
lmgdmtrctlg is a bee, yqghita is a goat, so lmgdmtrctlg is more likely to be in a swarm than yqghita
wuu is a bee, dqmfvllhmqi is a goat, so wuu is more likely to be in a swarm than dqmfvllhmqi
jngsax is a bee, bjodjbhf is a goat, so bjodjbhf is less likely to be in a swarm than jngsax
yokcbdcyceiw is a bee, iluvad is a goat, so iluvad is less likely to be in a swarm than yokcbdcyceiw
jrncwsraek is a bee, ylxbaeowfo is a goat, so ylxbaeowfo is less likely to be in a swarm than jrncwsraek
vycpwykp is a bee, behbkiryrr is a goat, so behbkiryrr is less likely to be in a swarm than vycpwykp
ezvyrsijycto is a bee, thtzno is a goat, so thtzno is less likely to be in a swarm than ezvyrsijycto
klbks is a bee, zuee is a goat, so klbks is not less likely to be in a swarm than zuee
ootuiba is a bee, yigedoikvz is a goat, so ootuiba is not less likely to be in a swarm than yigedoikvz
oghodjei is a bee, xonyytr is a goat, so oghodjei is not less likely to be in a swarm than xonyytr
lhreamiaa is a bee, icksfmceznp is a goat, so lhreamiaa is not less likely to be in a swarm than icksfmceznp
urrssp is a bee, lbfpispdu is a goat, so urrssp is not less likely to be in a swarm than lbfpispdu
zgak is a bee, fzelvbtgmxj is a goat, so fzelvbtgmxj is not more likely to be in a swarm than zgak
nxokquaagf is a bee, yafcgp is a goat, so yafcgp is not more likely to be in a swarm than nxokquaagf
ulctlhhh is a bee, wjevc is a goat, so wjevc is not more likely to be in a swarm than ulctlhhh
zbnr is a bee, dkft is a goat, so dkft is not more likely to be in a swarm than zbnr
xakvux is a bee, bqlyc is a goat, so bqlyc is not more likely to be in a swarm than xakvux
zkyuxdrmv is a frog, astodikji is a cheetah, so zkyuxdrmv is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than astodikji
uahogihc is a frog, wakklnebmuq is a cheetah, so uahogihc is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than wakklnebmuq
ubipwediydpf is a frog, zomd is a cheetah, so ubipwediydpf is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than zomd
firn is a frog, kquvcrzqfrnx is a cheetah, so firn is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than kquvcrzqfrnx
bopx is a frog, pgoqhm is a cheetah, so bopx is more likely to catch flies with its tongue than pgoqhm
ikoxefwof is a frog, ngmqjm is a cheetah, so ngmqjm is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than ikoxefwof
pejsrevejlgb is a frog, vbdcgz is a cheetah, so vbdcgz is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than pejsrevejlgb
ehrqj is a frog, hlgdhrdb is a cheetah, so hlgdhrdb is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than ehrqj
lfzfuzbjzjt is a frog, tlagjtvd is a cheetah, so tlagjtvd is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than lfzfuzbjzjt
rvjfggitp is a frog, uzvvchbwgmr is a cheetah, so uzvvchbwgmr is less likely to catch flies with its tongue than rvjfggitp
fovdtkdfwo is a frog, colavldunqa is a cheetah, so fovdtkdfwo is not less likely to catch flies than colavldunqa
dixzatrz is a frog, fvqfhx is a cheetah, so dixzatrz is not less likely to catch flies than fvqfhx
eiqyt is a frog, ptr is a cheetah, so eiqyt is not less likely to catch flies than ptr
ppenjhynoc is a frog, nudgauex is a cheetah, so ppenjhynoc is not less likely to catch flies than nudgauex
pysfy is a frog, nygfgz is a cheetah, so pysfy is not less likely to catch flies than nygfgz
adzwjmufxjh is a frog, jqkgjbjmf is a cheetah, so jqkgjbjmf is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than adzwjmufxjh
yqvmr is a frog, urte is a cheetah, so urte is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than yqvmr
fsfmcicancjk is a frog, sahtxjiwte is a cheetah, so sahtxjiwte is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than fsfmcicancjk
dhtpdqrk is a frog, olbaj is a cheetah, so olbaj is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than dhtpdqrk
abnnpbu is a frog, ngdobxi is a cheetah, so ngdobxi is not more likely to catch flies with its tongue than abnnpbu
nuap is a dog, yezbmkgvh is a scorpion, so nuap is more likely to be on the porch than yezbmkgvh
eojbowq is a dog, dvdtk is a scorpion, so eojbowq is more likely to be on the porch than dvdtk
qrpom is a dog, umqntzhnoal is a scorpion, so qrpom is more likely to be on the porch than umqntzhnoal
mcbi is a dog, igxanymbknj is a scorpion, so mcbi is more likely to be on the porch than igxanymbknj
skcymmzq is a dog, drrnxmludoy is a scorpion, so skcymmzq is more likely to be on the porch than drrnxmludoy
czh is a dog, gvfzbfbtgd is a scorpion, so gvfzbfbtgd is less likely to be on the porch than czh
kxtr is a dog, ymyru is a scorpion, so ymyru is less likely to be on the porch than kxtr
vsxzv is a dog, vtiemndhk is a scorpion, so vtiemndhk is less likely to be on the porch than vsxzv
gqgoa is a dog, rcm is a scorpion, so rcm is less likely to be on the porch than gqgoa
metzjquxrsud is a dog, jvzch is a scorpion, so jvzch is less likely to be on the porch than metzjquxrsud
usrqlpibd is a dog, gzzupylsanbn is a scorpion, so usrqlpibd is not less likely to be on the porch than gzzupylsanbn
pyr is a dog, wdqqksr is a scorpion, so pyr is not less likely to be on the porch than wdqqksr
rkxhygrcjj is a dog, wxytjyiglfel is a scorpion, so rkxhygrcjj is not less likely to be on the porch than wxytjyiglfel
bus is a dog, ntlrfxp is a scorpion, so bus is not less likely to be on the porch than ntlrfxp
oncog is a dog, mox is a scorpion, so oncog is not less likely to be on the porch than mox
oahemkirl is a dog, grukzhig is a scorpion, so grukzhig is not more likely to be on the porch than oahemkirl
kjqoewcxuwt is a dog, tniba is a scorpion, so tniba is not more likely to be on the porch than kjqoewcxuwt
ufbpjl is a dog, aplnkzxnhby is a scorpion, so aplnkzxnhby is not more likely to be on the porch than ufbpjl
nnfmuv is a dog, runovuff is a scorpion, so runovuff is not more likely to be on the porch than nnfmuv
pzzu is a dog, vpbummbal is a scorpion, so vpbummbal is not more likely to be on the porch than pzzu
hxoo is a chicken, mquzrlg is a snake, so hxoo is more likely to lay an egg than mquzrlg
cqadufkyu is a chicken, jjh is a snake, so cqadufkyu is more likely to lay an egg than jjh
uawixyooal is a chicken, utsvblhweszk is a snake, so uawixyooal is more likely to lay an egg than utsvblhweszk
pafsfkg is a chicken, rnhssb is a snake, so pafsfkg is more likely to lay an egg than rnhssb
lhhgixwar is a chicken, edxneky is a snake, so lhhgixwar is more likely to lay an egg than edxneky
vtk is a chicken, dlvuhkrs is a snake, so dlvuhkrs is less likely to lay an egg than vtk
iudefgfjhsv is a chicken, bmpynabq is a snake, so bmpynabq is less likely to lay an egg than iudefgfjhsv
ehbrmszjbwh is a chicken, yovnzxcyyqr is a snake, so yovnzxcyyqr is less likely to lay an egg than ehbrmszjbwh
lov is a chicken, ikgdavnzbl is a snake, so ikgdavnzbl is less likely to lay an egg than lov
cxdgnsuokxk is a chicken, ved is a snake, so ved is less likely to lay an egg than cxdgnsuokxk
lqghyjuuv is a chicken, ozmwhiklvjis is a snake, so lqghyjuuv is not less likely to lay an egg than ozmwhiklvjis
bjpuwt is a chicken, nqdbncznab is a snake, so bjpuwt is not less likely to lay an egg than nqdbncznab
ceetf is a chicken, wdfprg is a snake, so ceetf is not less likely to lay an egg than wdfprg
zthqfzkxif is a chicken, keihbycdbl is a snake, so zthqfzkxif is not less likely to lay an egg than keihbycdbl
yjtyhhenjcto is a chicken, fmekhhdeef is a snake, so yjtyhhenjcto is not less likely to lay an egg than fmekhhdeef
emzwomzky is a chicken, nccbxusaiftf is a snake, so nccbxusaiftf is not more likely to lay an egg than emzwomzky
nyiyktqgf is a chicken, juuqwzrdup is a snake, so juuqwzrdup is not more likely to lay an egg than nyiyktqgf
etriou is a chicken, wcrd is a snake, so wcrd is not more likely to lay an egg than etriou
mtrsbbm is a chicken, zgmzgvuoqi is a snake, so zgmzgvuoqi is not more likely to lay an egg than mtrsbbm
jmwhkqzsqky is a chicken, lefg is a snake, so lefg is not more likely to lay an egg than jmwhkqzsqky
gxzdoqcdni is a lion, ylq is a cat, so gxzdoqcdni is more likely to father some cubs than ylq
ibynddfjnwxk is a lion, fbismpeoekdk is a cat, so ibynddfjnwxk is more likely to father some cubs than fbismpeoekdk
wruk is a lion, kbabtdynvnq is a cat, so wruk is more likely to father some cubs than kbabtdynvnq
ljz is a lion, wwffn is a cat, so ljz is more likely to father some cubs than wwffn
qyeqpa is a lion, xfbnwmbdsz is a cat, so qyeqpa is more likely to father some cubs than xfbnwmbdsz
boyflcdjpvuz is a lion, liglbapeebf is a cat, so liglbapeebf is less likely to father some cubs than boyflcdjpvuz
zuwua is a lion, vkhcdoqn is a cat, so vkhcdoqn is less likely to father some cubs than zuwua
kcyjnbjd is a lion, bblpmxqn is a cat, so bblpmxqn is less likely to father some cubs than kcyjnbjd
fuzwwbf is a lion, zuzsudusc is a cat, so zuzsudusc is less likely to father some cubs than fuzwwbf
nue is a lion, xpijtqtji is a cat, so xpijtqtji is less likely to father some cubs than nue
kjm is a lion, hafwzlplepaz is a cat, so kjm is not less likely to father some cubs than hafwzlplepaz
yaqetuaouh is a lion, dlfqja is a cat, so yaqetuaouh is not less likely to father some cubs than dlfqja
hwbxbzezokb is a lion, ekj is a cat, so hwbxbzezokb is not less likely to father some cubs than ekj
mrizcuw is a lion, qul is a cat, so mrizcuw is not less likely to father some cubs than qul
szgtseoexle is a lion, zdfsy is a cat, so szgtseoexle is not less likely to father some cubs than zdfsy
gcemyrkdxpwl is a lion, gmkuijvi is a cat, so gmkuijvi is not more likely to father some cubs than gcemyrkdxpwl
iepvkcpqish is a lion, ajfopq is a cat, so ajfopq is not more likely to father some cubs than iepvkcpqish
hjpnbaesxbpb is a lion, juxbr is a cat, so juxbr is not more likely to father some cubs than hjpnbaesxbpb
aeyvjujkxzzz is a lion, xfdcnz is a cat, so xfdcnz is not more likely to father some cubs than aeyvjujkxzzz
pvvc is a lion, rajbeag is a cat, so rajbeag is not more likely to father some cubs than pvvc
klaqmqlfditb is a fish, naex is a elephant, so klaqmqlfditb is more likely to attempt to fly than naex
rcuujs is a fish, kxuhkjn is a elephant, so rcuujs is more likely to attempt to fly than kxuhkjn
yqttbcb is a fish, eyojo is a elephant, so yqttbcb is more likely to attempt to fly than eyojo
bcowtassz is a fish, rltejlhpvo is a elephant, so bcowtassz is more likely to attempt to fly than rltejlhpvo
iuebx is a fish, iopjc is a elephant, so iuebx is more likely to attempt to fly than iopjc
dqizoykrfu is a fish, chhog is a elephant, so chhog is less likely to attempt to fly than dqizoykrfu
vrpu is a fish, lgpydx is a elephant, so lgpydx is less likely to attempt to fly than vrpu
aaoajp is a fish, tzky is a elephant, so tzky is less likely to attempt to fly than aaoajp
plo is a fish, haplzr is a elephant, so haplzr is less likely to attempt to fly than plo
gekqfajfa is a fish, kumvzbcnezs is a elephant, so kumvzbcnezs is less likely to attempt to fly than gekqfajfa
kkn is a fish, ufqk is an elephant, so kkn is not less likely to attempt to fly than ufqk
lga is a fish, almjnzg is an elephant, so lga is not less likely to attempt to fly than almjnzg
nyuthj is a fish, tkkxxuaol is an elephant, so nyuthj is not less likely to attempt to fly than tkkxxuaol
zcnegffjqrf is a fish, yvbvarhzf is an elephant, so zcnegffjqrf is not less likely to attempt to fly than yvbvarhzf
pfzxmmzze is a fish, wtl is an elephant, so pfzxmmzze is not less likely to attempt to fly than wtl
fdorstf is a fish, ziuynqnxdkll is an elephant, so ziuynqnxdkll is not more likely to attempt to fly than fdorstf
ngrjpsd is a fish, uzrecwwgdo is an elephant, so uzrecwwgdo is not more likely to attempt to fly than ngrjpsd
szkthaf is a fish, vtenhbvkdhss is an elephant, so vtenhbvkdhss is not more likely to attempt to fly than szkthaf
xjzdexd is a fish, weifarggpkb is an elephant, so weifarggpkb is not more likely to attempt to fly than xjzdexd
xjuikemb is a fish, bphiyhubt is an elephant, so bphiyhubt is not more likely to attempt to fly than xjuikemb
bymv is a chimpanzee, byxuqnpbseh is a horse, so bymv is more likely to fool the caretakers than byxuqnpbseh
xcob is a chimpanzee, gozgqngu is a horse, so xcob is more likely to fool the caretakers than gozgqngu
uzpymiigcww is a chimpanzee, yckkabisnk is a horse, so uzpymiigcww is more likely to fool the caretakers than yckkabisnk
ayoiqv is a chimpanzee, cxqtlj is a horse, so ayoiqv is more likely to fool the caretakers than cxqtlj
ovuvcqsxxilk is a chimpanzee, cnlho is a horse, so ovuvcqsxxilk is more likely to fool the caretakers than cnlho
hnyxybryvan is a chimpanzee, cyrukfgdhwmz is a horse, so cyrukfgdhwmz is less likely to fool the caretakers than hnyxybryvan
xotesrtavxin is a chimpanzee, lurmhzveehk is a horse, so lurmhzveehk is less likely to fool the caretakers than xotesrtavxin
icas is a chimpanzee, uycf is a horse, so uycf is less likely to fool the caretakers than icas
hdau is a chimpanzee, rnxvqrvpposg is a horse, so rnxvqrvpposg is less likely to fool the caretakers than hdau
fousefbyjtzz is a chimpanzee, rqlbdb is a horse, so rqlbdb is less likely to fool the caretakers than fousefbyjtzz
hnk is a chimpanzee, bcmjnxtz is a horse, so hnk is not less likely to fool the caretakers than bcmjnxtz
eah is a chimpanzee, zzpncs is a horse, so eah is not less likely to fool the caretakers than zzpncs
yohduoatq is a chimpanzee, aymnwfctfd is a horse, so yohduoatq is not less likely to fool the caretakers than aymnwfctfd
kxyieoke is a chimpanzee, nyotaqjzwdhe is a horse, so kxyieoke is not less likely to fool the caretakers than nyotaqjzwdhe
qagto is a chimpanzee, eoajnk is a horse, so qagto is not less likely to fool the caretakers than eoajnk
kxlmrnkkup is a chimpanzee, rwjyparonadi is a horse, so rwjyparonadi is not more likely to fool the caretakers than kxlmrnkkup
ogpzrngni is a chimpanzee, jsnegfwnx is a horse, so jsnegfwnx is not more likely to fool the caretakers than ogpzrngni
uubxm is a chimpanzee, jtbdbwncrhi is a horse, so jtbdbwncrhi is not more likely to fool the caretakers than uubxm
fir is a chimpanzee, pkhm is a horse, so pkhm is not more likely to fool the caretakers than fir
vnrkib is a chimpanzee, auen is a horse, so auen is not more likely to fool the caretakers than vnrkib
aljimyeohz is a camel, djyhq is a duck, so aljimyeohz is more likely to be in the desert than djyhq
tcigbdesbct is a camel, ozqqmelf is a duck, so tcigbdesbct is more likely to be in the desert than ozqqmelf
kiv is a camel, ekw is a duck, so kiv is more likely to be in the desert than ekw
ndiohwpwrklf is a camel, chdbrglldowy is a duck, so ndiohwpwrklf is more likely to be in the desert than chdbrglldowy
mcwebodkzuwg is a camel, wsowa is a duck, so mcwebodkzuwg is more likely to be in the desert than wsowa
zpg is a camel, wrhm is a duck, so wrhm is less likely to be in the desert than zpg
ddhvpasavg is a camel, tzyistity is a duck, so tzyistity is less likely to be in the desert than ddhvpasavg
lxyg is a camel, glddkwdlze is a duck, so glddkwdlze is less likely to be in the desert than lxyg
lemvvlbolmj is a camel, wxnhp is a duck, so wxnhp is less likely to be in the desert than lemvvlbolmj
mttzexkw is a camel, nqzm is a duck, so nqzm is less likely to be in the desert than mttzexkw
rhccaettsh is a camel, ljikkj is a duck, so rhccaettsh is not less likely to be in the desert than ljikkj
hujzzbov is a camel, ekiwiwknks is a duck, so hujzzbov is not less likely to be in the desert than ekiwiwknks
kphfdp is a camel, xss is a duck, so kphfdp is not less likely to be in the desert than xss
rir is a camel, blgsfiquzi is a duck, so rir is not less likely to be in the desert than blgsfiquzi
ciktzdodhg is a camel, vkvuomrwklsx is a duck, so ciktzdodhg is not less likely to be in the desert than vkvuomrwklsx
qacwknkbr is a camel, yuxtztjg is a duck, so yuxtztjg is not more likely to be in the desert than qacwknkbr
rooxkmwjcgr is a camel, ltcqhd is a duck, so ltcqhd is not more likely to be in the desert than rooxkmwjcgr
dknbchbjy is a camel, hbdhmhjodl is a duck, so hbdhmhjodl is not more likely to be in the desert than dknbchbjy
labbhygpibu is a camel, ymavdrkemtd is a duck, so ymavdrkemtd is not more likely to be in the desert than labbhygpibu
bahpc is a camel, vss is a duck, so vss is not more likely to be in the desert than bahpc
fskckcl is a fish, bjktyivjoag is a lion, so fskckcl is more likely to swim than bjktyivjoag
zobbip is a fish, aseflk is a lion, so zobbip is more likely to swim than aseflk
anaxjjpixr is a fish, jazdcnms is a lion, so anaxjjpixr is more likely to swim than jazdcnms
vmlgyudxptf is a fish, mcvd is a lion, so vmlgyudxptf is more likely to swim than mcvd
xczhcorbieo is a fish, kwhkefimnrw is a lion, so xczhcorbieo is more likely to swim than kwhkefimnrw
qllb is a fish, mvrpttxfkf is a lion, so mvrpttxfkf is less likely to swim than qllb
pvsstbfgdorr is a fish, gyeudwqvzs is a lion, so gyeudwqvzs is less likely to swim than pvsstbfgdorr
aoxyjnvyv is a fish, hvq is a lion, so hvq is less likely to swim than aoxyjnvyv
lmqd is a fish, wvhtssacj is a lion, so wvhtssacj is less likely to swim than lmqd
iofa is a fish, uvgwkqcm is a lion, so uvgwkqcm is less likely to swim than iofa
pmjdsnxj is a fish, rhgryv is a lion, so pmjdsnxj is not less likely to swim than rhgryv
qhcrcmeteb is a fish, zsxpt is a lion, so qhcrcmeteb is not less likely to swim than zsxpt
nsxynkohqd is a fish, vbftb is a lion, so nsxynkohqd is not less likely to swim than vbftb
dvgyjmo is a fish, ozktk is a lion, so dvgyjmo is not less likely to swim than ozktk
djoeyxxe is a fish, qptcnlzw is a lion, so djoeyxxe is not less likely to swim than qptcnlzw
fupoohfda is a fish, xdg is a lion, so xdg is not more likely to swim than fupoohfda
nsmobrjblh is a fish, xkbmm is a lion, so xkbmm is not more likely to swim than nsmobrjblh
vfuyjfymlo is a fish, qbnanv is a lion, so qbnanv is not more likely to swim than vfuyjfymlo
wkh is a fish, iqaxktntuw is a lion, so iqaxktntuw is not more likely to swim than wkh
dntodgigod is a fish, uif is a lion, so uif is not more likely to swim than dntodgigod
ntgt is a bird, uhsuospyrqf is a snake, so ntgt is more likely to be on a roof than uhsuospyrqf
uglqwt is a bird, zwfpbdcuzirj is a snake, so uglqwt is more likely to be on a roof than zwfpbdcuzirj
xljirpzqnc is a bird, wzdaqhoax is a snake, so xljirpzqnc is more likely to be on a roof than wzdaqhoax
pwq is a bird, xyfjecib is a snake, so pwq is more likely to be on a roof than xyfjecib
rtu is a bird, hzx is a snake, so rtu is more likely to be on a roof than hzx
dtdnnern is a bird, poyjknob is a snake, so poyjknob is less likely to be on a roof than dtdnnern
klpixpc is a bird, hnkh is a snake, so hnkh is less likely to be on a roof than klpixpc
omgvtpevyp is a bird, ngajbetltoat is a snake, so ngajbetltoat is less likely to be on a roof than omgvtpevyp
wqy is a bird, jmgtp is a snake, so jmgtp is less likely to be on a roof than wqy
mnrpcyztzsb is a bird, kwfpz is a snake, so kwfpz is less likely to be on a roof than mnrpcyztzsb
fdkyfh is a bird, gzhvpj is a snake, so fdkyfh is not less likely to be on a roof than gzhvpj
scibrwh is a bird, pon is a snake, so scibrwh is not less likely to be on a roof than pon
pupqdkdd is a bird, qbelkhnbo is a snake, so pupqdkdd is not less likely to be on a roof than qbelkhnbo
kxncwtcb is a bird, xlucgaapgl is a snake, so kxncwtcb is not less likely to be on a roof than xlucgaapgl
repyoxsb is a bird, cmshfqvth is a snake, so repyoxsb is not less likely to be on a roof than cmshfqvth
lyqasll is a bird, smhngyjnhih is a snake, so smhngyjnhih is not more likely to be on a roof than lyqasll
qktiprp is a bird, wletcqsoroz is a snake, so wletcqsoroz is not more likely to be on a roof than qktiprp
yhyfivosm is a bird, zxzvyetbxttz is a snake, so zxzvyetbxttz is not more likely to be on a roof than yhyfivosm
ikpxu is a bird, mgktehjse is a snake, so mgktehjse is not more likely to be on a roof than ikpxu
fuhsmlic is a bird, wmyzis is a snake, so wmyzis is not more likely to be on a roof than fuhsmlic
jmthzelpurf is a wolf, tvyn is a hippopotamus, so jmthzelpurf is more likely to kill deer than tvyn
fvi is a wolf, zzjt is a hippopotamus, so fvi is more likely to kill deer than zzjt
ftfav is a wolf, odeynjbw is a hippopotamus, so ftfav is more likely to kill deer than odeynjbw
avwhxmjwou is a wolf, avbehlptxkav is a hippopotamus, so avwhxmjwou is more likely to kill deer than avbehlptxkav
tjsnf is a wolf, vcdfnhmxcbgf is a hippopotamus, so tjsnf is more likely to kill deer than vcdfnhmxcbgf
qbykmaznvcd is a wolf, fefgzk is a hippopotamus, so fefgzk is less likely to kill deer than qbykmaznvcd
pahgyzuemy is a wolf, cnkllriw is a hippopotamus, so cnkllriw is less likely to kill deer than pahgyzuemy
phmbc is a wolf, rizqukwcoa is a hippopotamus, so rizqukwcoa is less likely to kill deer than phmbc
zscluwengj is a wolf, pnzsvssggibz is a hippopotamus, so pnzsvssggibz is less likely to kill deer than zscluwengj
curfvxf is a wolf, xznpm is a hippopotamus, so xznpm is less likely to kill deer than curfvxf
vcouzikjogp is a wolf, uqkvkwgnu is a hippopotamus, so vcouzikjogp is not less likely to kill deer than uqkvkwgnu
snbc is a wolf, bkvycs is a hippopotamus, so snbc is not less likely to kill deer than bkvycs
coqzqjojyr is a wolf, iys is a hippopotamus, so coqzqjojyr is not less likely to kill deer than iys
hgtz is a wolf, aysisqotjiau is a hippopotamus, so hgtz is not less likely to kill deer than aysisqotjiau
xdoqau is a wolf, ckphhukcyns is a hippopotamus, so xdoqau is not less likely to kill deer than ckphhukcyns
knxndemmyq is a wolf, gctuwzdbyclt is a hippopotamus, so gctuwzdbyclt is not more likely to kill deer than knxndemmyq
mzwnc is a wolf, deenkjq is a hippopotamus, so deenkjq is not more likely to kill deer than mzwnc
hmeynfduxiuw is a wolf, rysyne is a hippopotamus, so rysyne is not more likely to kill deer than hmeynfduxiuw
eltxw is a wolf, zlfruljvjq is a hippopotamus, so zlfruljvjq is not more likely to kill deer than eltxw
hlugilkkrtgp is a wolf, qutezwncud is a hippopotamus, so qutezwncud is not more likely to kill deer than hlugilkkrtgp
svfmogrcmro is a snake, vcoengnl is a turtle, so svfmogrcmro is more likely to slither down the street than vcoengnl
bcymkj is a snake, kgmdhuqovgcl is a turtle, so bcymkj is more likely to slither down the street than kgmdhuqovgcl
lxvt is a snake, xsrd is a turtle, so lxvt is more likely to slither down the street than xsrd
zoumqnqgktk is a snake, xasslcgzye is a turtle, so zoumqnqgktk is more likely to slither down the street than xasslcgzye
zhljwrlba is a snake, qqrgysuvy is a turtle, so zhljwrlba is more likely to slither down the street than qqrgysuvy
uoejfekti is a snake, irzyywjucle is a turtle, so irzyywjucle is less likely to slither down the street than uoejfekti
tnbapohcfe is a snake, kqjwtnw is a turtle, so kqjwtnw is less likely to slither down the street than tnbapohcfe
gszkkyixx is a snake, avi is a turtle, so avi is less likely to slither down the street than gszkkyixx
lfot is a snake, etahtdfbknbp is a turtle, so etahtdfbknbp is less likely to slither down the street than lfot
dckyiqjepfdb is a snake, nycobsipa is a turtle, so nycobsipa is less likely to slither down the street than dckyiqjepfdb
xlanfz is a snake, lcbuwfvvui is a turtle, so xlanfz is not less likely to slither down the street than lcbuwfvvui
vdy is a snake, xdofjv is a turtle, so vdy is not less likely to slither down the street than xdofjv
ncyowqngss is a snake, qtwb is a turtle, so ncyowqngss is not less likely to slither down the street than qtwb
ksrskdearns is a snake, htn is a turtle, so ksrskdearns is not less likely to slither down the street than htn
dxkjpy is a snake, azdof is a turtle, so dxkjpy is not less likely to slither down the street than azdof
zrbjf is a snake, mjkbxiomemj is a turtle, so mjkbxiomemj is not more likely to slither down the street than zrbjf
kkzpdlrcvw is a snake, lgxp is a turtle, so lgxp is not more likely to slither down the street than kkzpdlrcvw
tyqlaabuyck is a snake, kkhhadcz is a turtle, so kkhhadcz is not more likely to slither down the street than tyqlaabuyck
coca is a snake, nzvhwvynpgun is a turtle, so nzvhwvynpgun is not more likely to slither down the street than coca
hxv is a snake, tkxtshuxtwwj is a turtle, so tkxtshuxtwwj is not more likely to slither down the street than hxv
temgoyjqcnt is a cow, fpy is a panda, so temgoyjqcnt is more likely to jump over the moon than fpy
jhptjqohyu is a cow, gxgdkhduynul is a panda, so jhptjqohyu is more likely to jump over the moon than gxgdkhduynul
wdtjuqup is a cow, iqeevtqq is a panda, so wdtjuqup is more likely to jump over the moon than iqeevtqq
dxzgcezudy is a cow, kvai is a panda, so dxzgcezudy is more likely to jump over the moon than kvai
qmans is a cow, vzhgrxrwwz is a panda, so qmans is more likely to jump over the moon than vzhgrxrwwz
fxxtcxixfv is a cow, pzi is a panda, so pzi is less likely to jump over the moon than fxxtcxixfv
zoqneftqthz is a cow, xfltfb is a panda, so xfltfb is less likely to jump over the moon than zoqneftqthz
fcppuesrl is a cow, cgh is a panda, so cgh is less likely to jump over the moon than fcppuesrl
gnkaphrehdz is a cow, dlbjbs is a panda, so dlbjbs is less likely to jump over the moon than gnkaphrehdz
ybfd is a cow, fnqthcikjkv is a panda, so fnqthcikjkv is less likely to jump over the moon than ybfd
pujmxxznwdr is a cow, zkrckaf is a panda, so pujmxxznwdr is not less likely to jump over the moon than zkrckaf
przgglh is a cow, ruckj is a panda, so przgglh is not less likely to jump over the moon than ruckj
ruhysl is a cow, hwlkhailtk is a panda, so ruhysl is not less likely to jump over the moon than hwlkhailtk
imainmdjb is a cow, mjxau is a panda, so imainmdjb is not less likely to jump over the moon than mjxau
dkyqoibcnej is a cow, xjloinyj is a panda, so dkyqoibcnej is not less likely to jump over the moon than xjloinyj
glwyib is a cow, suqwcssgm is a panda, so suqwcssgm is not more likely to jump over the moon than glwyib
qiil is a cow, ilea is a panda, so ilea is not more likely to jump over the moon than qiil
punudpoebwq is a cow, bchcravj is a panda, so bchcravj is not more likely to jump over the moon than punudpoebwq
yhppfcij is a cow, nlpfdngpkffz is a panda, so nlpfdngpkffz is not more likely to jump over the moon than yhppfcij
luhoze is a cow, kqgkgqh is a panda, so kqgkgqh is not more likely to jump over the moon than luhoze
fbfoupk is a bird, rdaejcbo is a ant, so fbfoupk is more likely to be in a tree than rdaejcbo
aiomg is a bird, ncexgu is a ant, so aiomg is more likely to be in a tree than ncexgu
zozgpbnep is a bird, lmfsniemek is a ant, so zozgpbnep is more likely to be in a tree than lmfsniemek
nblzmsfkzrz is a bird, owzwz is a ant, so nblzmsfkzrz is more likely to be in a tree than owzwz
uvfnvzgvicwt is a bird, husgaei is a ant, so uvfnvzgvicwt is more likely to be in a tree than husgaei
uate is a bird, tvxatxzd is a ant, so tvxatxzd is less likely to be in a tree than uate
plhyj is a bird, vth is a ant, so vth is less likely to be in a tree than plhyj
utctoce is a bird, uaeubizvrn is a ant, so uaeubizvrn is less likely to be in a tree than utctoce
byokuyfp is a bird, wvbhwmnpohcu is a ant, so wvbhwmnpohcu is less likely to be in a tree than byokuyfp
jqth is a bird, jimgorco is a ant, so jimgorco is less likely to be in a tree than jqth
boxjg is a bird, tokmpda is a ant, so boxjg is not less likely to be in a tree than tokmpda
skedbsaaklk is a bird, qqqnzmch is a ant, so skedbsaaklk is not less likely to be in a tree than qqqnzmch
fdqby is a bird, vmnion is a ant, so fdqby is not less likely to be in a tree than vmnion
iucoplcrkia is a bird, ojojjzanw is a ant, so iucoplcrkia is not less likely to be in a tree than ojojjzanw
jttwieoumhg is a bird, sorvfdgtan is a ant, so jttwieoumhg is not less likely to be in a tree than sorvfdgtan
qsdopijiwfnz is a bird, hdpqqzgre is a ant, so hdpqqzgre is not more likely to be in a tree than qsdopijiwfnz
nkyqfvg is a bird, awbgmwvnmo is a ant, so awbgmwvnmo is not more likely to be in a tree than nkyqfvg
zntp is a bird, xswuqnx is a ant, so xswuqnx is not more likely to be in a tree than zntp
prpryyzqmeu is a bird, xxl is a ant, so xxl is not more likely to be in a tree than prpryyzqmeu
saycmrj is a bird, pioqfdywtq is a ant, so pioqfdywtq is not more likely to be in a tree than saycmrj
tjqm is a bear, fwqm is a fly, so tjqm is more likely to fish with it's paws than fwqm
rvfspktrrm is a bear, mtpfpuz is a fly, so rvfspktrrm is more likely to fish with it's paws than mtpfpuz
kifpkrnm is a bear, ypvdyahyxotj is a fly, so kifpkrnm is more likely to fish with it's paws than ypvdyahyxotj
pslgw is a bear, sgapzdndp is a fly, so pslgw is more likely to fish with it's paws than sgapzdndp
iyjtoscfnvc is a bear, ppamimx is a fly, so iyjtoscfnvc is more likely to fish with it's paws than ppamimx
hbdbbxgjx is a bear, ojdk is a fly, so ojdk is more likely to fish with it's paws than hbdbbxgjx
zedybeptkbod is a bear, aryx is a fly, so aryx is more likely to fish with it's paws than zedybeptkbod
najwxxnljlb is a bear, kxpeagpydgik is a fly, so kxpeagpydgik is more likely to fish with it's paws than najwxxnljlb
ynltevgzjm is a bear, pefzfyiz is a fly, so pefzfyiz is more likely to fish with it's paws than ynltevgzjm
zqzeo is a bear, tsbfrrsusvst is a fly, so tsbfrrsusvst is more likely to fish with it's paws than zqzeo
dvzvawtorsec is a bear, kdzacuwlpfz is a fly, so dvzvawtorsec is not less likely to fish with it's paws than kdzacuwlpfz
nrvzkimtnvew is a bear, rscogwxemcl is a fly, so nrvzkimtnvew is not less likely to fish with it's paws than rscogwxemcl
vau is a bear, ldfckxnor is a fly, so vau is not less likely to fish with it's paws than ldfckxnor
hgtrekbns is a bear, ortvqvj is a fly, so hgtrekbns is not less likely to fish with it's paws than ortvqvj
stmjlqbomsr is a bear, ewdddcby is a fly, so stmjlqbomsr is not less likely to fish with it's paws than ewdddcby
tbglz is a bear, ymqacv is a fly, so ymqacv is not more likely to fish with it's paws than tbglz
pbtixphdjgp is a bear, ubujhez is a fly, so ubujhez is not more likely to fish with it's paws than pbtixphdjgp
qmzdowra is a bear, tesn is a fly, so tesn is not more likely to fish with it's paws than qmzdowra
jqjjfjemmik is a bear, aikbkmu is a fly, so aikbkmu is not more likely to fish with it's paws than jqjjfjemmik
awhajftabh is a bear, ugyxj is a fly, so ugyxj is not more likely to fish with it's paws than awhajftabh
wssqmqitstca is a spider, ngtfftzspkqv is a eagle, so wssqmqitstca is more likely to be on the floor than ngtfftzspkqv
uacghraopdti is a spider, daqtrtmiylj is a eagle, so uacghraopdti is more likely to be on the floor than daqtrtmiylj
dwfcsmz is a spider, vcy is a eagle, so dwfcsmz is more likely to be on the floor than vcy
zph is a spider, ptaylvsuhu is a eagle, so zph is more likely to be on the floor than ptaylvsuhu
jobmbpiddz is a spider, junzjqxox is a eagle, so jobmbpiddz is more likely to be on the floor than junzjqxox
cdck is a spider, gzw is a eagle, so gzw is less likely to be on the floor than cdck
rpm is a spider, nzvsczxnv is a eagle, so nzvsczxnv is less likely to be on the floor than rpm
htyplgxhmev is a spider, poikns is a eagle, so poikns is less likely to be on the floor than htyplgxhmev
lvpgpwuasiu is a spider, dwbrqt is a eagle, so dwbrqt is less likely to be on the floor than lvpgpwuasiu
crtxyemfvxrt is a spider, wdjsnvp is a eagle, so wdjsnvp is less likely to be on the floor than crtxyemfvxrt
adehyztgtjt is a spider, phfzj is a eagle, so adehyztgtjt is not less likely to be on the floor than phfzj
cmwd is a spider, fgadh is a eagle, so cmwd is not less likely to be on the floor than fgadh
rjbpiuv is a spider, givbw is a eagle, so rjbpiuv is not less likely to be on the floor than givbw
zchljbcvhtvn is a spider, ocestvwtryz is a eagle, so zchljbcvhtvn is not less likely to be on the floor than ocestvwtryz
suvc is a spider, mkcrydjadv is a eagle, so suvc is not less likely to be on the floor than mkcrydjadv
smlgkie is a spider, vdrb is a eagle, so vdrb is not more likely to be on the floor than smlgkie
rqukgnurr is a spider, zamidphmgh is a eagle, so zamidphmgh is not more likely to be on the floor than rqukgnurr
trrc is a spider, heymiizzdb is a eagle, so heymiizzdb is not more likely to be on the floor than trrc
glbkpcco is a spider, fuyfgcrvd is a eagle, so fuyfgcrvd is not more likely to be on the floor than glbkpcco
jdvruyq is a spider, ixdzxdpqvc is a eagle, so ixdzxdpqvc is not more likely to be on the floor than jdvruyq
nsdu is a snake, ndnrrvhipdtb is a sheep, so nsdu is less likely to be in the sun than ndnrrvhipdtb
zqaqywu is a snake, xqjx is a sheep, so zqaqywu is less likely to be in the sun than xqjx
bluqidd is a snake, gbdxw is a sheep, so bluqidd is less likely to be in the sun than gbdxw
lfgbdtmr is a snake, kesuhtzcjh is a sheep, so lfgbdtmr is less likely to be in the sun than kesuhtzcjh
kflszmhet is a snake, muugamq is a sheep, so kflszmhet is less likely to be in the sun than muugamq
inqlhuk is a snake, gueoi is a sheep, so gueoi is more likely to be in the sun than inqlhuk
mdcksuyybnh is a snake, qrtriu is a sheep, so qrtriu is more likely to be in the sun than mdcksuyybnh
jqviw is a snake, txqgjrlr is a sheep, so txqgjrlr is more likely to be in the sun than jqviw
ruuottxkhp is a snake, skbxrb is a sheep, so skbxrb is more likely to be in the sun than ruuottxkhp
irc is a snake, zyhd is a sheep, so zyhd is more likely to be in the sun than irc
sjgtwwycdzb is a snake, tylxgedtzdry is a sheep, so sjgtwwycdzb is not less solar than tylxgedtzdry
btqogriunjs is a snake, upb is a sheep, so btqogriunjs is not less solar than upb
eelluogmewtl is a snake, huin is a sheep, so eelluogmewtl is not less solar than huin
cvdhxprmgzq is a snake, upwnzdnbj is a sheep, so cvdhxprmgzq is not less solar than upwnzdnbj
whzl is a snake, yiw is a sheep, so whzl is not less solar than yiw
oxvmob is a snake, dfgerhapawsk is a sheep, so dfgerhapawsk is not more likely to be in the sun than oxvmob
weseyqffjks is a snake, qwgfswjpjqvn is a sheep, so qwgfswjpjqvn is not more likely to be in the sun than weseyqffjks
wsedotxusk is a snake, stasewnlyqda is a sheep, so stasewnlyqda is not more likely to be in the sun than wsedotxusk
eeulvzek is a snake, vnpqyiwf is a sheep, so vnpqyiwf is not more likely to be in the sun than eeulvzek
ykimlkenqmul is a snake, fkadpspgr is a sheep, so fkadpspgr is not more likely to be in the sun than ykimlkenqmul
emm is a cat, ffi is a tiger, so emm is more likely to wash its paws than ffi
vgqnfqokbl is a cat, kbifkiplp is a tiger, so vgqnfqokbl is more likely to wash its paws than kbifkiplp
ejt is a cat, ocjssww is a tiger, so ejt is more likely to wash its paws than ocjssww
mqr is a cat, ugsxkasuwybl is a tiger, so mqr is more likely to wash its paws than ugsxkasuwybl
dxjhnaaljsmt is a cat, wipyglfnqxv is a tiger, so dxjhnaaljsmt is more likely to wash its paws than wipyglfnqxv
dvlvvce is a cat, rumfugjja is a tiger, so rumfugjja is less likely to wash its paws than dvlvvce
rsomtbl is a cat, qguehikyuyt is a tiger, so qguehikyuyt is less likely to wash its paws than rsomtbl
obt is a cat, zzwk is a tiger, so zzwk is less likely to wash its paws than obt
hdk is a cat, xczou is a tiger, so xczou is less likely to wash its paws than hdk
xkyfijwv is a cat, waiabfvpcbzn is a tiger, so waiabfvpcbzn is less likely to wash its paws than xkyfijwv
punwbqfxvi is a cat, ngpol is a tiger, so punwbqfxvi is not less likely to wash its paws than ngpol
bnbs is a cat, hqixvdoilde is a tiger, so bnbs is not less likely to wash its paws than hqixvdoilde
ftrrzucj is a cat, was is a tiger, so ftrrzucj is not less likely to wash its paws than was
hnymv is a cat, ogj is a tiger, so hnymv is not less likely to wash its paws than ogj
jod is a cat, jxzpaqhnbs is a tiger, so jod is not less likely to wash its paws than jxzpaqhnbs
daocviwk is a cat, oehqjfdrqbv is a tiger, so oehqjfdrqbv is not more likely to wash its paws than daocviwk
qtujbrxbngir is a cat, ijtjvgmp is a tiger, so ijtjvgmp is not more likely to wash its paws than qtujbrxbngir
vvoaxecuwpxk is a cat, ayhpehrdy is a tiger, so ayhpehrdy is not more likely to wash its paws than vvoaxecuwpxk
ccrufcu is a cat, chkx is a tiger, so chkx is not more likely to wash its paws than ccrufcu
biovjdepmly is a cat, qgkmqxc is a tiger, so qgkmqxc is not more likely to wash its paws than biovjdepmly
aaxc is a fox, julnsvuuc is a pig, so aaxc is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than julnsvuuc
yftlscp is a fox, jjz is a pig, so yftlscp is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than jjz
lqhkzbhkb is a fox, hldtwduoh is a pig, so lqhkzbhkb is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than hldtwduoh
wdrsgw is a fox, rzb is a pig, so wdrsgw is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than rzb
hobgtulowes is a fox, mviime is a pig, so hobgtulowes is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than mviime
tfzdawbvtx is a fox, xuehm is a pig, so xuehm is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than tfzdawbvtx
vkeworjlbxv is a fox, gjrwcovtfu is a pig, so gjrwcovtfu is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than vkeworjlbxv
bkvwhg is a fox, khf is a pig, so khf is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than bkvwhg
rzjvngxdp is a fox, kiefa is a pig, so kiefa is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than rzjvngxdp
mzahhb is a fox, btxep is a pig, so btxep is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than mzahhb
cuzaqim is a fox, rblfy is a pig, so cuzaqim is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than rblfy
exuoqqyjmit is a fox, ozchdudugmz is a pig, so exuoqqyjmit is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than ozchdudugmz
anpson is a fox, iav is a pig, so anpson is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than iav
hlq is a fox, yhdhdtgjkm is a pig, so hlq is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than yhdhdtgjkm
opdfbyqyh is a fox, jzunsviua is a pig, so opdfbyqyh is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than jzunsviua
aqibjqmfkpz is a fox, djztaadnwqom is a pig, so djztaadnwqom is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than aqibjqmfkpz
idbpdgd is a fox, zfmyd is a pig, so zfmyd is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than idbpdgd
qzjg is a fox, nakwsqbgzbd is a pig, so nakwsqbgzbd is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than qzjg
mpavkbupmkkh is a fox, zebksdafzcne is a pig, so zebksdafzcne is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than mpavkbupmkkh
iwqhxftulk is a fox, hgdrkmezov is a pig, so hgdrkmezov is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than iwqhxftulk
ekerwz is a tiger, wfg is a scorpion, so ekerwz is more likely to kill you than wfg
menwnyaxhouq is a tiger, vfplgrrg is a scorpion, so menwnyaxhouq is more likely to kill you than vfplgrrg
miku is a tiger, qdzyp is a scorpion, so miku is more likely to kill you than qdzyp
wgjqcovcr is a tiger, ijfotoj is a scorpion, so wgjqcovcr is more likely to kill you than ijfotoj
fvx is a tiger, pmbavx is a scorpion, so fvx is more likely to kill you than pmbavx
pkfvstuurbjp is a tiger, uqkwshkoxlj is a scorpion, so uqkwshkoxlj is less likely to kill you than pkfvstuurbjp
xomvgnxcggyd is a tiger, aefv is a scorpion, so aefv is less likely to kill you than xomvgnxcggyd
tupoejnyyyf is a tiger, oujjtqllguov is a scorpion, so oujjtqllguov is less likely to kill you than tupoejnyyyf
redwvmzdk is a tiger, cooonc is a scorpion, so cooonc is less likely to kill you than redwvmzdk
yckupaj is a tiger, wubcc is a scorpion, so wubcc is less likely to kill you than yckupaj
fupckbfnqxep is a tiger, jkpnjz is a scorpion, so fupckbfnqxep is not less likely to kill you than jkpnjz
xbvckbgyqmf is a tiger, tlkxojmmrv is a scorpion, so xbvckbgyqmf is not less likely to kill you than tlkxojmmrv
jeufrjkei is a tiger, wapjq is a scorpion, so jeufrjkei is not less likely to kill you than wapjq
ajkgcf is a tiger, mlkizdvvgagx is a scorpion, so ajkgcf is not less likely to kill you than mlkizdvvgagx
uojqdfg is a tiger, bplhymyvc is a scorpion, so uojqdfg is not less likely to kill you than bplhymyvc
pyjhtdkbm is a tiger, dhyaftd is a scorpion, so dhyaftd is not more likely to kill you than pyjhtdkbm
wdacgp is a tiger, mdmdxhy is a scorpion, so mdmdxhy is not more likely to kill you than wdacgp
abufdnfii is a tiger, tlncypao is a scorpion, so tlncypao is not more likely to kill you than abufdnfii
mxokwxftg is a tiger, iajrrfnkb is a scorpion, so iajrrfnkb is not more likely to kill you than mxokwxftg
jabfqbquit is a tiger, peeu is a scorpion, so peeu is not more likely to kill you than jabfqbquit
hbnnqytpaf is a dog, pmpv is a kangaroo, so hbnnqytpaf is more likely to be in a park than pmpv
yzefqe is a dog, rxvwmmvgmmnc is a kangaroo, so yzefqe is more likely to be in a park than rxvwmmvgmmnc
ysibyofjg is a dog, fjpjle is a kangaroo, so ysibyofjg is more likely to be in a park than fjpjle
azsouiq is a dog, vveo is a kangaroo, so azsouiq is more likely to be in a park than vveo
jgoqx is a dog, yuomx is a kangaroo, so jgoqx is more likely to be in a park than yuomx
ttsudnzkzw is a dog, nahl is a kangaroo, so nahl is less likely to be in a park than ttsudnzkzw
mhpkdznke is a dog, khatoqv is a kangaroo, so khatoqv is less likely to be in a park than mhpkdznke
vvjhd is a dog, alpzeilhvss is a kangaroo, so alpzeilhvss is less likely to be in a park than vvjhd
xxmnqq is a dog, cntunrcwu is a kangaroo, so cntunrcwu is less likely to be in a park than xxmnqq
vryrislg is a dog, hoy is a kangaroo, so hoy is less likely to be in a park than vryrislg
rgthqdzdwd is a dog, zgtfhwjwngjs is a kangaroo, so rgthqdzdwd is not less likely to be in a park than zgtfhwjwngjs
ahzoctl is a dog, yxtnyku is a kangaroo, so ahzoctl is not less likely to be in a park than yxtnyku
ygqrpgsrsr is a dog, jzyivypyajyg is a kangaroo, so ygqrpgsrsr is not less likely to be in a park than jzyivypyajyg
giewiylvqw is a dog, jom is a kangaroo, so giewiylvqw is not less likely to be in a park than jom
slb is a dog, cjdca is a kangaroo, so slb is not less likely to be in a park than cjdca
mhltvzxpfu is a dog, cpdu is a kangaroo, so cpdu is not more likely to be in a park than mhltvzxpfu
mzindltrcy is a dog, ljmbhgbgp is a kangaroo, so ljmbhgbgp is not more likely to be in a park than mzindltrcy
kmhyov is a dog, cxihbsgauukz is a kangaroo, so cxihbsgauukz is not more likely to be in a park than kmhyov
nvljd is a dog, qjgrbh is a kangaroo, so qjgrbh is not more likely to be in a park than nvljd
bncnmuyhpmok is a dog, wocv is a kangaroo, so wocv is not more likely to be in a park than bncnmuyhpmok
riibunlt is a horse, tneuiba is a dolphin, so riibunlt is more likely to be in the equestrian competition than tneuiba
jkhgnbmjjai is a horse, bnsndlzo is a dolphin, so jkhgnbmjjai is more likely to be in the equestrian competition than bnsndlzo
uujx is a horse, bzannfhucyx is a dolphin, so uujx is more likely to be in the equestrian competition than bzannfhucyx
xshlowme is a horse, okqms is a dolphin, so xshlowme is more likely to be in the equestrian competition than okqms
ypuvye is a horse, iawiuhzp is a dolphin, so ypuvye is more likely to be in the equestrian competition than iawiuhzp
iwwviouioard is a horse, ezdhgocshzw is a dolphin, so ezdhgocshzw is less likely to be in the equestrian competition than iwwviouioard
ejrkiluwtlwq is a horse, ntqabodfe is a dolphin, so ntqabodfe is less likely to be in the equestrian competition than ejrkiluwtlwq
qwui is a horse, xizv is a dolphin, so xizv is less likely to be in the equestrian competition than qwui
gxabhfyag is a horse, vwezawgqmttk is a dolphin, so vwezawgqmttk is less likely to be in the equestrian competition than gxabhfyag
krhzszy is a horse, jxccmx is a dolphin, so jxccmx is less likely to be in the equestrian competition than krhzszy
pqecmvd is a horse, frlz is a dolphin, so pqecmvd is not less likely to be in the equestrian competition than frlz
xubce is a horse, ortay is a dolphin, so xubce is not less likely to be in the equestrian competition than ortay
squzcnl is a horse, ofugq is a dolphin, so squzcnl is not less likely to be in the equestrian competition than ofugq
yluasl is a horse, owgwpnzhrp is a dolphin, so yluasl is not less likely to be in the equestrian competition than owgwpnzhrp
lgcegxsudhxx is a horse, kfspjpuzhjds is a dolphin, so lgcegxsudhxx is not less likely to be in the equestrian competition than kfspjpuzhjds
dxlnczdmeout is a horse, eyyho is a dolphin, so eyyho is not more likely to be in the equestrian competition than dxlnczdmeout
gvqnhh is a horse, twgekmpy is a dolphin, so twgekmpy is not more likely to be in the equestrian competition than gvqnhh
ttvbzobhwc is a horse, tjobyf is a dolphin, so tjobyf is not more likely to be in the equestrian competition than ttvbzobhwc
itpqw is a horse, imtjrp is a dolphin, so imtjrp is not more likely to be in the equestrian competition than itpqw
idgzpiajzqi is a horse, hii is a dolphin, so hii is not more likely to be in the equestrian competition than idgzpiajzqi
goagz is a snake, krlf is a pig, so goagz is more likely to be in the sun than krlf
georezzpwopc is a snake, bokvovskqml is a pig, so georezzpwopc is more likely to be in the sun than bokvovskqml
fhsf is a snake, djeqrjbahve is a pig, so fhsf is more likely to be in the sun than djeqrjbahve
qeztmiziytb is a snake, wde is a pig, so qeztmiziytb is more likely to be in the sun than wde
osnlxm is a snake, dcfcqiq is a pig, so osnlxm is more likely to be in the sun than dcfcqiq
kufejdhhhwr is a snake, tbtb is a pig, so tbtb is less likely to be in the sun than kufejdhhhwr
hlywzkb is a snake, mady is a pig, so mady is less likely to be in the sun than hlywzkb
svry is a snake, vozp is a pig, so vozp is less likely to be in the sun than svry
lttk is a snake, zbcinexcxca is a pig, so zbcinexcxca is less likely to be in the sun than lttk
ybbn is a snake, bautlhmqx is a pig, so bautlhmqx is less likely to be in the sun than ybbn
uensthhyl is a snake, caordhijy is a pig, so uensthhyl is not less solar than caordhijy
hzmrrpncqf is a snake, inxxwoupeym is a pig, so hzmrrpncqf is not less solar than inxxwoupeym
uuvvazqlfzuo is a snake, iwsziesx is a pig, so uuvvazqlfzuo is not less solar than iwsziesx
ugtbdmbjhrs is a snake, mrqsn is a pig, so ugtbdmbjhrs is not less solar than mrqsn
laorq is a snake, teyhxxfzh is a pig, so laorq is not less solar than teyhxxfzh
jgvyzhvhdstq is a snake, miapkpgqme is a pig, so miapkpgqme is not more likely to be in the sun than jgvyzhvhdstq
sqpul is a snake, yizmoplb is a pig, so yizmoplb is not more likely to be in the sun than sqpul
uohbcrdqfj is a snake, lyfzldnjpwei is a pig, so lyfzldnjpwei is not more likely to be in the sun than uohbcrdqfj
lbawpehswev is a snake, jrue is a pig, so jrue is not more likely to be in the sun than lbawpehswev
usvwpqyhz is a snake, lywo is a pig, so lywo is not more likely to be in the sun than usvwpqyhz
qozrm is a giraffe, vcntfascfb is a tiger, so qozrm is more likely to be in a zoo than vcntfascfb
tdqvqlj is a giraffe, qewcvpoxwueh is a tiger, so tdqvqlj is more likely to be in a zoo than qewcvpoxwueh
hcrgtpp is a giraffe, ehznjsyanq is a tiger, so hcrgtpp is more likely to be in a zoo than ehznjsyanq
xyxyyy is a giraffe, cnas is a tiger, so xyxyyy is more likely to be in a zoo than cnas
vwqbztkfpl is a giraffe, uoghwnfl is a tiger, so vwqbztkfpl is more likely to be in a zoo than uoghwnfl
lklmscmngwvv is a giraffe, krqsmvlo is a tiger, so krqsmvlo is less likely to be in a zoo than lklmscmngwvv
bmoako is a giraffe, opfmj is a tiger, so opfmj is less likely to be in a zoo than bmoako
uguvyeszd is a giraffe, xnc is a tiger, so xnc is less likely to be in a zoo than uguvyeszd
yvqj is a giraffe, lgskkjyh is a tiger, so lgskkjyh is less likely to be in a zoo than yvqj
qmclf is a giraffe, ecfwgadkrgle is a tiger, so ecfwgadkrgle is less likely to be in a zoo than qmclf
ycawmstauczb is a giraffe, rpebta is a tiger, so ycawmstauczb is not more likely to be in a zoo than rpebta
scyxktnwal is a giraffe, asuaqrl is a tiger, so scyxktnwal is not more likely to be in a zoo than asuaqrl
xaaop is a giraffe, ylljdni is a tiger, so xaaop is not more likely to be in a zoo than ylljdni
axdmqzd is a giraffe, kjijtb is a tiger, so axdmqzd is not more likely to be in a zoo than kjijtb
foz is a giraffe, hokswzpcu is a tiger, so foz is not more likely to be in a zoo than hokswzpcu
ezixcjyfohm is a giraffe, cekgfhmxzykb is a tiger, so cekgfhmxzykb is not more likely to be in a zoo than ezixcjyfohm
ftqkvnkwz is a giraffe, wemfsrjjbfga is a tiger, so wemfsrjjbfga is not more likely to be in a zoo than ftqkvnkwz
uds is a giraffe, rvwnwmhvok is a tiger, so rvwnwmhvok is not more likely to be in a zoo than uds
nmrnpbmjqifd is a giraffe, dnrduvtesw is a tiger, so dnrduvtesw is not more likely to be in a zoo than nmrnpbmjqifd
kjscs is a giraffe, fjzcafvit is a tiger, so fjzcafvit is not more likely to be in a zoo than kjscs
keetsmrsx is a horse, pioaxnlt is a snake, so keetsmrsx is more likely to jump a barrier than pioaxnlt
pipizbgcgyq is a horse, dfidjquzgpr is a snake, so pipizbgcgyq is more likely to jump a barrier than dfidjquzgpr
ngxnnjiqu is a horse, inwldi is a snake, so ngxnnjiqu is more likely to jump a barrier than inwldi
atz is a horse, nfvlzgpbbanf is a snake, so atz is more likely to jump a barrier than nfvlzgpbbanf
fbpy is a horse, bqmkdnxsbg is a snake, so fbpy is more likely to jump a barrier than bqmkdnxsbg
qkczrw is a horse, iyhw is a snake, so iyhw is less likely to jump a barrier than qkczrw
fzvkt is a horse, eepa is a snake, so eepa is less likely to jump a barrier than fzvkt
tob is a horse, irkz is a snake, so irkz is less likely to jump a barrier than tob
bzulfrfwul is a horse, xwevrlw is a snake, so xwevrlw is less likely to jump a barrier than bzulfrfwul
ummzcvz is a horse, unfhw is a snake, so unfhw is less likely to jump a barrier than ummzcvz
rmibxo is a horse, wkffem is a snake, so rmibxo is not less likely to jump a barrier than wkffem
dnbmjcum is a horse, mgmemteledwk is a snake, so dnbmjcum is not less likely to jump a barrier than mgmemteledwk
sbxvh is a horse, vsazvarw is a snake, so sbxvh is not less likely to jump a barrier than vsazvarw
hhezzzjytwu is a horse, oujbruoushiz is a snake, so hhezzzjytwu is not less likely to jump a barrier than oujbruoushiz
piu is a horse, qpuomvh is a snake, so piu is not less likely to jump a barrier than qpuomvh
wykoorysujn is a horse, khm is a snake, so khm is not more likely to jump a barrier than wykoorysujn
cndpt is a horse, bffgrxv is a snake, so bffgrxv is not more likely to jump a barrier than cndpt
jrnfupf is a horse, odt is a snake, so odt is not more likely to jump a barrier than jrnfupf
kdwguszatl is a horse, utdye is a snake, so utdye is not more likely to jump a barrier than kdwguszatl
npbjrd is a horse, smkqkgmflwza is a snake, so smkqkgmflwza is not more likely to jump a barrier than npbjrd
sttxmctqu is a elephant, xoi is a dolphin, so sttxmctqu will likely forget to go on the paper more than xoi
gqguujkeol is a elephant, pwgwoioorla is a dolphin, so gqguujkeol will likely forget to go on the paper more than pwgwoioorla
ubvkoaqlee is a elephant, scqhs is a dolphin, so ubvkoaqlee will likely forget to go on the paper more than scqhs
gasurwjjemes is a elephant, jxybpcglnh is a dolphin, so gasurwjjemes will likely forget to go on the paper more than jxybpcglnh
wflazulfdfva is a elephant, knvy is a dolphin, so wflazulfdfva will likely forget to go on the paper more than knvy
dlbpr is a elephant, uikbfc is a dolphin, so uikbfc is more likely to go on the paper than dlbpr
zplnbrr is a elephant, nskcopmetpl is a dolphin, so nskcopmetpl is more likely to go on the paper than zplnbrr
dxeiubzrfww is a elephant, izyvwe is a dolphin, so izyvwe is more likely to go on the paper than dxeiubzrfww
lvwztaeecbfv is a elephant, gbsf is a dolphin, so gbsf is more likely to go on the paper than lvwztaeecbfv
lobuuh is a elephant, yleiqewpnyj is a dolphin, so yleiqewpnyj is more likely to go on the paper than lobuuh
iylrstna is a elephant, nxpqqzbzma is a dolphin, so iylrstna is not less likely to go on the paper than nxpqqzbzma
was is a elephant, stnbpvrtvtxb is a dolphin, so was is not less likely to go on the paper than stnbpvrtvtxb
wgalilq is a elephant, jteui is a dolphin, so wgalilq is not less likely to go on the paper than jteui
wdopdko is a elephant, yca is a dolphin, so wdopdko is not less likely to go on the paper than yca
znehgzvbrym is a elephant, ltdsdegwhjft is a dolphin, so znehgzvbrym is not less likely to go on the paper than ltdsdegwhjft
rrcwiukjwhs is a elephant, owmf is a dolphin, so owmf is not more likely to go on the paper than rrcwiukjwhs
spgvlhrp is a elephant, hlxki is a dolphin, so hlxki is not more likely to go on the paper than spgvlhrp
qjuoti is a elephant, uzoy is a dolphin, so uzoy is not more likely to go on the paper than qjuoti
bgzmhehtyce is a elephant, cldgj is a dolphin, so cldgj is not more likely to go on the paper than bgzmhehtyce
ojlciz is a elephant, efnepbhskz is a dolphin, so efnepbhskz is not more likely to go on the paper than ojlciz
yyi is a bee, tuavjegfmy is a sheep, so yyi is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than tuavjegfmy
uoouaff is a bee, gewrdjmc is a sheep, so uoouaff is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than gewrdjmc
rbjtsrwhj is a bee, tsfvw is a sheep, so rbjtsrwhj is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than tsfvw
rqmgpeypegom is a bee, pnyb is a sheep, so rqmgpeypegom is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than pnyb
xdua is a bee, pjcnkkqane is a sheep, so xdua is more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than pjcnkkqane
dlveagpzlyp is a bee, bqevevz is a sheep, so bqevevz is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than dlveagpzlyp
sqzrpwzvxxff is a bee, sfupham is a sheep, so sfupham is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than sqzrpwzvxxff
rij is a bee, yuaybnmp is a sheep, so yuaybnmp is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than rij
jdujtx is a bee, lsqmq is a sheep, so lsqmq is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than jdujtx
hwsanpvqayzs is a bee, lvhvcqnjseux is a sheep, so lvhvcqnjseux is less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than hwsanpvqayzs
sgy is a bee, qrpyjeahknu is a sheep, so sgy is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than qrpyjeahknu
eerggwuddjp is a bee, gmnkqlsymkk is a sheep, so eerggwuddjp is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than gmnkqlsymkk
cnvzwark is a bee, btmrqwdteixv is a sheep, so cnvzwark is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than btmrqwdteixv
mlnjemmfw is a bee, zhtrmepqwes is a sheep, so mlnjemmfw is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than zhtrmepqwes
fvkzvojnakye is a bee, iuqw is a sheep, so fvkzvojnakye is not less likely to be in honeysuckle vines than iuqw
tgb is a bee, gatbpqyvm is a sheep, so gatbpqyvm is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than tgb
vhssqwberav is a bee, myz is a sheep, so myz is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than vhssqwberav
zyp is a bee, aqs is a sheep, so aqs is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than zyp
qacjw is a bee, nzgoeiz is a sheep, so nzgoeiz is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than qacjw
wzukdbmt is a bee, cbtq is a sheep, so cbtq is not more likely to be in honeysuckle vines than wzukdbmt
vmauyw is a bee, noskmn is a chicken, so vmauyw is less likely to fly than noskmn
xredtushefnp is a bee, itfmjyqburg is a chicken, so xredtushefnp is less likely to fly than itfmjyqburg
ldkdtzaamorb is a bee, grufy is a chicken, so ldkdtzaamorb is less likely to fly than grufy
nsb is a bee, bfsckzivbjb is a chicken, so nsb is less likely to fly than bfsckzivbjb
srskczhk is a bee, wauzw is a chicken, so srskczhk is less likely to fly than wauzw
vddnesna is a bee, qnkwvnwmro is a chicken, so qnkwvnwmro is less likely to fly than vddnesna
nvqela is a bee, ogbadjictckk is a chicken, so ogbadjictckk is less likely to fly than nvqela
dxptepgeu is a bee, chezjczwchl is a chicken, so chezjczwchl is less likely to fly than dxptepgeu
iusdtw is a bee, iekodor is a chicken, so iekodor is less likely to fly than iusdtw
pdj is a bee, xchlgm is a chicken, so xchlgm is less likely to fly than pdj
cazdxasj is a bee, bdnpntptgju is a chicken, so cazdxasj is not less likely to fly than bdnpntptgju
nirorcolfvs is a bee, scdilhsbkl is a chicken, so nirorcolfvs is not less likely to fly than scdilhsbkl
evjsfewrn is a bee, pquwnghue is a chicken, so evjsfewrn is not less likely to fly than pquwnghue
ddmynsh is a bee, npljfwsmcf is a chicken, so ddmynsh is not less likely to fly than npljfwsmcf
bytrqmmves is a bee, puriak is a chicken, so bytrqmmves is not less likely to fly than puriak
gpujiya is a bee, nlotwyrl is a chicken, so nlotwyrl is not more likely to fly than gpujiya
lavzcizik is a bee, bjdyxgycehj is a chicken, so bjdyxgycehj is not more likely to fly than lavzcizik
yphgfq is a bee, wrhggcdmtsj is a chicken, so wrhggcdmtsj is not more likely to fly than yphgfq
wlkixbhnkua is a bee, ulwcvxyg is a chicken, so ulwcvxyg is not more likely to fly than wlkixbhnkua
qetvsla is a bee, jykjxewtajs is a chicken, so jykjxewtajs is not more likely to fly than qetvsla
wahchcg is a horse, vbxnekiao is a cow, so wahchcg is more likely to step high than vbxnekiao
egacny is a horse, hyrsfof is a cow, so egacny is more likely to step high than hyrsfof
umscmx is a horse, mivtgsgiaopm is a cow, so umscmx is more likely to step high than mivtgsgiaopm
gxdjdran is a horse, mqlkeamr is a cow, so gxdjdran is more likely to step high than mqlkeamr
wfcrbyglm is a horse, jpmt is a cow, so wfcrbyglm is more likely to step high than jpmt
flgnylrmc is a horse, aepnro is a cow, so aepnro is less likely to step high than flgnylrmc
wch is a horse, kia is a cow, so kia is less likely to step high than wch
bfmkfhoxa is a horse, atnipoxxh is a cow, so atnipoxxh is less likely to step high than bfmkfhoxa
dswrwqrdx is a horse, kpqpkn is a cow, so kpqpkn is less likely to step high than dswrwqrdx
wizpydqqfi is a horse, sekiqd is a cow, so sekiqd is less likely to step high than wizpydqqfi
fgedecgqe is a horse, xxpihwqpqgsh is a cow, so fgedecgqe is not less step high than xxpihwqpqgsh
twgaufkqfchb is a horse, zmxyeudlu is a cow, so twgaufkqfchb is not less step high than zmxyeudlu
uabfachvigss is a horse, fypxbjocwjbb is a cow, so uabfachvigss is not less step high than fypxbjocwjbb
wedkkmjytfl is a horse, kavce is a cow, so wedkkmjytfl is not less step high than kavce
mcyzkpqxhwt is a horse, xvjkedj is a cow, so mcyzkpqxhwt is not less step high than xvjkedj
kirwzwtku is a horse, dihulisac is a cow, so dihulisac is not more step high than kirwzwtku
wym is a horse, mbfmebnnowsa is a cow, so mbfmebnnowsa is not more step high than wym
fdtdjgyqzo is a horse, txmto is a cow, so txmto is not more step high than fdtdjgyqzo
ykvjkdrmtxxy is a horse, snj is a cow, so snj is not more step high than ykvjkdrmtxxy
bmxe is a horse, udyr is a cow, so udyr is not more step high than bmxe
yxofjcfms is a bear, zuncf is a lobster, so yxofjcfms is more likely to hunt a rabbit than zuncf
istyl is a bear, ruf is a lobster, so istyl is more likely to hunt a rabbit than ruf
covprxtxk is a bear, oayv is a lobster, so covprxtxk is more likely to hunt a rabbit than oayv
fspnwdia is a bear, tguaq is a lobster, so fspnwdia is more likely to hunt a rabbit than tguaq
soetj is a bear, yazpvfdft is a lobster, so soetj is more likely to hunt a rabbit than yazpvfdft
mqd is a bear, tyv is a lobster, so tyv is less likely to hunt a rabbit than mqd
krgyena is a bear, xwageuh is a lobster, so xwageuh is less likely to hunt a rabbit than krgyena
bthov is a bear, leyz is a lobster, so leyz is less likely to hunt a rabbit than bthov
bbur is a bear, wng is a lobster, so wng is less likely to hunt a rabbit than bbur
ktovpuxc is a bear, gnmwndeqh is a lobster, so gnmwndeqh is less likely to hunt a rabbit than ktovpuxc
gwekjho is a bear, sgi is a lobster, so gwekjho is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than sgi
fdqbh is a bear, azy is a lobster, so fdqbh is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than azy
jxhv is a bear, ajlx is a lobster, so jxhv is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than ajlx
kshooltb is a bear, dagdiaee is a lobster, so kshooltb is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than dagdiaee
djymbrryj is a bear, auhsabnwwsd is a lobster, so djymbrryj is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than auhsabnwwsd
ziiqqr is a bear, pismo is a lobster, so pismo is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than ziiqqr
qvi is a bear, tlmvw is a lobster, so tlmvw is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than qvi
uzrjs is a bear, uef is a lobster, so uef is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than uzrjs
dvtrqkgsm is a bear, sfkfwoqem is a lobster, so sfkfwoqem is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than dvtrqkgsm
ttzqfonreonj is a bear, acogas is a lobster, so acogas is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than ttzqfonreonj
gizvuomp is a turtle, eoravlroqtr is a giraffe, so gizvuomp is more likely to be in a box than eoravlroqtr
gmsxt is a turtle, bselucjqk is a giraffe, so gmsxt is more likely to be in a box than bselucjqk
znvfaq is a turtle, jlwtep is a giraffe, so znvfaq is more likely to be in a box than jlwtep
dcssk is a turtle, phchovoa is a giraffe, so dcssk is more likely to be in a box than phchovoa
dhfxujjqag is a turtle, gdfgzmxmvt is a giraffe, so dhfxujjqag is more likely to be in a box than gdfgzmxmvt
vilvilrr is a turtle, nmdmqadoz is a giraffe, so nmdmqadoz is less likely to be in a box than vilvilrr
dkpqobrhbnob is a turtle, kxsaaw is a giraffe, so kxsaaw is less likely to be in a box than dkpqobrhbnob
lgj is a turtle, uqja is a giraffe, so uqja is less likely to be in a box than lgj
tmdtqiotejc is a turtle, fioludtg is a giraffe, so fioludtg is less likely to be in a box than tmdtqiotejc
pis is a turtle, nzd is a giraffe, so nzd is less likely to be in a box than pis
qqsegotcmrml is a turtle, cxblux is a giraffe, so qqsegotcmrml is not less likely to be in a box than cxblux
urnzcf is a turtle, talcmoqqhn is a giraffe, so urnzcf is not less likely to be in a box than talcmoqqhn
xcuxz is a turtle, ozdgt is a giraffe, so xcuxz is not less likely to be in a box than ozdgt
kvu is a turtle, wsjkozzhqibb is a giraffe, so kvu is not less likely to be in a box than wsjkozzhqibb
eieemrbw is a turtle, vexqjcrib is a giraffe, so eieemrbw is not less likely to be in a box than vexqjcrib
czlaybns is a turtle, uqv is a giraffe, so uqv is not more likely to be in a box than czlaybns
zyms is a turtle, wufhl is a giraffe, so wufhl is not more likely to be in a box than zyms
oyljgkiu is a turtle, iadkafbo is a giraffe, so iadkafbo is not more likely to be in a box than oyljgkiu
dvzpltj is a turtle, leeuke is a giraffe, so leeuke is not more likely to be in a box than dvzpltj
rvupyprbdz is a turtle, upvtseyjnhyw is a giraffe, so upvtseyjnhyw is not more likely to be in a box than rvupyprbdz
kzpudx is a dog, wmhznzehv is a deer, so kzpudx is more likely to guard your house than wmhznzehv
tlennvnmoz is a dog, zspulbgpvw is a deer, so tlennvnmoz is more likely to guard your house than zspulbgpvw
xrxjjgp is a dog, qsyldiw is a deer, so xrxjjgp is more likely to guard your house than qsyldiw
qyu is a dog, ttznrtdurz is a deer, so qyu is more likely to guard your house than ttznrtdurz
iakeeqhv is a dog, xdt is a deer, so iakeeqhv is more likely to guard your house than xdt
lunvbt is a dog, sjqsbgjif is a deer, so sjqsbgjif is less likely to guard your house than lunvbt
kyczyaproog is a dog, dsjzyrazek is a deer, so dsjzyrazek is less likely to guard your house than kyczyaproog
wipmkw is a dog, qtz is a deer, so qtz is less likely to guard your house than wipmkw
zqobrlefqrwy is a dog, hdiccpik is a deer, so hdiccpik is less likely to guard your house than zqobrlefqrwy
xmtq is a dog, nzxfwyjg is a deer, so nzxfwyjg is less likely to guard your house than xmtq
pbcbpljc is a dog, rzyjyegoqe is a deer, so pbcbpljc is not less likely to guard your house than rzyjyegoqe
kqlqjtwe is a dog, javhayjefvi is a deer, so kqlqjtwe is not less likely to guard your house than javhayjefvi
nzstos is a dog, lugfufgh is a deer, so nzstos is not less likely to guard your house than lugfufgh
jiswtgqqydds is a dog, zhmhfl is a deer, so jiswtgqqydds is not less likely to guard your house than zhmhfl
owyiwupdfndv is a dog, wrqsaonzy is a deer, so owyiwupdfndv is not less likely to guard your house than wrqsaonzy
yse is a dog, hrdcquudsz is a deer, so hrdcquudsz is not more likely to guard your house than yse
prnieb is a dog, tzxczap is a deer, so tzxczap is not more likely to guard your house than prnieb
cxkx is a dog, nztbpidpliq is a deer, so nztbpidpliq is not more likely to guard your house than cxkx
cgoqfxlxa is a dog, vrrdsjkrbl is a deer, so vrrdsjkrbl is not more likely to guard your house than cgoqfxlxa
doloioznu is a dog, uwtefoivq is a deer, so uwtefoivq is not more likely to guard your house than doloioznu
msyt is a chicken, amqbqbegkes is a scorpion, so msyt is more likely to cross the road than amqbqbegkes
zlaipiptxto is a chicken, emoq is a scorpion, so zlaipiptxto is more likely to cross the road than emoq
jlhfsdoucpvj is a chicken, ldp is a scorpion, so jlhfsdoucpvj is more likely to cross the road than ldp
jctngzcwldby is a chicken, rcdqougdh is a scorpion, so jctngzcwldby is more likely to cross the road than rcdqougdh
dsxvppoj is a chicken, scwbbhbat is a scorpion, so dsxvppoj is more likely to cross the road than scwbbhbat
yaxdvszk is a chicken, irfputcwyfp is a scorpion, so irfputcwyfp is less likely to cross the road than yaxdvszk
elgbd is a chicken, dhguz is a scorpion, so dhguz is less likely to cross the road than elgbd
bvjzpg is a chicken, kevnsmzjfgeo is a scorpion, so kevnsmzjfgeo is less likely to cross the road than bvjzpg
gcoaup is a chicken, fkodzrfwo is a scorpion, so fkodzrfwo is less likely to cross the road than gcoaup
stgqatqv is a chicken, oanzxvjx is a scorpion, so oanzxvjx is less likely to cross the road than stgqatqv
rgblrmc is a chicken, aevmmdyh is a scorpion, so rgblrmc is not less likely to cross the road than aevmmdyh
bjzzndtd is a chicken, cozblzmhox is a scorpion, so bjzzndtd is not less likely to cross the road than cozblzmhox
zgtm is a chicken, hfmrz is a scorpion, so zgtm is not less likely to cross the road than hfmrz
rlcgmtwwar is a chicken, mjqpvtxls is a scorpion, so rlcgmtwwar is not less likely to cross the road than mjqpvtxls
djtgywtzfjm is a chicken, bwenx is a scorpion, so djtgywtzfjm is not less likely to cross the road than bwenx
urkagbfwng is a chicken, zkhpdyjsz is a scorpion, so zkhpdyjsz is not more likely to cross the road than urkagbfwng
fknsdg is a chicken, qoissa is a scorpion, so qoissa is not more likely to cross the road than fknsdg
aqnfsiepkym is a chicken, thz is a scorpion, so thz is not more likely to cross the road than aqnfsiepkym
wtly is a chicken, gtprbt is a scorpion, so gtprbt is not more likely to cross the road than wtly
qnl is a chicken, wedwyzsmxn is a scorpion, so wedwyzsmxn is not more likely to cross the road than qnl
dxcaezc is a spider, vonfsdwr is a turtle, so dxcaezc is more likely to spin webs than vonfsdwr
jlrhmmekhpp is a spider, cgdnpdu is a turtle, so jlrhmmekhpp is more likely to spin webs than cgdnpdu
sbzyxydvsp is a spider, cbfgngxihike is a turtle, so sbzyxydvsp is more likely to spin webs than cbfgngxihike
omxjvocivp is a spider, yshevppw is a turtle, so omxjvocivp is more likely to spin webs than yshevppw
ffxdko is a spider, sxltqlred is a turtle, so ffxdko is more likely to spin webs than sxltqlred
hqvhaktj is a spider, bhpjbt is a turtle, so bhpjbt is less likely to spin webs than hqvhaktj
fktsnxtfroum is a spider, kkksu is a turtle, so kkksu is less likely to spin webs than fktsnxtfroum
ylqjxneoikam is a spider, kaeyd is a turtle, so kaeyd is less likely to spin webs than ylqjxneoikam
vtmxpv is a spider, faquaaqzzb is a turtle, so faquaaqzzb is less likely to spin webs than vtmxpv
nbs is a spider, ffqc is a turtle, so ffqc is less likely to spin webs than nbs
vluwf is a spider, jbyjryopc is a turtle, so vluwf is not less likely to spin webs than jbyjryopc
mjwutrvsax is a spider, vuftkdia is a turtle, so mjwutrvsax is not less likely to spin webs than vuftkdia
efaam is a spider, tedvw is a turtle, so efaam is not less likely to spin webs than tedvw
ljvrymwguuuj is a spider, vhdqxwalq is a turtle, so ljvrymwguuuj is not less likely to spin webs than vhdqxwalq
zerq is a spider, dtmgvrqxhbmi is a turtle, so zerq is not less likely to spin webs than dtmgvrqxhbmi
ujvauyvj is a spider, bcjrnekhxiva is a turtle, so bcjrnekhxiva is not more likely to spin webs than ujvauyvj
oaifjruto is a spider, jenycwd is a turtle, so jenycwd is not more likely to spin webs than oaifjruto
oiez is a spider, wjglwjozs is a turtle, so wjglwjozs is not more likely to spin webs than oiez
xdxsscustqn is a spider, sdayd is a turtle, so sdayd is not more likely to spin webs than xdxsscustqn
bue is a spider, cmuykh is a turtle, so cmuykh is not more likely to spin webs than bue
ljeaxdirkztk is a octopus, vgciau is a rabbit, so ljeaxdirkztk is more likely to be in the ocean than vgciau
sdemyknpgx is a octopus, jmkiaqjscyft is a rabbit, so sdemyknpgx is more likely to be in the ocean than jmkiaqjscyft
mlvbheqjgqm is a octopus, zxhp is a rabbit, so mlvbheqjgqm is more likely to be in the ocean than zxhp
eooveujlhzts is a octopus, ggmzjchvk is a rabbit, so eooveujlhzts is more likely to be in the ocean than ggmzjchvk
wpcaui is a octopus, zrymo is a rabbit, so wpcaui is more likely to be in the ocean than zrymo
abzxjjssav is a octopus, wtppzgdpfvon is a rabbit, so wtppzgdpfvon is less likely to be in the ocean than abzxjjssav
bsfmny is a octopus, mfzkykdekd is a rabbit, so mfzkykdekd is less likely to be in the ocean than bsfmny
bflnjmmqubcl is a octopus, doqwcnaiff is a rabbit, so doqwcnaiff is less likely to be in the ocean than bflnjmmqubcl
amrcxpywyup is a octopus, uxmor is a rabbit, so uxmor is less likely to be in the ocean than amrcxpywyup
wwvimbhtby is a octopus, epopbmz is a rabbit, so epopbmz is less likely to be in the ocean than wwvimbhtby
ksrlor is a octopus, bujoq is a rabbit, so ksrlor is not less likely to be in the ocean than bujoq
exlabujqgpg is a octopus, jrmflzcrlnaq is a rabbit, so exlabujqgpg is not less likely to be in the ocean than jrmflzcrlnaq
ykzutvcfpoq is a octopus, dyoa is a rabbit, so ykzutvcfpoq is not less likely to be in the ocean than dyoa
umxwpdwiked is a octopus, hcf is a rabbit, so umxwpdwiked is not less likely to be in the ocean than hcf
aku is a octopus, stjtz is a rabbit, so aku is not less likely to be in the ocean than stjtz
uuxuwn is a octopus, crijx is a rabbit, so crijx is not more likely to be in the ocean than uuxuwn
nvwy is a octopus, oeof is a rabbit, so oeof is not more likely to be in the ocean than nvwy
ccbxjgrdkw is a octopus, iid is a rabbit, so iid is not more likely to be in the ocean than ccbxjgrdkw
qgditfepw is a octopus, dmryxszhvscn is a rabbit, so dmryxszhvscn is not more likely to be in the ocean than qgditfepw
jrzycubzrj is a octopus, eomm is a rabbit, so eomm is not more likely to be in the ocean than jrzycubzrj
upfmjdzq is a cat, ubhbfrcq is a dolphin, so upfmjdzq is more likely to be at a vet than ubhbfrcq
xxkhd is a cat, gbonhdyj is a dolphin, so xxkhd is more likely to be at a vet than gbonhdyj
adzbfeay is a cat, ynawg is a dolphin, so adzbfeay is more likely to be at a vet than ynawg
mcvv is a cat, ujojkuf is a dolphin, so mcvv is more likely to be at a vet than ujojkuf
ochjnf is a cat, jkeuq is a dolphin, so ochjnf is more likely to be at a vet than jkeuq
wzu is a cat, lxbjkuwpjecj is a dolphin, so lxbjkuwpjecj is less likely to be at a vet than wzu
shluk is a cat, fivnopqpv is a dolphin, so fivnopqpv is less likely to be at a vet than shluk
xmrlfzx is a cat, boddz is a dolphin, so boddz is less likely to be at a vet than xmrlfzx
kxwyvuwbro is a cat, ycvapipcob is a dolphin, so ycvapipcob is less likely to be at a vet than kxwyvuwbro
zicmwqyfgaiq is a cat, zmiy is a dolphin, so zmiy is less likely to be at a vet than zicmwqyfgaiq
nicdzwqwqrfq is a cat, ljnaoial is a dolphin, so nicdzwqwqrfq is not less likely to be at a vet than ljnaoial
qblvkzukbn is a cat, pdoynox is a dolphin, so qblvkzukbn is not less likely to be at a vet than pdoynox
wnpwvewgsu is a cat, coootuwsf is a dolphin, so wnpwvewgsu is not less likely to be at a vet than coootuwsf
fahntjqp is a cat, nkpgojokl is a dolphin, so fahntjqp is not less likely to be at a vet than nkpgojokl
lxuqstieqbg is a cat, jzgwmvdlt is a dolphin, so lxuqstieqbg is not less likely to be at a vet than jzgwmvdlt
qgw is a cat, qzlq is a dolphin, so qzlq is not more likely to be at a vet than qgw
gtfk is a cat, plexblioq is a dolphin, so plexblioq is not more likely to be at a vet than gtfk
jlyvoquiclyp is a cat, guzcp is a dolphin, so guzcp is not more likely to be at a vet than jlyvoquiclyp
wkbryay is a cat, zcdvq is a dolphin, so zcdvq is not more likely to be at a vet than wkbryay
drdnsz is a cat, upibozutray is a dolphin, so upibozutray is not more likely to be at a vet than drdnsz
haawgelhe is a bird, dmeifmpro is a bear, so haawgelhe is more likely to be in a cage than dmeifmpro
sfxj is a bird, xoxqsbof is a bear, so sfxj is more likely to be in a cage than xoxqsbof
xaqckmkgrbp is a bird, niyymg is a bear, so xaqckmkgrbp is more likely to be in a cage than niyymg
huochdzbayx is a bird, ohctgawhgld is a bear, so huochdzbayx is more likely to be in a cage than ohctgawhgld
aesrgade is a bird, bga is a bear, so aesrgade is more likely to be in a cage than bga
iso is a bird, gyrdszq is a bear, so gyrdszq is less likely to be in a cage than iso
crayyzyd is a bird, qdapfuz is a bear, so qdapfuz is less likely to be in a cage than crayyzyd
ptktvhvtk is a bird, zqddjaqwfsni is a bear, so zqddjaqwfsni is less likely to be in a cage than ptktvhvtk
hqnsv is a bird, grjobfv is a bear, so grjobfv is less likely to be in a cage than hqnsv
qjvjydkv is a bird, lqmc is a bear, so lqmc is less likely to be in a cage than qjvjydkv
utd is a bird, svyfzf is a bear, so utd is not less likely to be in a cage than svyfzf
bxpwkkjlgg is a bird, vrznx is a bear, so bxpwkkjlgg is not less likely to be in a cage than vrznx
jyjkhmbvz is a bird, rjodzgbr is a bear, so jyjkhmbvz is not less likely to be in a cage than rjodzgbr
dpsbpogpjlaa is a bird, fflfvxseh is a bear, so dpsbpogpjlaa is not less likely to be in a cage than fflfvxseh
wybvmmxu is a bird, mpvwliz is a bear, so wybvmmxu is not less likely to be in a cage than mpvwliz
cerc is a bird, sgpwmvkznie is a bear, so sgpwmvkznie is not more likely to be in a cage than cerc
autpxi is a bird, dxwo is a bear, so dxwo is not more likely to be in a cage than autpxi
wnrnx is a bird, hhksil is a bear, so hhksil is not more likely to be in a cage than wnrnx
uzxbcesxd is a bird, ijpbgjjj is a bear, so ijpbgjjj is not more likely to be in a cage than uzxbcesxd
cfuq is a bird, nfgcymdfs is a bear, so nfgcymdfs is not more likely to be in a cage than cfuq
ymb is a sheep, zuwlxnjxxj is a kangaroo, so ymb is more likely to graze than zuwlxnjxxj
hbapvk is a sheep, tilorza is a kangaroo, so hbapvk is more likely to graze than tilorza
xhusx is a sheep, bviyhbbzrjr is a kangaroo, so xhusx is more likely to graze than bviyhbbzrjr
vflgxx is a sheep, qeiw is a kangaroo, so vflgxx is more likely to graze than qeiw
obzzqdwvdpb is a sheep, arti is a kangaroo, so obzzqdwvdpb is more likely to graze than arti
vjxri is a sheep, zenwwdosit is a kangaroo, so zenwwdosit is less likely to graze than vjxri
gowl is a sheep, wlrevhxnxn is a kangaroo, so wlrevhxnxn is less likely to graze than gowl
pafwuueel is a sheep, chpzxbkheaz is a kangaroo, so chpzxbkheaz is less likely to graze than pafwuueel
rrvhrcenrj is a sheep, fansrozwfswm is a kangaroo, so fansrozwfswm is less likely to graze than rrvhrcenrj
onuriygi is a sheep, rorlqbmmzvj is a kangaroo, so rorlqbmmzvj is less likely to graze than onuriygi
ksztllvvfr is a sheep, vgomzeyetkv is a kangaroo, so ksztllvvfr is not less likely to graze than vgomzeyetkv
jfreeyfm is a sheep, qfa is a kangaroo, so jfreeyfm is not less likely to graze than qfa
xfma is a sheep, yvlih is a kangaroo, so xfma is not less likely to graze than yvlih
kzkiktbvrn is a sheep, qvjic is a kangaroo, so kzkiktbvrn is not less likely to graze than qvjic
tki is a sheep, sclnsdzunx is a kangaroo, so tki is not less likely to graze than sclnsdzunx
vpmjod is a sheep, txfdizw is a kangaroo, so txfdizw is not more likely to graze than vpmjod
txsg is a sheep, ltb is a kangaroo, so ltb is not more likely to graze than txsg
wgxeiodfo is a sheep, cugayjuicg is a kangaroo, so cugayjuicg is not more likely to graze than wgxeiodfo
nznxuecvywk is a sheep, pkio is a kangaroo, so pkio is not more likely to graze than nznxuecvywk
gqbempy is a sheep, shmyvmksjlx is a kangaroo, so shmyvmksjlx is not more likely to graze than gqbempy
sxa is a dog, tak is a dolphin, so sxa is more likely to guard your house than tak
jlnsycvycuf is a dog, ifnrkwdpc is a dolphin, so jlnsycvycuf is more likely to guard your house than ifnrkwdpc
hntxposrotvd is a dog, wzes is a dolphin, so hntxposrotvd is more likely to guard your house than wzes
mqu is a dog, zpouch is a dolphin, so mqu is more likely to guard your house than zpouch
weehfrrlnm is a dog, lcp is a dolphin, so weehfrrlnm is more likely to guard your house than lcp
ggt is a dog, cdsvrqds is a dolphin, so cdsvrqds is less likely to guard your house than ggt
ukg is a dog, nofn is a dolphin, so nofn is less likely to guard your house than ukg
pislwbvkxj is a dog, jiuqujfj is a dolphin, so jiuqujfj is less likely to guard your house than pislwbvkxj
anzkqkvzrpew is a dog, vxjez is a dolphin, so vxjez is less likely to guard your house than anzkqkvzrpew
cdflxpjq is a dog, kzfmeemb is a dolphin, so kzfmeemb is less likely to guard your house than cdflxpjq
hjpbdwn is a dog, plaxxye is a dolphin, so hjpbdwn is not less likely to guard your house than plaxxye
pwynzyp is a dog, jytrxbapuz is a dolphin, so pwynzyp is not less likely to guard your house than jytrxbapuz
agphsbhygz is a dog, soopy is a dolphin, so agphsbhygz is not less likely to guard your house than soopy
div is a dog, xkyorzoauaxo is a dolphin, so div is not less likely to guard your house than xkyorzoauaxo
otqprpxytr is a dog, nkfnykf is a dolphin, so otqprpxytr is not less likely to guard your house than nkfnykf
pmmkfxcgu is a dog, nqpatsxw is a dolphin, so nqpatsxw is not more likely to guard your house than pmmkfxcgu
vyvty is a dog, oiizsyirp is a dolphin, so oiizsyirp is not more likely to guard your house than vyvty
ucqkzb is a dog, nbwspxpm is a dolphin, so nbwspxpm is not more likely to guard your house than ucqkzb
iazts is a dog, cgyqrqcigln is a dolphin, so cgyqrqcigln is not more likely to guard your house than iazts
cfmxkenbn is a dog, dvsdtropv is a dolphin, so dvsdtropv is not more likely to guard your house than cfmxkenbn
zhki is a monkey, hjrah is a ant, so zhki is more likely to be in the rain forest than hjrah
pnvasvlm is a monkey, gagrmmntcp is a ant, so pnvasvlm is more likely to be in the rain forest than gagrmmntcp
hvplkaoow is a monkey, xilbe is a ant, so hvplkaoow is more likely to be in the rain forest than xilbe
hdkfwrktclcj is a monkey, yzclv is a ant, so hdkfwrktclcj is more likely to be in the rain forest than yzclv
cmyhaxmpsgy is a monkey, mdxisirmif is a ant, so cmyhaxmpsgy is more likely to be in the rain forest than mdxisirmif
jzn is a monkey, furuxgzdmo is an ant, so furuxgzdmo is less likely to be in the rain forest than jzn
wublh is a monkey, bijiebudg is an ant, so bijiebudg is less likely to be in the rain forest than wublh
xbnlnqz is a monkey, oyqv is an ant, so oyqv is less likely to be in the rain forest than xbnlnqz
jqomopeyl is a monkey, cvrfnqcfcva is an ant, so cvrfnqcfcva is less likely to be in the rain forest than jqomopeyl
dbfrduhqepgq is a monkey, uvckg is an ant, so uvckg is less likely to be in the rain forest than dbfrduhqepgq
elnbej is a monkey, hitgkb is an ant, so elnbej is not more likely to be in the rain forest than hitgkb
svwzsxtwg is a monkey, ecu is an ant, so svwzsxtwg is not more likely to be in the rain forest than ecu
enkdc is a monkey, pafe is an ant, so enkdc is not more likely to be in the rain forest than pafe
pgenlsjd is a monkey, mmedosrjd is an ant, so pgenlsjd is not more likely to be in the rain forest than mmedosrjd
jsxuo is a monkey, nav is an ant, so jsxuo is not more likely to be in the rain forest than nav
ujdfxohfjy is a monkey, esldmevqyddq is an ant, so esldmevqyddq is not more likely to be in the rain forest than ujdfxohfjy
gnqt is a monkey, yszipsxji is an ant, so yszipsxji is not more likely to be in the rain forest than gnqt
uvulceeefwww is a monkey, itbru is an ant, so itbru is not more likely to be in the rain forest than uvulceeefwww
fvvcfijdcx is a monkey, orett is an ant, so orett is not more likely to be in the rain forest than fvvcfijdcx
lfmi is a monkey, smdsgt is an ant, so smdsgt is not more likely to be in the rain forest than lfmi
qzlijtf is a kangaroo, vbmiept is a seal, so qzlijtf is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than vbmiept
aze is a kangaroo, uyezbl is a seal, so aze is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than uyezbl
npuvqvbwnfis is a kangaroo, fuuhonm is a seal, so npuvqvbwnfis is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than fuuhonm
mhsutktewyi is a kangaroo, pywjk is a seal, so mhsutktewyi is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than pywjk
xpaqofrurgdh is a kangaroo, azbkernm is a seal, so xpaqofrurgdh is more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than azbkernm
ekkqrxqh is a kangaroo, dyn is a seal, so dyn is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ekkqrxqh
dmqlldej is a kangaroo, cqhyckecjjk is a seal, so cqhyckecjjk is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than dmqlldej
harncokbuil is a kangaroo, djquuzoomrjf is a seal, so djquuzoomrjf is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than harncokbuil
enuts is a kangaroo, tmjkkjl is a seal, so tmjkkjl is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than enuts
zizqsmkgeel is a kangaroo, xtbglea is a seal, so xtbglea is less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than zizqsmkgeel
kfprinhxkz is a kangaroo, xssx is a seal, so kfprinhxkz is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than xssx
ztx is a kangaroo, ikxgnq is a seal, so ztx is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ikxgnq
harcogn is a kangaroo, ekuzeazl is a seal, so harcogn is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ekuzeazl
qxhplceim is a kangaroo, dkmqgpwopud is a seal, so qxhplceim is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than dkmqgpwopud
iazhbvmoxqj is a kangaroo, ysvepzqjzanm is a seal, so iazhbvmoxqj is not less likely to carry its baby in its pouch than ysvepzqjzanm
evavvmyve is a kangaroo, sfkaiinz is a seal, so sfkaiinz is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than evavvmyve
kjynaetisf is a kangaroo, tnnoewsnyis is a seal, so tnnoewsnyis is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than kjynaetisf
nuv is a kangaroo, ncchndudr is a seal, so ncchndudr is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than nuv
vskg is a kangaroo, xfvligrnxhyr is a seal, so xfvligrnxhyr is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than vskg
lkrcqqzn is a kangaroo, kijyttcfdcrv is a seal, so kijyttcfdcrv is not more likely to carry its baby in its pouch than lkrcqqzn
lgrqcve is a chicken, lmcvpohdz is a dog, so lgrqcve is more likely to be stirfried in butter than lmcvpohdz
ems is a chicken, fbbqhhzei is a dog, so ems is more likely to be stirfried in butter than fbbqhhzei
jfikko is a chicken, yyu is a dog, so jfikko is more likely to be stirfried in butter than yyu
yaqqtvqujr is a chicken, sgggwsrngrzm is a dog, so yaqqtvqujr is more likely to be stirfried in butter than sgggwsrngrzm
vsrxve is a chicken, odtwjl is a dog, so vsrxve is more likely to be stirfried in butter than odtwjl
wpqrsxnhgis is a chicken, dvj is a dog, so dvj is less likely to be stirfried in butter than wpqrsxnhgis
czookderzxh is a chicken, mom is a dog, so mom is less likely to be stirfried in butter than czookderzxh
wlj is a chicken, accmdvwzu is a dog, so accmdvwzu is less likely to be stirfried in butter than wlj
zslnfpwnjomi is a chicken, uorisj is a dog, so uorisj is less likely to be stirfried in butter than zslnfpwnjomi
puvvdhrnb is a chicken, wbkaqqiivtj is a dog, so wbkaqqiivtj is less likely to be stirfried in butter than puvvdhrnb
enexcywaat is a chicken, ovx is a dog, so enexcywaat is not less likely to be stirfried in butter than ovx
blk is a chicken, cwxup is a dog, so blk is not less likely to be stirfried in butter than cwxup
blhkd is a chicken, pebjs is a dog, so blhkd is not less likely to be stirfried in butter than pebjs
goexusqwcq is a chicken, bcw is a dog, so goexusqwcq is not less likely to be stirfried in butter than bcw
vsrelmjlrvuf is a chicken, xrkzeutzquez is a dog, so vsrelmjlrvuf is not less likely to be stirfried in butter than xrkzeutzquez
gtinrzjt is a chicken, atcgolwqhj is a dog, so atcgolwqhj is not more likely to be stirfried in butter than gtinrzjt
mcbda is a chicken, jomfgnbag is a dog, so jomfgnbag is not more likely to be stirfried in butter than mcbda
zilxxpjfht is a chicken, hdkibemkn is a dog, so hdkibemkn is not more likely to be stirfried in butter than zilxxpjfht
pshqmyeazr is a chicken, jhhz is a dog, so jhhz is not more likely to be stirfried in butter than pshqmyeazr
vyqpmpsipow is a chicken, ogquhrwlcoys is a dog, so ogquhrwlcoys is not more likely to be stirfried in butter than vyqpmpsipow
nrry is a chicken, klam is a shark, so nrry is more likely to be a pet than klam
toqgdcj is a chicken, mqtmbpjnhho is a shark, so toqgdcj is more likely to be a pet than mqtmbpjnhho
zsrkr is a chicken, ddgsx is a shark, so zsrkr is more likely to be a pet than ddgsx
fpshjmufyzpb is a chicken, ipqpqdx is a shark, so fpshjmufyzpb is more likely to be a pet than ipqpqdx
tgsluevosi is a chicken, kuqmoy is a shark, so tgsluevosi is more likely to be a pet than kuqmoy
qgajvrq is a chicken, eaomdoxycdmm is a shark, so eaomdoxycdmm is less likely to be a pet than qgajvrq
wrddrqzs is a chicken, rmvjklfr is a shark, so rmvjklfr is less likely to be a pet than wrddrqzs
hym is a chicken, aevcoqxtl is a shark, so aevcoqxtl is less likely to be a pet than hym
oncsguijk is a chicken, qjqlm is a shark, so qjqlm is less likely to be a pet than oncsguijk
oalgzjzojmxa is a chicken, eygjm is a shark, so eygjm is less likely to be a pet than oalgzjzojmxa
cjrihwqwoag is a chicken, fossd is a shark, so cjrihwqwoag is not less likely to be a pet than fossd
eqkpza is a chicken, eca is a shark, so eqkpza is not less likely to be a pet than eca
gmmx is a chicken, zvkbvvy is a shark, so gmmx is not less likely to be a pet than zvkbvvy
ynaribpdyoww is a chicken, mhdqqlbaq is a shark, so ynaribpdyoww is not less likely to be a pet than mhdqqlbaq
jxzi is a chicken, xqt is a shark, so jxzi is not less likely to be a pet than xqt
jptvocyg is a chicken, miubn is a shark, so miubn is not more likely to be a pet than jptvocyg
ghk is a chicken, wdanu is a shark, so wdanu is not more likely to be a pet than ghk
aeffqujplb is a chicken, xhtyxugveyey is a shark, so xhtyxugveyey is not more likely to be a pet than aeffqujplb
kgyfuza is a chicken, ofvzgtszvq is a shark, so ofvzgtszvq is not more likely to be a pet than kgyfuza
vhyqgx is a chicken, szdzxrjv is a shark, so szdzxrjv is not more likely to be a pet than vhyqgx
ierw is a rat, msuwuizo is a cheetah, so ierw is more likely to press a lever than msuwuizo
vfmdia is a rat, twgun is a cheetah, so vfmdia is more likely to press a lever than twgun
juugv is a rat, dmjlswlhy is a cheetah, so juugv is more likely to press a lever than dmjlswlhy
zyxg is a rat, whxa is a cheetah, so zyxg is more likely to press a lever than whxa
oglpruwuezkd is a rat, jrotzqbib is a cheetah, so oglpruwuezkd is more likely to press a lever than jrotzqbib
gdnuasxnks is a rat, nguzhe is a cheetah, so nguzhe is less likely to press a lever than gdnuasxnks
wcoolhdho is a rat, vkkuhrfz is a cheetah, so vkkuhrfz is less likely to press a lever than wcoolhdho
brzq is a rat, ertm is a cheetah, so ertm is less likely to press a lever than brzq
ssfstmopqg is a rat, inwwno is a cheetah, so inwwno is less likely to press a lever than ssfstmopqg
burlspdvmo is a rat, acweoqgaz is a cheetah, so acweoqgaz is less likely to press a lever than burlspdvmo
tjslqryllw is a rat, yxcw is a cheetah, so tjslqryllw is not less likely to press a lever than yxcw
avf is a rat, berpajzad is a cheetah, so avf is not less likely to press a lever than berpajzad
itdbm is a rat, frttcd is a cheetah, so itdbm is not less likely to press a lever than frttcd
fniqfuizho is a rat, gbuelpdij is a cheetah, so fniqfuizho is not less likely to press a lever than gbuelpdij
xctgmkx is a rat, sigojgmkxkhs is a cheetah, so xctgmkx is not less likely to press a lever than sigojgmkxkhs
ibcd is a rat, bsxhlyilwy is a cheetah, so bsxhlyilwy is not more likely to press a lever than ibcd
ujr is a rat, bhmdqrafi is a cheetah, so bhmdqrafi is not more likely to press a lever than ujr
ndbymgakx is a rat, rfyxnowjo is a cheetah, so rfyxnowjo is not more likely to press a lever than ndbymgakx
iujjtxejco is a rat, qawgnobzxv is a cheetah, so qawgnobzxv is not more likely to press a lever than iujjtxejco
ywc is a rat, veuywgr is a cheetah, so veuywgr is not more likely to press a lever than ywc
zzuul is a dog, hcgoqvuvmih is a snail, so zzuul is more likely to be on a leash than hcgoqvuvmih
dtptmdpjyi is a dog, noieqxe is a snail, so dtptmdpjyi is more likely to be on a leash than noieqxe
iuay is a dog, khaxid is a snail, so iuay is more likely to be on a leash than khaxid
ykceyv is a dog, olcdnbphlwm is a snail, so ykceyv is more likely to be on a leash than olcdnbphlwm
xunhidvgrc is a dog, ppe is a snail, so xunhidvgrc is more likely to be on a leash than ppe
lgmknoazwchb is a dog, gjtsm is a snail, so gjtsm is less likely to be on a leash than lgmknoazwchb
srwxk is a dog, ggf is a snail, so ggf is less likely to be on a leash than srwxk
bjr is a dog, ynoymmsewhpr is a snail, so ynoymmsewhpr is less likely to be on a leash than bjr
lbnnpmgutwiq is a dog, tqkldkyyvcs is a snail, so tqkldkyyvcs is less likely to be on a leash than lbnnpmgutwiq
ierpbprhaus is a dog, rxzwwoui is a snail, so rxzwwoui is less likely to be on a leash than ierpbprhaus
saojrrvj is a dog, xdryg is a snail, so saojrrvj is not less likely to be on a leash than xdryg
cyxopn is a dog, ijifuseecrt is a snail, so cyxopn is not less likely to be on a leash than ijifuseecrt
bpupsvpvytxz is a dog, ovr is a snail, so bpupsvpvytxz is not less likely to be on a leash than ovr
eqlw is a dog, vwkcc is a snail, so eqlw is not less likely to be on a leash than vwkcc
xfecrfjzwqbs is a dog, itsbcua is a snail, so xfecrfjzwqbs is not less likely to be on a leash than itsbcua
muunjkucapl is a dog, qalmvonqalgw is a snail, so qalmvonqalgw is not more likely to be on a leash than muunjkucapl
jmdmaloaag is a dog, uen is a snail, so uen is not more likely to be on a leash than jmdmaloaag
csvjqmzmyk is a dog, aynp is a snail, so aynp is not more likely to be on a leash than csvjqmzmyk
sfzeurxw is a dog, rmasfebcuh is a snail, so rmasfebcuh is not more likely to be on a leash than sfzeurxw
lxafca is a dog, eqoc is a snail, so eqoc is not more likely to be on a leash than lxafca
dlkgk is a spider, fubucxzyyp is a shark, so dlkgk is more likely to be in a web than fubucxzyyp
rwe is a spider, zxuamnbmum is a shark, so rwe is more likely to be in a web than zxuamnbmum
hxphx is a spider, jpptvyw is a shark, so hxphx is more likely to be in a web than jpptvyw
pojiwq is a spider, fuofa is a shark, so pojiwq is more likely to be in a web than fuofa
pjhaute is a spider, qjchzvp is a shark, so pjhaute is more likely to be in a web than qjchzvp
bigjcbqkp is a spider, tggp is a shark, so tggp is less likely to be in a web than bigjcbqkp
nhy is a spider, zrdgwwqbcn is a shark, so zrdgwwqbcn is less likely to be in a web than nhy
udmdl is a spider, rsxgvqorzadm is a shark, so rsxgvqorzadm is less likely to be in a web than udmdl
tec is a spider, qyn is a shark, so qyn is less likely to be in a web than tec
lqwtscvzpkmo is a spider, ysh is a shark, so ysh is less likely to be in a web than lqwtscvzpkmo
oruui is a spider, delr is a shark, so oruui is not less likely to be in a web than delr
ztplluqgjs is a spider, eghlqlcwlc is a shark, so ztplluqgjs is not less likely to be in a web than eghlqlcwlc
sru is a spider, jqear is a shark, so sru is not less likely to be in a web than jqear
sexnfvfv is a spider, qkqseh is a shark, so sexnfvfv is not less likely to be in a web than qkqseh
fpcxi is a spider, ajwlqgmnngd is a shark, so fpcxi is not less likely to be in a web than ajwlqgmnngd
xnmmfx is a spider, xvetv is a shark, so xvetv is not more likely to be in a web than xnmmfx
mxbuzzclql is a spider, qnrldfjw is a shark, so qnrldfjw is not more likely to be in a web than mxbuzzclql
leuynjojesyb is a spider, qqypubii is a shark, so qqypubii is not more likely to be in a web than leuynjojesyb
aljrbbqvu is a spider, slhut is a shark, so slhut is not more likely to be in a web than aljrbbqvu
oyxx is a spider, fibjqq is a shark, so fibjqq is not more likely to be in a web than oyxx
lvr is a bird, fwd is a chicken, so lvr is more likely to be in the forest than fwd
jhyzmvytkfy is a bird, ijep is a chicken, so jhyzmvytkfy is more likely to be in the forest than ijep
tratjypyqw is a bird, uhkpog is a chicken, so tratjypyqw is more likely to be in the forest than uhkpog
vfjidmdf is a bird, jxthpxyxn is a chicken, so vfjidmdf is more likely to be in the forest than jxthpxyxn
ydoguvgf is a bird, sbsehvfuxdfx is a chicken, so ydoguvgf is more likely to be in the forest than sbsehvfuxdfx
xoblvap is a bird, hhan is a chicken, so hhan is less likely to be in the forest than xoblvap
xpccpfjufwkh is a bird, pcibanrslwcm is a chicken, so pcibanrslwcm is less likely to be in the forest than xpccpfjufwkh
amzggldca is a bird, rtegjt is a chicken, so rtegjt is less likely to be in the forest than amzggldca
akbw is a bird, gfskszr is a chicken, so gfskszr is less likely to be in the forest than akbw
pownoqwii is a bird, cqoxqqwgj is a chicken, so cqoxqqwgj is less likely to be in the forest than pownoqwii
wok is a bird, mrqhytwrxrc is a chicken, so wok is not less likely to be in the forest than mrqhytwrxrc
xhhjkpmrv is a bird, mrrggbytzezy is a chicken, so xhhjkpmrv is not less likely to be in the forest than mrrggbytzezy
ndxpfxmsa is a bird, bshzpm is a chicken, so ndxpfxmsa is not less likely to be in the forest than bshzpm
plrriscsrhz is a bird, pcfyrusrd is a chicken, so plrriscsrhz is not less likely to be in the forest than pcfyrusrd
opjryub is a bird, scfyyn is a chicken, so opjryub is not less likely to be in the forest than scfyyn
anarzloe is a bird, satmpox is a chicken, so satmpox is not more likely to be in the forest than anarzloe
crbkaei is a bird, djhjqmbfgovi is a chicken, so djhjqmbfgovi is not more likely to be in the forest than crbkaei
mlorjfi is a bird, mkhlae is a chicken, so mkhlae is not more likely to be in the forest than mlorjfi
fohrowig is a bird, sqx is a chicken, so sqx is not more likely to be in the forest than fohrowig
kfcgpclulcvy is a bird, lyomd is a chicken, so lyomd is not more likely to be in the forest than kfcgpclulcvy
fzd is a horse, esoay is a alligator, so fzd is more likely to be in a farmyard than esoay
exj is a horse, otu is a alligator, so exj is more likely to be in a farmyard than otu
ymyjtqewfk is a horse, wdymdjg is a alligator, so ymyjtqewfk is more likely to be in a farmyard than wdymdjg
yzket is a horse, etmdbyi is a alligator, so yzket is more likely to be in a farmyard than etmdbyi
deqx is a horse, iuzo is a alligator, so deqx is more likely to be in a farmyard than iuzo
bxeuneout is a horse, mwkoxiurzjz is a alligator, so mwkoxiurzjz is less likely to be in a farmyard than bxeuneout
ydtko is a horse, agym is a alligator, so agym is less likely to be in a farmyard than ydtko
eguadfotyho is a horse, cpvcjjwjmrv is a alligator, so cpvcjjwjmrv is less likely to be in a farmyard than eguadfotyho
mpmjkq is a horse, dnthqdwm is a alligator, so dnthqdwm is less likely to be in a farmyard than mpmjkq
ijlsftftkh is a horse, bgzzfpxel is a alligator, so bgzzfpxel is less likely to be in a farmyard than ijlsftftkh
nemexx is a horse, bammem is a alligator, so nemexx is not less likely to be in a farmyard than bammem
scinpezd is a horse, qvtl is a alligator, so scinpezd is not less likely to be in a farmyard than qvtl
xfyvbfos is a horse, zkvm is a alligator, so xfyvbfos is not less likely to be in a farmyard than zkvm
bem is a horse, mnvwruds is a alligator, so bem is not less likely to be in a farmyard than mnvwruds
ehzy is a horse, qbde is a alligator, so ehzy is not less likely to be in a farmyard than qbde
thndlphmot is a horse, eqtzmlm is a alligator, so eqtzmlm is not more likely to be in a farmyard than thndlphmot
efw is a horse, gerfnwxlk is a alligator, so gerfnwxlk is not more likely to be in a farmyard than efw
izm is a horse, fgpvoury is a alligator, so fgpvoury is not more likely to be in a farmyard than izm
vlfrislpd is a horse, xjcockjtjig is a alligator, so xjcockjtjig is not more likely to be in a farmyard than vlfrislpd
nsrhloeux is a horse, pkbpvfhywwsv is a alligator, so pkbpvfhywwsv is not more likely to be in a farmyard than nsrhloeux
aqhkv is a bear, ysaqztbl is a spider, so aqhkv is more likely to fish for salmon than ysaqztbl
firoqpnk is a bear, esxoctnbnnd is a spider, so firoqpnk is more likely to fish for salmon than esxoctnbnnd
ykreihwxjsl is a bear, nndx is a spider, so ykreihwxjsl is more likely to fish for salmon than nndx
sjgtssiqho is a bear, icdta is a spider, so sjgtssiqho is more likely to fish for salmon than icdta
bvyu is a bear, mqb is a spider, so bvyu is more likely to fish for salmon than mqb
ccfv is a bear, mnp is a spider, so mnp is less likely to fish for salmon than ccfv
aeucibvzcrys is a bear, iekwttb is a spider, so iekwttb is less likely to fish for salmon than aeucibvzcrys
bmckrsbow is a bear, xezdpii is a spider, so xezdpii is less likely to fish for salmon than bmckrsbow
lroz is a bear, cgoyv is a spider, so cgoyv is less likely to fish for salmon than lroz
nafregjkwl is a bear, bqwvxatt is a spider, so bqwvxatt is less likely to fish for salmon than nafregjkwl
gfetyhdazs is a bear, kwphujnx is a spider, so gfetyhdazs is not less likely to fish for salmon than kwphujnx
xmudbtkm is a bear, jvvgqngscnv is a spider, so xmudbtkm is not less likely to fish for salmon than jvvgqngscnv
kfbov is a bear, owazjvb is a spider, so kfbov is not less likely to fish for salmon than owazjvb
paglfuq is a bear, cfyv is a spider, so paglfuq is not less likely to fish for salmon than cfyv
qxskdozn is a bear, jgphxxlounwr is a spider, so qxskdozn is not less likely to fish for salmon than jgphxxlounwr
ioy is a bear, iyhs is a spider, so iyhs is not more likely to fish for salmon than ioy
tianivoo is a bear, touux is a spider, so touux is not more likely to fish for salmon than tianivoo
clolaqn is a bear, rwbsvkycxdxn is a spider, so rwbsvkycxdxn is not more likely to fish for salmon than clolaqn
ohftwkrmmk is a bear, noecc is a spider, so noecc is not more likely to fish for salmon than ohftwkrmmk
mkpqmublzht is a bear, nukvw is a spider, so nukvw is not more likely to fish for salmon than mkpqmublzht
zkxlbabv is a horse, lsztglhkc is a frog, so zkxlbabv is more likely to be in a parade than lsztglhkc
iniakcoscbah is a horse, qrrwykowt is a frog, so iniakcoscbah is more likely to be in a parade than qrrwykowt
uhwgjspy is a horse, vxwcrosfgn is a frog, so uhwgjspy is more likely to be in a parade than vxwcrosfgn
vbrqgnqfabno is a horse, tdsddkwun is a frog, so vbrqgnqfabno is more likely to be in a parade than tdsddkwun
ivds is a horse, jrbhoj is a frog, so ivds is more likely to be in a parade than jrbhoj
spindu is a horse, gynuymgy is a frog, so gynuymgy is less likely to be in a parade than spindu
qziyz is a horse, oqmhjz is a frog, so oqmhjz is less likely to be in a parade than qziyz
ewnrjrsdgca is a horse, vvptexcpfej is a frog, so vvptexcpfej is less likely to be in a parade than ewnrjrsdgca
xmkcbbvffxu is a horse, ncs is a frog, so ncs is less likely to be in a parade than xmkcbbvffxu
msbb is a horse, ookfyzogsoay is a frog, so ookfyzogsoay is less likely to be in a parade than msbb
djpusls is a horse, utauepuexgln is a frog, so djpusls is not less likely to be in a parade than utauepuexgln
dndndhrfrb is a horse, qruqguhzhupp is a frog, so dndndhrfrb is not less likely to be in a parade than qruqguhzhupp
pyvoka is a horse, wpeladxvjo is a frog, so pyvoka is not less likely to be in a parade than wpeladxvjo
swyqhypfcw is a horse, ifgteyhgvtd is a frog, so swyqhypfcw is not less likely to be in a parade than ifgteyhgvtd
xpqz is a horse, vrbjotihqvpr is a frog, so xpqz is not less likely to be in a parade than vrbjotihqvpr
opummge is a horse, fdcdofe is a frog, so fdcdofe is not more likely to be in a parade than opummge
fffqxgp is a horse, hxmvjufelhlp is a frog, so hxmvjufelhlp is not more likely to be in a parade than fffqxgp
jwhd is a horse, svnrbjbd is a frog, so svnrbjbd is not more likely to be in a parade than jwhd
kixp is a horse, jhurj is a frog, so jhurj is not more likely to be in a parade than kixp
pjruajuq is a horse, icsxvlcv is a frog, so icsxvlcv is not more likely to be in a parade than pjruajuq
soh is a sheep, beoluutxqhr is a fox, so soh is more likely to graze than beoluutxqhr
hxxfvtxfbirx is a sheep, xjqanuhasfv is a fox, so hxxfvtxfbirx is more likely to graze than xjqanuhasfv
jvjdrt is a sheep, lzkq is a fox, so jvjdrt is more likely to graze than lzkq
oyiiakz is a sheep, cypa is a fox, so oyiiakz is more likely to graze than cypa
zohexmkdgvjz is a sheep, trgqm is a fox, so zohexmkdgvjz is more likely to graze than trgqm
pibyhyfufxl is a sheep, ilf is a fox, so ilf is less likely to graze than pibyhyfufxl
hpjg is a sheep, lysszd is a fox, so lysszd is less likely to graze than hpjg
aojbllewkioe is a sheep, pvnkrkoezpnz is a fox, so pvnkrkoezpnz is less likely to graze than aojbllewkioe
finxpilzut is a sheep, jbyvtqnhrobt is a fox, so jbyvtqnhrobt is less likely to graze than finxpilzut
kiirnypjajvo is a sheep, mrnzxcb is a fox, so mrnzxcb is less likely to graze than kiirnypjajvo
xuuchu is a sheep, dfdyd is a fox, so xuuchu is not less likely to graze than dfdyd
hzdklbfmv is a sheep, tealtgwyak is a fox, so hzdklbfmv is not less likely to graze than tealtgwyak
gvbhvuvh is a sheep, cve is a fox, so gvbhvuvh is not less likely to graze than cve
zzaijlvlhb is a sheep, opelyzcrj is a fox, so zzaijlvlhb is not less likely to graze than opelyzcrj
ztc is a sheep, ioasmp is a fox, so ztc is not less likely to graze than ioasmp
cztub is a sheep, jhyu is a fox, so jhyu is not more likely to graze than cztub
ohhgsqr is a sheep, sezd is a fox, so sezd is not more likely to graze than ohhgsqr
kod is a sheep, fckxvporosk is a fox, so fckxvporosk is not more likely to graze than kod
ybv is a sheep, wctcczaiqdld is a fox, so wctcczaiqdld is not more likely to graze than ybv
cjdpqhcmpom is a sheep, eihkid is a fox, so eihkid is not more likely to graze than cjdpqhcmpom
xwhvzm is a pig, krmukbnuqsw is a bear, so xwhvzm is more likely to be in a pigsty than krmukbnuqsw
yquvgkxho is a pig, mdcdp is a bear, so yquvgkxho is more likely to be in a pigsty than mdcdp
fxgmtibhy is a pig, uqulyrqjh is a bear, so fxgmtibhy is more likely to be in a pigsty than uqulyrqjh
mtunalxfkrdn is a pig, oxz is a bear, so mtunalxfkrdn is more likely to be in a pigsty than oxz
qyqibsqp is a pig, otguwmcpboj is a bear, so qyqibsqp is more likely to be in a pigsty than otguwmcpboj
rsfhwuanjda is a pig, ppptcjcsu is a bear, so ppptcjcsu is less likely to be in a pigsty than rsfhwuanjda
psurpivni is a pig, ntxaohqk is a bear, so ntxaohqk is less likely to be in a pigsty than psurpivni
qkavglkv is a pig, nwpz is a bear, so nwpz is less likely to be in a pigsty than qkavglkv
ebhd is a pig, jwluyneq is a bear, so jwluyneq is less likely to be in a pigsty than ebhd
rsjzsufl is a pig, tdahkiu is a bear, so tdahkiu is less likely to be in a pigsty than rsjzsufl
xkgiumlwneug is a pig, kqwiwxm is a bear, so xkgiumlwneug is not less likely to be in a pigsty than kqwiwxm
acwzgffgiq is a pig, qjfoxykfu is a bear, so acwzgffgiq is not less likely to be in a pigsty than qjfoxykfu
zgqc is a pig, vmgoxawxfo is a bear, so zgqc is not less likely to be in a pigsty than vmgoxawxfo
ssywenl is a pig, qaujycfebtl is a bear, so ssywenl is not less likely to be in a pigsty than qaujycfebtl
tgcsiypvh is a pig, vsx is a bear, so tgcsiypvh is not less likely to be in a pigsty than vsx
krek is a pig, srohfcj is a bear, so srohfcj is not more likely to be in a pigsty than krek
onxjkvnxht is a pig, wzaiblb is a bear, so wzaiblb is not more likely to be in a pigsty than onxjkvnxht
qlgxwom is a pig, qkhqtywtapnh is a bear, so qkhqtywtapnh is not more likely to be in a pigsty than qlgxwom
lohk is a pig, ewlqpzzpdwj is a bear, so ewlqpzzpdwj is not more likely to be in a pigsty than lohk
iuthjtl is a pig, kilbb is a bear, so kilbb is not more likely to be in a pigsty than iuthjtl
czqknf is a giraffe, ppowctwyjxk is a sheep, so czqknf is less likely to be in a drawer than ppowctwyjxk
kaqvx is a giraffe, zyhvlp is a sheep, so kaqvx is less likely to be in a drawer than zyhvlp
qpjbc is a giraffe, bhanqz is a sheep, so qpjbc is less likely to be in a drawer than bhanqz
zbqy is a giraffe, ydj is a sheep, so zbqy is less likely to be in a drawer than ydj
tcuvdpzlz is a giraffe, qggypxlsjyel is a sheep, so tcuvdpzlz is less likely to be in a drawer than qggypxlsjyel
kzcgenjf is a giraffe, mkcunhqkzcb is a sheep, so mkcunhqkzcb is less likely to be in a drawer than kzcgenjf
bweptrquio is a giraffe, vvc is a sheep, so vvc is less likely to be in a drawer than bweptrquio
cszrrhltkarz is a giraffe, hjpmsqdmflv is a sheep, so hjpmsqdmflv is less likely to be in a drawer than cszrrhltkarz
fjqhxepnotp is a giraffe, vpxm is a sheep, so vpxm is less likely to be in a drawer than fjqhxepnotp
buiocuyucyd is a giraffe, vky is a sheep, so vky is less likely to be in a drawer than buiocuyucyd
iwlwhm is a giraffe, auirge is a sheep, so iwlwhm is not more likely to be in a drawer than auirge
wefpuyvzmxky is a giraffe, pesswhhguc is a sheep, so wefpuyvzmxky is not more likely to be in a drawer than pesswhhguc
xghlselgmqu is a giraffe, gyzvnyfxwja is a sheep, so xghlselgmqu is not more likely to be in a drawer than gyzvnyfxwja
wfhiyy is a giraffe, znncu is a sheep, so wfhiyy is not more likely to be in a drawer than znncu
ipiop is a giraffe, gkwgxpnjoq is a sheep, so ipiop is not more likely to be in a drawer than gkwgxpnjoq
zloj is a giraffe, hsiulvfb is a sheep, so hsiulvfb is not more likely to be in a drawer than zloj
wqpdw is a giraffe, baekga is a sheep, so baekga is not more likely to be in a drawer than wqpdw
ckkgnvho is a giraffe, bprpmhlj is a sheep, so bprpmhlj is not more likely to be in a drawer than ckkgnvho
pzuzcojk is a giraffe, ugamryxb is a sheep, so ugamryxb is not more likely to be in a drawer than pzuzcojk
zrotk is a giraffe, husmeoedojwr is a sheep, so husmeoedojwr is not more likely to be in a drawer than zrotk
cphnyi is a bear, kputjizuxtq is a horse, so cphnyi is more likely to fish with his bare paws than kputjizuxtq
dfm is a bear, aoowecex is a horse, so dfm is more likely to fish with his bare paws than aoowecex
rqbwgmyuj is a bear, yqn is a horse, so rqbwgmyuj is more likely to fish with his bare paws than yqn
rgfpdgnzhdz is a bear, ydk is a horse, so rgfpdgnzhdz is more likely to fish with his bare paws than ydk
eqijysguopx is a bear, kjtwulzgduge is a horse, so eqijysguopx is more likely to fish with his bare paws than kjtwulzgduge
rkxfk is a bear, mlijakebdbq is a horse, so mlijakebdbq is less likely to fish with his bare paws than rkxfk
zwmy is a bear, pfvsntq is a horse, so pfvsntq is less likely to fish with his bare paws than zwmy
yguklkoqieke is a bear, tsdljycy is a horse, so tsdljycy is less likely to fish with his bare paws than yguklkoqieke
edz is a bear, pzcsdmu is a horse, so pzcsdmu is less likely to fish with his bare paws than edz
rfx is a bear, ksumylm is a horse, so ksumylm is less likely to fish with his bare paws than rfx
toaszbjvduj is a bear, oxlzjc is a horse, so toaszbjvduj is not less likely to fish with his bare paws than oxlzjc
dkqtayc is a bear, kmrkr is a horse, so dkqtayc is not less likely to fish with his bare paws than kmrkr
iynpekcdbui is a bear, gfdybqcnaspb is a horse, so iynpekcdbui is not less likely to fish with his bare paws than gfdybqcnaspb
wcjdgufd is a bear, otgaoeomuwmj is a horse, so wcjdgufd is not less likely to fish with his bare paws than otgaoeomuwmj
hdtyb is a bear, raro is a horse, so hdtyb is not less likely to fish with his bare paws than raro
hgo is a bear, nqklijpfo is a horse, so nqklijpfo is not more likely to fish with his bare paws than hgo
ngqhx is a bear, bbpxbrpiphh is a horse, so bbpxbrpiphh is not more likely to fish with his bare paws than ngqhx
pbbxtnz is a bear, duqh is a horse, so duqh is not more likely to fish with his bare paws than pbbxtnz
zsc is a bear, dccntvyw is a horse, so dccntvyw is not more likely to fish with his bare paws than zsc
kcjkgvmsrx is a bear, cfbfeznn is a horse, so cfbfeznn is not more likely to fish with his bare paws than kcjkgvmsrx
kfcrycthd is a dog, vtzjk is a fox, so kfcrycthd is more likely to guide a blind person than vtzjk
zrqcf is a dog, chtzj is a fox, so zrqcf is more likely to guide a blind person than chtzj
iwhg is a dog, laoulgiso is a fox, so iwhg is more likely to guide a blind person than laoulgiso
wdtjbgr is a dog, rjjooyavzgm is a fox, so wdtjbgr is more likely to guide a blind person than rjjooyavzgm
zmukp is a dog, nikzcvnbha is a fox, so zmukp is more likely to guide a blind person than nikzcvnbha
nvbyhcxjnck is a dog, hoshwq is a fox, so hoshwq is less likely to guide a blind person than nvbyhcxjnck
ppjyxdec is a dog, tttfevuqa is a fox, so tttfevuqa is less likely to guide a blind person than ppjyxdec
qiokynj is a dog, equq is a fox, so equq is less likely to guide a blind person than qiokynj
plpilz is a dog, ewvymikg is a fox, so ewvymikg is less likely to guide a blind person than plpilz
tdua is a dog, exvybve is a fox, so exvybve is less likely to guide a blind person than tdua
aolzy is a dog, fnkauf is a fox, so aolzy is not less likely to guide a blind person than fnkauf
mvreeiebh is a dog, dlgo is a fox, so mvreeiebh is not less likely to guide a blind person than dlgo
lgthdkeakpa is a dog, uwcj is a fox, so lgthdkeakpa is not less likely to guide a blind person than uwcj
vazlebggwmk is a dog, guenl is a fox, so vazlebggwmk is not less likely to guide a blind person than guenl
quchjuqfohk is a dog, qnfbvmp is a fox, so quchjuqfohk is not less likely to guide a blind person than qnfbvmp
feznchfc is a dog, uhnzogld is a fox, so uhnzogld is not more likely to guide a blind person than feznchfc
oztiou is a dog, oroqna is a fox, so oroqna is not more likely to guide a blind person than oztiou
uddqrfy is a dog, eyds is a fox, so eyds is not more likely to guide a blind person than uddqrfy
uffsfjz is a dog, mwcqjlvgkm is a fox, so mwcqjlvgkm is not more likely to guide a blind person than uffsfjz
cajyfhwdacjx is a dog, ujjusxlyb is a fox, so ujjusxlyb is not more likely to guide a blind person than cajyfhwdacjx
tstk is a tiger, frf is a seal, so tstk is more likely to be in the zoo than frf
bztzrwbgf is a tiger, oooujz is a seal, so bztzrwbgf is more likely to be in the zoo than oooujz
cmrodpmt is a tiger, xvstlsnhq is a seal, so cmrodpmt is more likely to be in the zoo than xvstlsnhq
vikt is a tiger, obbxuawsxyuo is a seal, so vikt is more likely to be in the zoo than obbxuawsxyuo
lfwpoeqcpcxx is a tiger, pjqedozdzz is a seal, so lfwpoeqcpcxx is more likely to be in the zoo than pjqedozdzz
mjyyqy is a tiger, flfqkcsait is a seal, so flfqkcsait is less likely to be in the zoo than mjyyqy
rajdpcssp is a tiger, beekej is a seal, so beekej is less likely to be in the zoo than rajdpcssp
xhigq is a tiger, cfa is a seal, so cfa is less likely to be in the zoo than xhigq
ntnjvy is a tiger, yeqsg is a seal, so yeqsg is less likely to be in the zoo than ntnjvy
xrolzhnb is a tiger, dtrjutddhst is a seal, so dtrjutddhst is less likely to be in the zoo than xrolzhnb
cambrjy is a tiger, jhqsuecdrds is a seal, so cambrjy is not less likely to be in the zoo than jhqsuecdrds
cktbumdwe is a tiger, lyug is a seal, so cktbumdwe is not less likely to be in the zoo than lyug
hoqm is a tiger, gzpwmaqymoqy is a seal, so hoqm is not less likely to be in the zoo than gzpwmaqymoqy
oxm is a tiger, jwseoxhuci is a seal, so oxm is not less likely to be in the zoo than jwseoxhuci
psnj is a tiger, cxgdifknbzf is a seal, so psnj is not less likely to be in the zoo than cxgdifknbzf
evrkivk is a tiger, acyuexl is a seal, so acyuexl is not more likely to be in the zoo than evrkivk
utzhtuykof is a tiger, tlu is a seal, so tlu is not more likely to be in the zoo than utzhtuykof
jzmikjajafw is a tiger, aju is a seal, so aju is not more likely to be in the zoo than jzmikjajafw
vjvcezvq is a tiger, oizvaxhp is a seal, so oizvaxhp is not more likely to be in the zoo than vjvcezvq
jqkqldodetal is a tiger, emizd is a seal, so emizd is not more likely to be in the zoo than jqkqldodetal
rsvmgvtod is a lion, mqvlnkadwtpx is a rat, so rsvmgvtod is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than mqvlnkadwtpx
hjdlvtmrqhmf is a lion, xittzfp is a rat, so hjdlvtmrqhmf is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than xittzfp
avbpjjbpv is a lion, mfhfla is a rat, so avbpjjbpv is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than mfhfla
snjdlfaajrl is a lion, wpjpvm is a rat, so snjdlfaajrl is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than wpjpvm
gyykf is a lion, ojf is a rat, so gyykf is more likely to be in a large cities zoo than ojf
rqxthlpqodxa is a lion, dtvgpcw is a rat, so dtvgpcw is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than rqxthlpqodxa
jobjfrcj is a lion, bljxjfi is a rat, so bljxjfi is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than jobjfrcj
divozwvnysaw is a lion, zxgikao is a rat, so zxgikao is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than divozwvnysaw
ibmzu is a lion, nkrb is a rat, so nkrb is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than ibmzu
hptkjegr is a lion, znoeto is a rat, so znoeto is less likely to be in a large cities zoo than hptkjegr
luckgkjvxz is a lion, jzckry is a rat, so luckgkjvxz is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than jzckry
kwcg is a lion, psfve is a rat, so kwcg is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than psfve
wstk is a lion, cafr is a rat, so wstk is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than cafr
vjbhvjz is a lion, agpq is a rat, so vjbhvjz is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than agpq
ojxhae is a lion, dfpjwynb is a rat, so ojxhae is not less likely to be in a large cities zoo than dfpjwynb
jxt is a lion, bniusgiwzebj is a rat, so bniusgiwzebj is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than jxt
iiotvrnp is a lion, aycu is a rat, so aycu is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than iiotvrnp
vsw is a lion, cvxqvke is a rat, so cvxqvke is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than vsw
twys is a lion, aewdp is a rat, so aewdp is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than twys
dajmavvdadch is a lion, fqfuww is a rat, so fqfuww is not more likely to be in a large cities zoo than dajmavvdadch
xggi is a horse, kclhnvhjp is a hippopotamus, so xggi is more likely to step high than kclhnvhjp
vkbars is a horse, edbjeodbio is a hippopotamus, so vkbars is more likely to step high than edbjeodbio
qdfknyjgms is a horse, fkq is a hippopotamus, so qdfknyjgms is more likely to step high than fkq
rhij is a horse, zixyemiu is a hippopotamus, so rhij is more likely to step high than zixyemiu
tbwym is a horse, buuyoqrh is a hippopotamus, so tbwym is more likely to step high than buuyoqrh
ivpebmikuq is a horse, yejtxotelec is a hippopotamus, so yejtxotelec is less likely to step high than ivpebmikuq
foqpr is a horse, bawqv is a hippopotamus, so bawqv is less likely to step high than foqpr
jor is a horse, benyeiytfu is a hippopotamus, so benyeiytfu is less likely to step high than jor
nevntr is a horse, yhh is a hippopotamus, so yhh is less likely to step high than nevntr
myubzaeqe is a horse, ivet is a hippopotamus, so ivet is less likely to step high than myubzaeqe
gpnpqheklya is a horse, osbrzow is a hippopotamus, so gpnpqheklya is not less step high than osbrzow
qnifvhjmlbsy is a horse, agnmz is a hippopotamus, so qnifvhjmlbsy is not less step high than agnmz
bplvp is a horse, evrmjlgw is a hippopotamus, so bplvp is not less step high than evrmjlgw
mkjqa is a horse, ugahi is a hippopotamus, so mkjqa is not less step high than ugahi
dzrqmfes is a horse, uqywh is a hippopotamus, so dzrqmfes is not less step high than uqywh
bybfeopdghlv is a horse, hktxlagpb is a hippopotamus, so hktxlagpb is not more step high than bybfeopdghlv
fxcbwuwg is a horse, mcmaelmelx is a hippopotamus, so mcmaelmelx is not more step high than fxcbwuwg
sqi is a horse, lgciyhodu is a hippopotamus, so lgciyhodu is not more step high than sqi
rbteea is a horse, ngmqj is a hippopotamus, so ngmqj is not more step high than rbteea
thgbgoiup is a horse, kofno is a hippopotamus, so kofno is not more step high than thgbgoiup
elew is a bird, vhkql is a bear, so elew is more likely to chirp than vhkql
agigy is a bird, lfcsevjbtl is a bear, so agigy is more likely to chirp than lfcsevjbtl
lotmgufjsjws is a bird, ddkya is a bear, so lotmgufjsjws is more likely to chirp than ddkya
dxihsi is a bird, xzawcpjihbm is a bear, so dxihsi is more likely to chirp than xzawcpjihbm
ppovats is a bird, ummayzqc is a bear, so ppovats is more likely to chirp than ummayzqc
ndrsnupewmjy is a bird, ibbutckomt is a bear, so ibbutckomt is less likely to chirp than ndrsnupewmjy
gonjvqbbnn is a bird, fzcoixtfvsbf is a bear, so fzcoixtfvsbf is less likely to chirp than gonjvqbbnn
kkbmn is a bird, mgmmwwcbqt is a bear, so mgmmwwcbqt is less likely to chirp than kkbmn
bpbyowlwag is a bird, lpstnk is a bear, so lpstnk is less likely to chirp than bpbyowlwag
hzdfl is a bird, ynet is a bear, so ynet is less likely to chirp than hzdfl
suonsr is a bird, msyqbojwnufx is a bear, so suonsr is not less likely to chirp than msyqbojwnufx
nhueibaflycj is a bird, fcezivfpxo is a bear, so nhueibaflycj is not less likely to chirp than fcezivfpxo
bepcnp is a bird, nthwzqdr is a bear, so bepcnp is not less likely to chirp than nthwzqdr
ootkqy is a bird, dutkie is a bear, so ootkqy is not less likely to chirp than dutkie
qpmzecxtt is a bird, dmgb is a bear, so qpmzecxtt is not less likely to chirp than dmgb
mqu is a bird, fpwnon is a bear, so fpwnon is not less likely to chirp than mqu
tsjkfgmdqw is a bird, romqsdwzz is a bear, so romqsdwzz is not less likely to chirp than tsjkfgmdqw
ysrpb is a bird, nfqofwqd is a bear, so nfqofwqd is not less likely to chirp than ysrpb
zypwomsu is a bird, yruzxubapxy is a bear, so yruzxubapxy is not less likely to chirp than zypwomsu
epx is a bird, zgbcjaey is a bear, so zgbcjaey is not less likely to chirp than epx
yrldjdttnw is a rat, ngrccpqzw is a lobster, so yrldjdttnw is more likely to be in a maze than ngrccpqzw
lqmjgtkddpee is a rat, eqp is a lobster, so lqmjgtkddpee is more likely to be in a maze than eqp
mwfpjnnz is a rat, trthqdu is a lobster, so mwfpjnnz is more likely to be in a maze than trthqdu
jkcunsi is a rat, kkvfczumtttt is a lobster, so jkcunsi is more likely to be in a maze than kkvfczumtttt
khdjjuuxuez is a rat, cdmfv is a lobster, so khdjjuuxuez is more likely to be in a maze than cdmfv
cpftqdw is a rat, ftqidiogls is a lobster, so ftqidiogls is less likely to be in a maze than cpftqdw
jsgjpb is a rat, cpiuzhz is a lobster, so cpiuzhz is less likely to be in a maze than jsgjpb
qsbwrrwkisfo is a rat, dfbg is a lobster, so dfbg is less likely to be in a maze than qsbwrrwkisfo
secrwhq is a rat, njogqmmgwufa is a lobster, so njogqmmgwufa is less likely to be in a maze than secrwhq
zcwefw is a rat, goueeker is a lobster, so goueeker is less likely to be in a maze than zcwefw
iqtytd is a rat, leo is a lobster, so iqtytd is not less likely to be in a maze than leo
npvy is a rat, rsgsezau is a lobster, so npvy is not less likely to be in a maze than rsgsezau
bzgbzgjezya is a rat, ndpjqthrd is a lobster, so bzgbzgjezya is not less likely to be in a maze than ndpjqthrd
lqzipq is a rat, yzijr is a lobster, so lqzipq is not less likely to be in a maze than yzijr
chbqzcqlxy is a rat, wtguqwbygdzq is a lobster, so chbqzcqlxy is not less likely to be in a maze than wtguqwbygdzq
blwgjjotvo is a rat, rtiewbifhgqi is a lobster, so rtiewbifhgqi is not more likely to be in a maze than blwgjjotvo
xhg is a rat, srjgsuvxpg is a lobster, so srjgsuvxpg is not more likely to be in a maze than xhg
rtobcyt is a rat, svrmba is a lobster, so svrmba is not more likely to be in a maze than rtobcyt
chjp is a rat, csbflgurh is a lobster, so csbflgurh is not more likely to be in a maze than chjp
vjtmfqihkbgu is a rat, wrfgkzzdkn is a lobster, so wrfgkzzdkn is not more likely to be in a maze than vjtmfqihkbgu
qeak is a fish, biorzyswn is a hamster, so qeak is more likely to be pets than biorzyswn
nkpmxruab is a fish, foehwvifmwht is a hamster, so nkpmxruab is more likely to be pets than foehwvifmwht
ixbnbugvibnf is a fish, bji is a hamster, so ixbnbugvibnf is more likely to be pets than bji
bijhqy is a fish, iubbeteczn is a hamster, so bijhqy is more likely to be pets than iubbeteczn
zsxec is a fish, rcoog is a hamster, so zsxec is more likely to be pets than rcoog
bacblnt is a fish, gmxfpxyerdrp is a hamster, so gmxfpxyerdrp is less likely to be pets than bacblnt
iqzrh is a fish, hmpyksgh is a hamster, so hmpyksgh is less likely to be pets than iqzrh
gggbfzadv is a fish, fyk is a hamster, so fyk is less likely to be pets than gggbfzadv
ipfkarx is a fish, wyuxkummfay is a hamster, so wyuxkummfay is less likely to be pets than ipfkarx
luyyfzypk is a fish, aqeeouvb is a hamster, so aqeeouvb is less likely to be pets than luyyfzypk
rnzwhfuyjpj is a fish, yvgh is a hamster, so rnzwhfuyjpj is not less pets than yvgh
wnldsl is a fish, rjiewbxg is a hamster, so wnldsl is not less pets than rjiewbxg
tkw is a fish, qnyhhgjl is a hamster, so tkw is not less pets than qnyhhgjl
bhztekvrr is a fish, bnjmubfj is a hamster, so bhztekvrr is not less pets than bnjmubfj
yjbjcnilzxb is a fish, bmy is a hamster, so yjbjcnilzxb is not less pets than bmy
pwxonz is a fish, txcbae is a hamster, so txcbae is not more likely to be pets than pwxonz
ckcsrzqky is a fish, kdcucebf is a hamster, so kdcucebf is not more likely to be pets than ckcsrzqky
att is a fish, jrzja is a hamster, so jrzja is not more likely to be pets than att
qylkv is a fish, gryiiy is a hamster, so gryiiy is not more likely to be pets than qylkv
cdkpfc is a fish, lfmv is a hamster, so lfmv is not more likely to be pets than cdkpfc
yrfgkfctsomo is a monkey, nwidrtkmezck is a frog, so yrfgkfctsomo is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than nwidrtkmezck
tdqawdbcph is a monkey, hwtltltm is a frog, so tdqawdbcph is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than hwtltltm
guzmasnozzn is a monkey, ubz is a frog, so guzmasnozzn is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ubz
uec is a monkey, krrdfdijo is a frog, so uec is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than krrdfdijo
nxyjifu is a monkey, yukvayybjf is a frog, so nxyjifu is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than yukvayybjf
pbauccodfu is a monkey, htbjwld is a frog, so htbjwld is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than pbauccodfu
hvcz is a monkey, ppzralcea is a frog, so ppzralcea is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than hvcz
bwokgd is a monkey, nzcxyw is a frog, so nzcxyw is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than bwokgd
slh is a monkey, doifeyzc is a frog, so doifeyzc is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than slh
wgdlczun is a monkey, agcjkd is a frog, so agcjkd is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than wgdlczun
ajarlsjjq is a monkey, hksusw is a frog, so ajarlsjjq is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than hksusw
dplmoqtd is a monkey, qjsrpdjbdl is a frog, so dplmoqtd is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than qjsrpdjbdl
hrmvhynl is a monkey, xirnmdxkj is a frog, so hrmvhynl is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than xirnmdxkj
fxcusknnh is a monkey, swgvgg is a frog, so fxcusknnh is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than swgvgg
jnmagjpbee is a monkey, bilfmcvjeve is a frog, so jnmagjpbee is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than bilfmcvjeve
fmmyj is a monkey, ytvkocetmsd is a frog, so ytvkocetmsd is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than fmmyj
mwjtfxa is a monkey, oguqukmlh is a frog, so oguqukmlh is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than mwjtfxa
njyhfrgmpuv is a monkey, htjufbo is a frog, so htjufbo is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than njyhfrgmpuv
ypx is a monkey, ylrkjqznpz is a frog, so ylrkjqznpz is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ypx
gfw is a monkey, hsllsyj is a frog, so hsllsyj is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than gfw
kfopgaq is a dog, ofu is a turtle, so kfopgaq is less likely to guard property than ofu
ctrcnho is a dog, qhkegg is a turtle, so ctrcnho is less likely to guard property than qhkegg
lfpfjdc is a dog, ifxrco is a turtle, so lfpfjdc is less likely to guard property than ifxrco
gyirlypc is a dog, aqlogczaet is a turtle, so gyirlypc is less likely to guard property than aqlogczaet
twvmw is a dog, jjujavdieea is a turtle, so twvmw is less likely to guard property than jjujavdieea
rrybxywvssfj is a dog, lfvk is a turtle, so lfvk is less likely to guard property than rrybxywvssfj
vnyqixjzr is a dog, rqlfcrmiky is a turtle, so rqlfcrmiky is less likely to guard property than vnyqixjzr
bcuyb is a dog, pmkhuzytgvb is a turtle, so pmkhuzytgvb is less likely to guard property than bcuyb
clzd is a dog, skytohnu is a turtle, so skytohnu is less likely to guard property than clzd
cgo is a dog, iiqzbh is a turtle, so iiqzbh is less likely to guard property than cgo
zwidu is a dog, yaf is a turtle, so zwidu is not less likely to guard property than yaf
fwnmdybopquy is a dog, oea is a turtle, so fwnmdybopquy is not less likely to guard property than oea
tepsxbtxzl is a dog, zobaxrjz is a turtle, so tepsxbtxzl is not less likely to guard property than zobaxrjz
xrwdrshhein is a dog, jujlyeedy is a turtle, so xrwdrshhein is not less likely to guard property than jujlyeedy
wvibzyndh is a dog, yyyochj is a turtle, so wvibzyndh is not less likely to guard property than yyyochj
zalkldeslko is a dog, vbiysibqwslu is a turtle, so vbiysibqwslu is not more likely to guard property than zalkldeslko
mvvnftty is a dog, mwfvztzc is a turtle, so mwfvztzc is not more likely to guard property than mvvnftty
kmz is a dog, duvzxrzutjf is a turtle, so duvzxrzutjf is not more likely to guard property than kmz
rwjowotfia is a dog, uoai is a turtle, so uoai is not more likely to guard property than rwjowotfia
cmnd is a dog, ayhkkb is a turtle, so ayhkkb is not more likely to guard property than cmnd
pnaahpswmk is a bear, jutvqwgce is a rat, so pnaahpswmk is more likely to fish for salmon than jutvqwgce
yqjgaqshox is a bear, iakhnrxruv is a rat, so yqjgaqshox is more likely to fish for salmon than iakhnrxruv
vqggrfhupzlq is a bear, mnvlaexr is a rat, so vqggrfhupzlq is more likely to fish for salmon than mnvlaexr
bdmlrhfwqrn is a bear, cazgkn is a rat, so bdmlrhfwqrn is more likely to fish for salmon than cazgkn
mxfemaeski is a bear, qbjvgib is a rat, so mxfemaeski is more likely to fish for salmon than qbjvgib
ginwsuwgu is a bear, xiqdfqsiqtti is a rat, so xiqdfqsiqtti is less likely to fish for salmon than ginwsuwgu
cvpx is a bear, stq is a rat, so stq is less likely to fish for salmon than cvpx
pdwysx is a bear, snvr is a rat, so snvr is less likely to fish for salmon than pdwysx
glzaghvh is a bear, diglkt is a rat, so diglkt is less likely to fish for salmon than glzaghvh
nybkueczosdq is a bear, wmyvkzsq is a rat, so wmyvkzsq is less likely to fish for salmon than nybkueczosdq
kncgaric is a bear, yidkxgcrt is a rat, so kncgaric is not less likely to fish for salmon than yidkxgcrt
xgotaeo is a bear, qkytvtjjhx is a rat, so xgotaeo is not less likely to fish for salmon than qkytvtjjhx
iyrtjxnrt is a bear, fibwllrtg is a rat, so iyrtjxnrt is not less likely to fish for salmon than fibwllrtg
lwlej is a bear, ieadoi is a rat, so lwlej is not less likely to fish for salmon than ieadoi
kjntfo is a bear, nshophaehqya is a rat, so kjntfo is not less likely to fish for salmon than nshophaehqya
lfczh is a bear, jnjbkgwufk is a rat, so jnjbkgwufk is not more likely to fish for salmon than lfczh
brc is a bear, rpippekpamlz is a rat, so rpippekpamlz is not more likely to fish for salmon than brc
llbwfzmoe is a bear, usishrihxa is a rat, so usishrihxa is not more likely to fish for salmon than llbwfzmoe
unbzkcsrbux is a bear, oiyklzsmiahv is a rat, so oiyklzsmiahv is not more likely to fish for salmon than unbzkcsrbux
znxbtogecf is a bear, ejxcjdelvt is a rat, so ejxcjdelvt is not more likely to fish for salmon than znxbtogecf
fqqz is a snake, kekhlvczk is a chimpanzee, so fqqz is more likely to be in a garden than kekhlvczk
iuxwqcbkijx is a snake, fkqjwq is a chimpanzee, so iuxwqcbkijx is more likely to be in a garden than fkqjwq
qwjxmh is a snake, fcyevwieh is a chimpanzee, so qwjxmh is more likely to be in a garden than fcyevwieh
roywlbpnduj is a snake, pjyqlrd is a chimpanzee, so roywlbpnduj is more likely to be in a garden than pjyqlrd
oydpurpkcs is a snake, jixhdeb is a chimpanzee, so oydpurpkcs is more likely to be in a garden than jixhdeb
egjnypfdy is a snake, rto is a chimpanzee, so rto is less likely to be in a garden than egjnypfdy
klv is a snake, boy is a chimpanzee, so boy is less likely to be in a garden than klv
xxnnkwta is a snake, waoaats is a chimpanzee, so waoaats is less likely to be in a garden than xxnnkwta
nxaazfnuvwj is a snake, iorqdytvaw is a chimpanzee, so iorqdytvaw is less likely to be in a garden than nxaazfnuvwj
bizkeoyi is a snake, yhmguhv is a chimpanzee, so yhmguhv is less likely to be in a garden than bizkeoyi
nwstiahk is a snake, xkiomj is a chimpanzee, so nwstiahk is not less likely to be in a garden than xkiomj
wtqzoovwspoz is a snake, ibbigcee is a chimpanzee, so wtqzoovwspoz is not less likely to be in a garden than ibbigcee
ifgllk is a snake, yknuwnqtbv is a chimpanzee, so ifgllk is not less likely to be in a garden than yknuwnqtbv
cxtje is a snake, qpagiz is a chimpanzee, so cxtje is not less likely to be in a garden than qpagiz
xpdozlugzbt is a snake, ini is a chimpanzee, so xpdozlugzbt is not less likely to be in a garden than ini
wapecisdyjhn is a snake, gcfrvu is a chimpanzee, so gcfrvu is not more likely to be in a garden than wapecisdyjhn
sblugw is a snake, skilcnybk is a chimpanzee, so skilcnybk is not more likely to be in a garden than sblugw
qixopa is a snake, wwalucxzhzy is a chimpanzee, so wwalucxzhzy is not more likely to be in a garden than qixopa
nvpbv is a snake, otycwrzarh is a chimpanzee, so otycwrzarh is not more likely to be in a garden than nvpbv
maxjzuoznlqk is a snake, cal is a chimpanzee, so cal is not more likely to be in a garden than maxjzuoznlqk
ralfqfkhztwb is a kangaroo, dyh is a bear, so ralfqfkhztwb is less likely to jump up and down than dyh
cmujlbyrov is a kangaroo, mlualljpq is a bear, so cmujlbyrov is less likely to jump up and down than mlualljpq
ehstaknllku is a kangaroo, pvvvbbwxxkv is a bear, so ehstaknllku is less likely to jump up and down than pvvvbbwxxkv
vxhauxkps is a kangaroo, upvyqd is a bear, so vxhauxkps is less likely to jump up and down than upvyqd
kfnpk is a kangaroo, ihrenbul is a bear, so kfnpk is less likely to jump up and down than ihrenbul
vcrpbopc is a kangaroo, rrmapk is a bear, so rrmapk is less likely to jump up and down than vcrpbopc
momcbdedqvg is a kangaroo, iplytez is a bear, so iplytez is less likely to jump up and down than momcbdedqvg
bbnyxevmcsjo is a kangaroo, rmecswtrwmpg is a bear, so rmecswtrwmpg is less likely to jump up and down than bbnyxevmcsjo
nsofl is a kangaroo, jevyhzsxwa is a bear, so jevyhzsxwa is less likely to jump up and down than nsofl
lldrtqimyqp is a kangaroo, wunl is a bear, so wunl is less likely to jump up and down than lldrtqimyqp
gzfpss is a kangaroo, dndecsx is a bear, so gzfpss is not less likely to jump up and down than dndecsx
kvpokv is a kangaroo, ytkgrnvvl is a bear, so kvpokv is not less likely to jump up and down than ytkgrnvvl
qtkmoxdyqb is a kangaroo, mvafjqwj is a bear, so qtkmoxdyqb is not less likely to jump up and down than mvafjqwj
dzv is a kangaroo, usrtsymktkn is a bear, so dzv is not less likely to jump up and down than usrtsymktkn
yohxsxklf is a kangaroo, wqtowituplmn is a bear, so yohxsxklf is not less likely to jump up and down than wqtowituplmn
xavqfkkrkj is a kangaroo, rucpemhkd is a bear, so rucpemhkd is not more likely to jump up and down than xavqfkkrkj
spl is a kangaroo, izfirpus is a bear, so izfirpus is not more likely to jump up and down than spl
tamueq is a kangaroo, ejxhezh is a bear, so ejxhezh is not more likely to jump up and down than tamueq
hcsgdemie is a kangaroo, hhoadbydymlo is a bear, so hhoadbydymlo is not more likely to jump up and down than hcsgdemie
fkega is a kangaroo, koyfcx is a bear, so koyfcx is not more likely to jump up and down than fkega
indrcyecgdr is a cow, fvqaktglreb is a pig, so indrcyecgdr is more low at milking time than fvqaktglreb
pguxdvjkxts is a cow, lmgbui is a pig, so pguxdvjkxts is more low at milking time than lmgbui
upkoowon is a cow, zlcuhnw is a pig, so upkoowon is more low at milking time than zlcuhnw
bexjwlwjff is a cow, mbhhellruej is a pig, so bexjwlwjff is more low at milking time than mbhhellruej
wiobg is a cow, vonrmnx is a pig, so wiobg is more low at milking time than vonrmnx
wiksqkrocpk is a cow, angudiswvhg is a pig, so angudiswvhg is less low at milking time than wiksqkrocpk
crmhm is a cow, xbqtmfe is a pig, so xbqtmfe is less low at milking time than crmhm
rhkjk is a cow, jrrbmzll is a pig, so jrrbmzll is less low at milking time than rhkjk
hsygbuv is a cow, eymd is a pig, so eymd is less low at milking time than hsygbuv
mhhowcvolxtj is a cow, qyalpflyckkz is a pig, so qyalpflyckkz is less low at milking time than mhhowcvolxtj
esevjnq is a cow, idtlsk is a pig, so esevjnq is not less low at milking time than idtlsk
cvt is a cow, yktuuxrfuly is a pig, so cvt is not less low at milking time than yktuuxrfuly
tuplqhuymz is a cow, vfjbd is a pig, so tuplqhuymz is not less low at milking time than vfjbd
izmcxavk is a cow, dlqsvdwhx is a pig, so izmcxavk is not less low at milking time than dlqsvdwhx
oywaq is a cow, xvshf is a pig, so oywaq is not less low at milking time than xvshf
keata is a cow, sbyqxijp is a pig, so sbyqxijp is not more low at milking time than keata
mslateuo is a cow, yrvket is a pig, so yrvket is not more low at milking time than mslateuo
paemr is a cow, wbwbbenss is a pig, so wbwbbenss is not more low at milking time than paemr
ptdken is a cow, cizsxusvxbj is a pig, so cizsxusvxbj is not more low at milking time than ptdken
yicbwloo is a cow, xkeujixwnuut is a pig, so xkeujixwnuut is not more low at milking time than yicbwloo
yirjzjamofj is a monkey, zgmagub is a giraffe, so yirjzjamofj is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than zgmagub
lnkvsjro is a monkey, woignccyp is a giraffe, so lnkvsjro is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than woignccyp
ayxmcjdy is a monkey, mtpgzwqzit is a giraffe, so ayxmcjdy is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than mtpgzwqzit
luimefcupxy is a monkey, eeguryouebj is a giraffe, so luimefcupxy is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than eeguryouebj
cywlkc is a monkey, tavdwntdjh is a giraffe, so cywlkc is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than tavdwntdjh
zahpttdu is a monkey, aemv is a giraffe, so aemv is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than zahpttdu
tvpxvbmch is a monkey, qep is a giraffe, so qep is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than tvpxvbmch
zoyveu is a monkey, dkz is a giraffe, so dkz is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than zoyveu
lfa is a monkey, dcglw is a giraffe, so dcglw is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than lfa
tbfy is a monkey, qlvv is a giraffe, so qlvv is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than tbfy
fiimxa is a monkey, vcs is a giraffe, so fiimxa is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than vcs
dkiaz is a monkey, wxwiknnuxsl is a giraffe, so dkiaz is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than wxwiknnuxsl
kkyljqdekjj is a monkey, xrumhmbvibs is a giraffe, so kkyljqdekjj is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than xrumhmbvibs
pmfvihriz is a monkey, yix is a giraffe, so pmfvihriz is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than yix
bmccptrwigsc is a monkey, xbb is a giraffe, so bmccptrwigsc is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than xbb
tdtqck is a monkey, txl is a giraffe, so txl is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than tdtqck
szrn is a monkey, knmh is a giraffe, so knmh is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than szrn
hyxbeppgqx is a monkey, howannz is a giraffe, so howannz is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than hyxbeppgqx
ivdy is a monkey, meypn is a giraffe, so meypn is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ivdy
gmhpapf is a monkey, usxwkzh is a giraffe, so usxwkzh is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than gmhpapf
qpzyhus is a elephant, uesehklmuo is a cow, so qpzyhus is more likely to lift the tree than uesehklmuo
gzpjkuzy is a elephant, aucossjd is a cow, so gzpjkuzy is more likely to lift the tree than aucossjd
krhurwuxybd is a elephant, tkjn is a cow, so krhurwuxybd is more likely to lift the tree than tkjn
lyeksj is a elephant, cfwmfjvahq is a cow, so lyeksj is more likely to lift the tree than cfwmfjvahq
uda is a elephant, jxol is a cow, so uda is more likely to lift the tree than jxol
duhkmfvabs is a elephant, hazrgnyiti is a cow, so hazrgnyiti is less likely to lift the tree than duhkmfvabs
bymlefiefze is a elephant, wxueuw is a cow, so wxueuw is less likely to lift the tree than bymlefiefze
gpqgtwn is a elephant, cle is a cow, so cle is less likely to lift the tree than gpqgtwn
rfkqtu is a elephant, cvryijo is a cow, so cvryijo is less likely to lift the tree than rfkqtu
qockew is a elephant, untxflx is a cow, so untxflx is less likely to lift the tree than qockew
oztjtpsmea is a elephant, imsenncsnnc is a cow, so oztjtpsmea is not less likely to lift the tree than imsenncsnnc
sfvkk is a elephant, zkkxdrvgz is a cow, so sfvkk is not less likely to lift the tree than zkkxdrvgz
viyxyxuobfc is a elephant, gmg is a cow, so viyxyxuobfc is not less likely to lift the tree than gmg
ijdfubx is a elephant, egahvcxfj is a cow, so ijdfubx is not less likely to lift the tree than egahvcxfj
limxifsh is a elephant, znfebgv is a cow, so limxifsh is not less likely to lift the tree than znfebgv
ouil is a elephant, ixrfyzokpt is a cow, so ixrfyzokpt is not more likely to lift the tree than ouil
zokrqo is a elephant, msttkawe is a cow, so msttkawe is not more likely to lift the tree than zokrqo
yhysxwqwjel is a elephant, mdck is a cow, so mdck is not more likely to lift the tree than yhysxwqwjel
sbg is a elephant, aixcsur is a cow, so aixcsur is not more likely to lift the tree than sbg
wjt is a elephant, qwdol is a cow, so qwdol is not more likely to lift the tree than wjt
zqb is a bear, gbdcsv is a owl, so zqb is more likely to be in a meadow than gbdcsv
tqwprwts is a bear, zzevjdwoyla is a owl, so tqwprwts is more likely to be in a meadow than zzevjdwoyla
tbiubdiwef is a bear, lthvge is a owl, so tbiubdiwef is more likely to be in a meadow than lthvge
kpndfkmukr is a bear, ulaawv is a owl, so kpndfkmukr is more likely to be in a meadow than ulaawv
pqi is a bear, losuognrhj is a owl, so pqi is more likely to be in a meadow than losuognrhj
cpemon is a bear, hryd is a owl, so hryd is less likely to be in a meadow than cpemon
omjcfcieezc is a bear, lvwvaq is a owl, so lvwvaq is less likely to be in a meadow than omjcfcieezc
qsh is a bear, mpvehwvo is a owl, so mpvehwvo is less likely to be in a meadow than qsh
nbzchwj is a bear, amfxeietdy is a owl, so amfxeietdy is less likely to be in a meadow than nbzchwj
ulzqmcluiu is a bear, ajesdhvhnjt is a owl, so ajesdhvhnjt is less likely to be in a meadow than ulzqmcluiu
jzrjrn is a bear, cazmhqlidce is a owl, so jzrjrn is not less likely to be in a meadow than cazmhqlidce
aqymen is a bear, xor is a owl, so aqymen is not less likely to be in a meadow than xor
jaonqmr is a bear, wxnoewiew is a owl, so jaonqmr is not less likely to be in a meadow than wxnoewiew
zuvfvjtgufm is a bear, oxxula is a owl, so zuvfvjtgufm is not less likely to be in a meadow than oxxula
lxewmrbhr is a bear, aldkfviszhuj is a owl, so lxewmrbhr is not less likely to be in a meadow than aldkfviszhuj
ywvhbhebgv is a bear, ywr is a owl, so ywr is not more likely to be in a meadow than ywvhbhebgv
pweqesc is a bear, lkha is a owl, so lkha is not more likely to be in a meadow than pweqesc
zfub is a bear, vawqd is a owl, so vawqd is not more likely to be in a meadow than zfub
rvtcoycftg is a bear, qjfpl is a owl, so qjfpl is not more likely to be in a meadow than rvtcoycftg
pcvf is a bear, azva is a owl, so azva is not more likely to be in a meadow than pcvf
yrlvuxfwej is a snake, unuzd is a elephant, so yrlvuxfwej is more likely to be in a feild than unuzd
bbipko is a snake, bilobq is a elephant, so bbipko is more likely to be in a feild than bilobq
nblqgixzec is a snake, lomuzhdcwnh is a elephant, so nblqgixzec is more likely to be in a feild than lomuzhdcwnh
bleuaormc is a snake, sonnfrgllw is a elephant, so bleuaormc is more likely to be in a feild than sonnfrgllw
sof is a snake, plgxqfoaicg is a elephant, so sof is more likely to be in a feild than plgxqfoaicg
trqupwjs is a snake, mtfaukaieck is an elephant, so mtfaukaieck is less likely to be in a feild than trqupwjs
xjoca is a snake, mmtrtkpv is an elephant, so mmtrtkpv is less likely to be in a feild than xjoca
qklgds is a snake, hwsi is an elephant, so hwsi is less likely to be in a feild than qklgds
ivxdezg is a snake, ahkmeafl is an elephant, so ahkmeafl is less likely to be in a feild than ivxdezg
mviris is a snake, tnvlifhjjv is an elephant, so tnvlifhjjv is less likely to be in a feild than mviris
zwt is a snake, gyzobdq is a elephant, so zwt is not less likely to be in a feild than gyzobdq
blmlkau is a snake, vrudflr is a elephant, so blmlkau is not less likely to be in a feild than vrudflr
yodtjtub is a snake, loh is a elephant, so yodtjtub is not less likely to be in a feild than loh
lvfyrkqvukos is a snake, yzjm is a elephant, so lvfyrkqvukos is not less likely to be in a feild than yzjm
munzt is a snake, gcavtuuqlt is a elephant, so munzt is not less likely to be in a feild than gcavtuuqlt
hslqe is a snake, brhv is a elephant, so brhv is not more likely to be in a feild than hslqe
bkpecz is a snake, pracrtzs is a elephant, so pracrtzs is not more likely to be in a feild than bkpecz
zgnetm is a snake, wuhucznkrs is a elephant, so wuhucznkrs is not more likely to be in a feild than zgnetm
touavshxfr is a snake, smgrlphhqfsd is a elephant, so smgrlphhqfsd is not more likely to be in a feild than touavshxfr
iyjfik is a snake, idjfqoxgg is a elephant, so idjfqoxgg is not more likely to be in a feild than iyjfik
pcm is a snake, bnrwc is a horse, so pcm is more likely to be in the bible than bnrwc
xpgrvlrzxncy is a snake, skd is a horse, so xpgrvlrzxncy is more likely to be in the bible than skd
iihfaqjqfbk is a snake, yaiihpsygn is a horse, so iihfaqjqfbk is more likely to be in the bible than yaiihpsygn
mxzeujocnccx is a snake, grjnfjvisfy is a horse, so mxzeujocnccx is more likely to be in the bible than grjnfjvisfy
iywo is a snake, rjhgos is a horse, so iywo is more likely to be in the bible than rjhgos
qmr is a snake, xyv is a horse, so xyv is less likely to be in the bible than qmr
rbjaqfnyapm is a snake, wdhedm is a horse, so wdhedm is less likely to be in the bible than rbjaqfnyapm
dzrdsz is a snake, lssvysmrom is a horse, so lssvysmrom is less likely to be in the bible than dzrdsz
jea is a snake, uqmkrvnbvkmc is a horse, so uqmkrvnbvkmc is less likely to be in the bible than jea
bfcxxdkuiiv is a snake, qbqrvigreme is a horse, so qbqrvigreme is less likely to be in the bible than bfcxxdkuiiv
ygc is a snake, bktyscyr is a horse, so ygc is not less likely to be in the bible than bktyscyr
kdqojhkdq is a snake, pfcy is a horse, so kdqojhkdq is not less likely to be in the bible than pfcy
pgr is a snake, fjcnkksacjw is a horse, so pgr is not less likely to be in the bible than fjcnkksacjw
ukws is a snake, cgorwjwvnmbb is a horse, so ukws is not less likely to be in the bible than cgorwjwvnmbb
qstxlxzu is a snake, ofhynsppzqfl is a horse, so qstxlxzu is not less likely to be in the bible than ofhynsppzqfl
qolwu is a snake, httkk is a horse, so httkk is not more likely to be in the bible than qolwu
uinxu is a snake, ntul is a horse, so ntul is not more likely to be in the bible than uinxu
qsh is a snake, qlzqkchcubd is a horse, so qlzqkchcubd is not more likely to be in the bible than qsh
tixrfqxvf is a snake, rmaswxgekbyx is a horse, so rmaswxgekbyx is not more likely to be in the bible than tixrfqxvf
bogkq is a snake, hbqjwtwe is a horse, so hbqjwtwe is not more likely to be in the bible than bogkq
tqil is a cat, hrgfga is a hamster, so tqil is more likely to be in your way than hrgfga
zjkdllxviltb is a cat, mhxhc is a hamster, so zjkdllxviltb is more likely to be in your way than mhxhc
wwcrdywlmf is a cat, ptiqglx is a hamster, so wwcrdywlmf is more likely to be in your way than ptiqglx
yplgmwtpxze is a cat, beutanauzbm is a hamster, so yplgmwtpxze is more likely to be in your way than beutanauzbm
pcfe is a cat, uqh is a hamster, so pcfe is more likely to be in your way than uqh
stbdgyrammj is a cat, diracwefktc is a hamster, so diracwefktc is less likely to be in your way than stbdgyrammj
eevswqhbjc is a cat, mbtzbbgay is a hamster, so mbtzbbgay is less likely to be in your way than eevswqhbjc
jcg is a cat, dzeemmqae is a hamster, so dzeemmqae is less likely to be in your way than jcg
bkaab is a cat, vbqyz is a hamster, so vbqyz is less likely to be in your way than bkaab
jyaqsd is a cat, xxteqgvaxno is a hamster, so xxteqgvaxno is less likely to be in your way than jyaqsd
jonsa is a cat, eoyjhybcj is a hamster, so jonsa is not less likely to be in your way than eoyjhybcj
hdpy is a cat, lhrjl is a hamster, so hdpy is not less likely to be in your way than lhrjl
vstohv is a cat, ibljkowjbjw is a hamster, so vstohv is not less likely to be in your way than ibljkowjbjw
osyaixzpbf is a cat, lamkgyb is a hamster, so osyaixzpbf is not less likely to be in your way than lamkgyb
tnorpjo is a cat, vkt is a hamster, so tnorpjo is not less likely to be in your way than vkt
nhc is a cat, lgsvpxvyrlf is a hamster, so lgsvpxvyrlf is not more likely to be in your way than nhc
oyirebjcr is a cat, xhl is a hamster, so xhl is not more likely to be in your way than oyirebjcr
bqltgiofj is a cat, hxjtvqy is a hamster, so hxjtvqy is not more likely to be in your way than bqltgiofj
hkqohe is a cat, ivigvkblwqx is a hamster, so ivigvkblwqx is not more likely to be in your way than hkqohe
ziqp is a cat, qaytqaufag is a hamster, so qaytqaufag is not more likely to be in your way than ziqp
lezk is a chimpanzee, saydwvgkpwvl is a spider, so lezk is more likely to hold her baby than saydwvgkpwvl
nnbi is a chimpanzee, pjgpkugjtv is a spider, so nnbi is more likely to hold her baby than pjgpkugjtv
jyx is a chimpanzee, tydizytmes is a spider, so jyx is more likely to hold her baby than tydizytmes
yyvroiturm is a chimpanzee, sgurrzrrowaj is a spider, so yyvroiturm is more likely to hold her baby than sgurrzrrowaj
gdmgklvev is a chimpanzee, fcygeffqqdds is a spider, so gdmgklvev is more likely to hold her baby than fcygeffqqdds
fahbdogtjr is a chimpanzee, yosldszau is a spider, so yosldszau is less likely to hold her baby than fahbdogtjr
xkccvmoqmmm is a chimpanzee, zqcbivqev is a spider, so zqcbivqev is less likely to hold her baby than xkccvmoqmmm
vpbvtmgionbc is a chimpanzee, gzzhqxjqo is a spider, so gzzhqxjqo is less likely to hold her baby than vpbvtmgionbc
vvn is a chimpanzee, hpwe is a spider, so hpwe is less likely to hold her baby than vvn
cbyiyce is a chimpanzee, graxzzoivuz is a spider, so graxzzoivuz is less likely to hold her baby than cbyiyce
svjyixu is a chimpanzee, ffjf is a spider, so svjyixu is not less likely to hold her baby than ffjf
llwlxckjy is a chimpanzee, wgnut is a spider, so llwlxckjy is not less likely to hold her baby than wgnut
iimktf is a chimpanzee, vewg is a spider, so iimktf is not less likely to hold her baby than vewg
vvoqy is a chimpanzee, crlna is a spider, so vvoqy is not less likely to hold her baby than crlna
fbosi is a chimpanzee, tnersuqfnnf is a spider, so fbosi is not less likely to hold her baby than tnersuqfnnf
lgbd is a chimpanzee, uhvi is a spider, so uhvi is not more likely to hold her baby than lgbd
ywfdzk is a chimpanzee, tyjzhy is a spider, so tyjzhy is not more likely to hold her baby than ywfdzk
gkg is a chimpanzee, llekgybq is a spider, so llekgybq is not more likely to hold her baby than gkg
ljbdkr is a chimpanzee, pacxheced is a spider, so pacxheced is not more likely to hold her baby than ljbdkr
fyqyb is a chimpanzee, zcdredwzdtqq is a spider, so zcdredwzdtqq is not more likely to hold her baby than fyqyb
ozdkym is a fish, dedzfmziz is a snake, so ozdkym is more likely to be in a pond than dedzfmziz
ryoc is a fish, rskyuaxf is a snake, so ryoc is more likely to be in a pond than rskyuaxf
wqdebheuxdx is a fish, nxbdw is a snake, so wqdebheuxdx is more likely to be in a pond than nxbdw
zmrlud is a fish, pbdaoj is a snake, so zmrlud is more likely to be in a pond than pbdaoj
qbrkqlvti is a fish, onqyywpah is a snake, so qbrkqlvti is more likely to be in a pond than onqyywpah
olvhoqhu is a fish, kpwgpvuprtxs is a snake, so kpwgpvuprtxs is less likely to be in a pond than olvhoqhu
lktt is a fish, lxabgkpvokxh is a snake, so lxabgkpvokxh is less likely to be in a pond than lktt
hhgnkzzkni is a fish, kthnju is a snake, so kthnju is less likely to be in a pond than hhgnkzzkni
wjvjdgw is a fish, rpzoxxe is a snake, so rpzoxxe is less likely to be in a pond than wjvjdgw
cjjym is a fish, xtr is a snake, so xtr is less likely to be in a pond than cjjym
kcwcpsxrm is a fish, sczlfxdgkad is a snake, so kcwcpsxrm is not less likely to be in a pond than sczlfxdgkad
lafkmqk is a fish, zejvbvkvdyf is a snake, so lafkmqk is not less likely to be in a pond than zejvbvkvdyf
hibvqtproma is a fish, bczam is a snake, so hibvqtproma is not less likely to be in a pond than bczam
meri is a fish, wnsjkuvvnq is a snake, so meri is not less likely to be in a pond than wnsjkuvvnq
qvyv is a fish, vtpdgh is a snake, so qvyv is not less likely to be in a pond than vtpdgh
banryxuhh is a fish, ethzqimbpaw is a snake, so ethzqimbpaw is not more likely to be in a pond than banryxuhh
pwrlhonmqtu is a fish, zltt is a snake, so zltt is not more likely to be in a pond than pwrlhonmqtu
phpouwwnrzrr is a fish, mxlejfpfqbw is a snake, so mxlejfpfqbw is not more likely to be in a pond than phpouwwnrzrr
gfxtiyglagyq is a fish, cmmtnjnus is a snake, so cmmtnjnus is not more likely to be in a pond than gfxtiyglagyq
ycl is a fish, spsrmbimnpid is a snake, so spsrmbimnpid is not more likely to be in a pond than ycl
jbw is a deer, sfs is a dolphin, so jbw is more likely to be in north america than sfs
odzdntql is a deer, ahctviwlnvem is a dolphin, so odzdntql is more likely to be in north america than ahctviwlnvem
eolxh is a deer, pqt is a dolphin, so eolxh is more likely to be in north america than pqt
lmatrd is a deer, xvxjmplqd is a dolphin, so lmatrd is more likely to be in north america than xvxjmplqd
cupyrk is a deer, fzkkvnqb is a dolphin, so cupyrk is more likely to be in north america than fzkkvnqb
novfjjnlibn is a deer, tsaqtdgr is a dolphin, so tsaqtdgr is less likely to be in africa than novfjjnlibn
yrqu is a deer, unsj is a dolphin, so unsj is less likely to be in africa than yrqu
gfoppqtreset is a deer, gmpixwd is a dolphin, so gmpixwd is less likely to be in africa than gfoppqtreset
lxyreqmvm is a deer, reych is a dolphin, so reych is less likely to be in africa than lxyreqmvm
shzs is a deer, ivmop is a dolphin, so ivmop is less likely to be in africa than shzs
mtnq is a deer, dbeymzjvli is a dolphin, so mtnq is not less likely to be in africa than dbeymzjvli
pbpidco is a deer, sqdpk is a dolphin, so pbpidco is not less likely to be in africa than sqdpk
kth is a deer, ntdnvw is a dolphin, so kth is not less likely to be in africa than ntdnvw
vojerdzcpoz is a deer, ayofmhqawt is a dolphin, so vojerdzcpoz is not less likely to be in africa than ayofmhqawt
ibkk is a deer, dxi is a dolphin, so ibkk is not less likely to be in africa than dxi
azffn is a deer, gjeiorjx is a dolphin, so gjeiorjx is not more likely to be in north america than azffn
nfynauoo is a deer, kgib is a dolphin, so kgib is not more likely to be in north america than nfynauoo
zwxqe is a deer, prueqos is a dolphin, so prueqos is not more likely to be in north america than zwxqe
xswlbwou is a deer, syocaozrwo is a dolphin, so syocaozrwo is not more likely to be in north america than xswlbwou
ybajzc is a deer, asrnkamujvhp is a dolphin, so asrnkamujvhp is not more likely to be in north america than ybajzc
hohfdyqvg is a squirrel, ccdop is a alligator, so hohfdyqvg is less likely to be on a roof than ccdop
lsefn is a squirrel, vyagyztae is a alligator, so lsefn is less likely to be on a roof than vyagyztae
ldqduzz is a squirrel, bnhproy is a alligator, so ldqduzz is less likely to be on a roof than bnhproy
liihlrayjh is a squirrel, vdx is a alligator, so liihlrayjh is less likely to be on a roof than vdx
qqyzidrage is a squirrel, ibppbekoq is a alligator, so qqyzidrage is less likely to be on a roof than ibppbekoq
szzy is a squirrel, pjaem is a alligator, so pjaem is less likely to be on a roof than szzy
azjvesft is a squirrel, gmhrgcixcvi is a alligator, so gmhrgcixcvi is less likely to be on a roof than azjvesft
psaknnhzrusr is a squirrel, gtatez is a alligator, so gtatez is less likely to be on a roof than psaknnhzrusr
bgctojqn is a squirrel, wemboz is a alligator, so wemboz is less likely to be on a roof than bgctojqn
xkrlwylmfk is a squirrel, idx is a alligator, so idx is less likely to be on a roof than xkrlwylmfk
iagxsvjeqt is a squirrel, gzqinbz is a alligator, so iagxsvjeqt is not less likely to be on a roof than gzqinbz
lfylme is a squirrel, fklzp is a alligator, so lfylme is not less likely to be on a roof than fklzp
uvsdlc is a squirrel, gyvlfllbdtsz is a alligator, so uvsdlc is not less likely to be on a roof than gyvlfllbdtsz
zdskn is a squirrel, xmccbpxypo is a alligator, so zdskn is not less likely to be on a roof than xmccbpxypo
zkhygqtzqwmh is a squirrel, ispfposloo is a alligator, so zkhygqtzqwmh is not less likely to be on a roof than ispfposloo
lekncg is a squirrel, ntf is a alligator, so ntf is not more likely to be on a roof than lekncg
rvkvko is a squirrel, gsqnsfkw is a alligator, so gsqnsfkw is not more likely to be on a roof than rvkvko
ztouyuk is a squirrel, ime is a alligator, so ime is not more likely to be on a roof than ztouyuk
ntt is a squirrel, seqzmrym is a alligator, so seqzmrym is not more likely to be on a roof than ntt
ismku is a squirrel, cpjba is a alligator, so cpjba is not more likely to be on a roof than ismku
oflagdvikjo is a fish, wlafowpctmi is a goat, so oflagdvikjo is more likely to live underwater than wlafowpctmi
fdcidfrls is a fish, iojxp is a goat, so fdcidfrls is more likely to live underwater than iojxp
xhmeyp is a fish, iksnhvehqn is a goat, so xhmeyp is more likely to live underwater than iksnhvehqn
qbtcgyd is a fish, gedekhnhilty is a goat, so qbtcgyd is more likely to live underwater than gedekhnhilty
zeyin is a fish, xkowqvufho is a goat, so zeyin is more likely to live underwater than xkowqvufho
cwkmefswy is a fish, huf is a goat, so huf is less likely to live underwater than cwkmefswy
zbitx is a fish, zuu is a goat, so zuu is less likely to live underwater than zbitx
mekfy is a fish, uzhuzg is a goat, so uzhuzg is less likely to live underwater than mekfy
gyoyxpfeeeg is a fish, iujbjuayrx is a goat, so iujbjuayrx is less likely to live underwater than gyoyxpfeeeg
yflpxo is a fish, weq is a goat, so weq is less likely to live underwater than yflpxo
xzbajhk is a fish, ytjw is a goat, so xzbajhk is not less likely to live underwater than ytjw
nlarjul is a fish, gyvrol is a goat, so nlarjul is not less likely to live underwater than gyvrol
gclxrdrhuo is a fish, obpgrbpijgb is a goat, so gclxrdrhuo is not less likely to live underwater than obpgrbpijgb
mrmdxvrsxlxn is a fish, ficwvzhlwz is a goat, so mrmdxvrsxlxn is not less likely to live underwater than ficwvzhlwz
ljbm is a fish, sqytjuuuinn is a goat, so ljbm is not less likely to live underwater than sqytjuuuinn
thml is a fish, tuf is a goat, so tuf is not more likely to live underwater than thml
ruavmrg is a fish, mnqisxbju is a goat, so mnqisxbju is not more likely to live underwater than ruavmrg
hivsgf is a fish, bfcmzs is a goat, so bfcmzs is not more likely to live underwater than hivsgf
aqbsllxsb is a fish, wcdmdqz is a goat, so wcdmdqz is not more likely to live underwater than aqbsllxsb
aldkuwo is a fish, pnfcga is a goat, so pnfcga is not more likely to live underwater than aldkuwo
pnysxujt is a rat, jtemnba is a lion, so pnysxujt is more likely to press a lever than jtemnba
snkclg is a rat, gstqpanai is a lion, so snkclg is more likely to press a lever than gstqpanai
pggeqwrdzw is a rat, qkghohel is a lion, so pggeqwrdzw is more likely to press a lever than qkghohel
qxqlq is a rat, fdhxf is a lion, so qxqlq is more likely to press a lever than fdhxf
flckjzyylfsz is a rat, xfuquhuoz is a lion, so flckjzyylfsz is more likely to press a lever than xfuquhuoz
ypifboc is a rat, yookf is a lion, so yookf is less likely to press a lever than ypifboc
rtmqhu is a rat, zevpe is a lion, so zevpe is less likely to press a lever than rtmqhu
famohdbrwy is a rat, kfqgu is a lion, so kfqgu is less likely to press a lever than famohdbrwy
jgg is a rat, mcpka is a lion, so mcpka is less likely to press a lever than jgg
ygbj is a rat, tzt is a lion, so tzt is less likely to press a lever than ygbj
egcyx is a rat, kztlmcsifm is a lion, so egcyx is not less likely to press a lever than kztlmcsifm
zefyvk is a rat, xrhmmiiulsa is a lion, so zefyvk is not less likely to press a lever than xrhmmiiulsa
ukdeu is a rat, xxeskszs is a lion, so ukdeu is not less likely to press a lever than xxeskszs
ajvkhcqt is a rat, qdsnlorrslar is a lion, so ajvkhcqt is not less likely to press a lever than qdsnlorrslar
qrxcwyvhu is a rat, trkurw is a lion, so qrxcwyvhu is not less likely to press a lever than trkurw
kvjoxdbjd is a rat, fnutbnd is a lion, so fnutbnd is not more likely to press a lever than kvjoxdbjd
otmbfldvucig is a rat, ydgq is a lion, so ydgq is not more likely to press a lever than otmbfldvucig
zfuhivk is a rat, xgsfiolwuh is a lion, so xgsfiolwuh is not more likely to press a lever than zfuhivk
gzinvmjesgo is a rat, ofjdxebl is a lion, so ofjdxebl is not more likely to press a lever than gzinvmjesgo
vdkxyajnz is a rat, bkbd is a lion, so bkbd is not more likely to press a lever than vdkxyajnz
atvnv is a ant, qnokrhzs is a dolphin, so atvnv is more likely to be on the carpet than qnokrhzs
jxx is a ant, gbhwgnii is a dolphin, so jxx is more likely to be on the carpet than gbhwgnii
vkgtilofuzyv is a ant, pblvivotsz is a dolphin, so vkgtilofuzyv is more likely to be on the carpet than pblvivotsz
wvcwsu is a ant, ewnnw is a dolphin, so wvcwsu is more likely to be on the carpet than ewnnw
ihjrlaxsthu is a ant, zuplsbqlzsvn is a dolphin, so ihjrlaxsthu is more likely to be on the carpet than zuplsbqlzsvn
qjlixh is a ant, scv is a dolphin, so scv is less likely to be on the carpet than qjlixh
oawgfgibnwm is a ant, tutjiyvrju is a dolphin, so tutjiyvrju is less likely to be on the carpet than oawgfgibnwm
bkpm is a ant, fkkcnnxwq is a dolphin, so fkkcnnxwq is less likely to be on the carpet than bkpm
yngjw is a ant, dsvfwbyl is a dolphin, so dsvfwbyl is less likely to be on the carpet than yngjw
ykqob is a ant, cwonwa is a dolphin, so cwonwa is less likely to be on the carpet than ykqob
fakndawqaub is a ant, czhaglrrihn is a dolphin, so fakndawqaub is not less likely to be on the carpet than czhaglrrihn
vbx is a ant, sel is a dolphin, so vbx is not less likely to be on the carpet than sel
ikcw is a ant, bxedrlkmdue is a dolphin, so ikcw is not less likely to be on the carpet than bxedrlkmdue
tvghavxvhx is a ant, cqshnexb is a dolphin, so tvghavxvhx is not less likely to be on the carpet than cqshnexb
bpfbqpqxa is a ant, nxwqpuaipfzp is a dolphin, so bpfbqpqxa is not less likely to be on the carpet than nxwqpuaipfzp
ncvhkpuyqixc is a ant, duqkwhnei is a dolphin, so duqkwhnei is not more likely to be on the carpet than ncvhkpuyqixc
vebqx is a ant, efimuvoju is a dolphin, so efimuvoju is not more likely to be on the carpet than vebqx
oozebdcqnq is a ant, mqmrtj is a dolphin, so mqmrtj is not more likely to be on the carpet than oozebdcqnq
xxsprdiitey is a ant, fuly is a dolphin, so fuly is not more likely to be on the carpet than xxsprdiitey
jlsjwjlie is a ant, wgbra is a dolphin, so wgbra is not more likely to be on the carpet than jlsjwjlie
dswbhkdowuoh is a tiger, bbehn is a dolphin, so dswbhkdowuoh is more likely to drink water than bbehn
igplporozmx is a tiger, ogtzamjtua is a dolphin, so igplporozmx is more likely to drink water than ogtzamjtua
dammht is a tiger, ihmta is a dolphin, so dammht is more likely to drink water than ihmta
jmlts is a tiger, igzbcy is a dolphin, so jmlts is more likely to drink water than igzbcy
piiz is a tiger, abtzvotrx is a dolphin, so piiz is more likely to drink water than abtzvotrx
kvaqnpcp is a tiger, owiond is a dolphin, so owiond is less likely to drink water than kvaqnpcp
wsjwb is a tiger, jnahitkuv is a dolphin, so jnahitkuv is less likely to drink water than wsjwb
dqolcnzrf is a tiger, shaocnzjgnoc is a dolphin, so shaocnzjgnoc is less likely to drink water than dqolcnzrf
oiuc is a tiger, ubo is a dolphin, so ubo is less likely to drink water than oiuc
snj is a tiger, prwadfs is a dolphin, so prwadfs is less likely to drink water than snj
yqwarnlnfd is a tiger, zhs is a dolphin, so yqwarnlnfd is not less likely to drink water than zhs
vshvdhnd is a tiger, ubxatoyine is a dolphin, so vshvdhnd is not less likely to drink water than ubxatoyine
fzkb is a tiger, ybzwhkvo is a dolphin, so fzkb is not less likely to drink water than ybzwhkvo
wsyznxjivd is a tiger, vnlzkl is a dolphin, so wsyznxjivd is not less likely to drink water than vnlzkl
bofzbzisnl is a tiger, zclkjgydl is a dolphin, so bofzbzisnl is not less likely to drink water than zclkjgydl
hvxmoblkr is a tiger, ktavg is a dolphin, so ktavg is not more likely to drink water than hvxmoblkr
uuft is a tiger, gsokfv is a dolphin, so gsokfv is not more likely to drink water than uuft
twctp is a tiger, yjfsom is a dolphin, so yjfsom is not more likely to drink water than twctp
lrgenwchs is a tiger, juaaraiwt is a dolphin, so juaaraiwt is not more likely to drink water than lrgenwchs
eqp is a tiger, qxmgkx is a dolphin, so qxmgkx is not more likely to drink water than eqp
xdpbb is a snake, wltmukbh is a seal, so xdpbb is less likely to eat an egg than wltmukbh
vykqefhm is a snake, rarxtpsamjv is a seal, so vykqefhm is less likely to eat an egg than rarxtpsamjv
xqgqgvevss is a snake, uouvwoibe is a seal, so xqgqgvevss is less likely to eat an egg than uouvwoibe
pgkqojiued is a snake, kxwpigtx is a seal, so pgkqojiued is less likely to eat an egg than kxwpigtx
pjnfvqo is a snake, cjjfw is a seal, so pjnfvqo is less likely to eat an egg than cjjfw
hxkwbizmfkuo is a snake, qncgxsqhx is a seal, so qncgxsqhx is less likely to eat an egg than hxkwbizmfkuo
qjecczi is a snake, ofib is a seal, so ofib is less likely to eat an egg than qjecczi
soauircsxeaw is a snake, fkgjqvgi is a seal, so fkgjqvgi is less likely to eat an egg than soauircsxeaw
wgumdhyq is a snake, zpdvouj is a seal, so zpdvouj is less likely to eat an egg than wgumdhyq
caqmgfmd is a snake, kipjf is a seal, so kipjf is less likely to eat an egg than caqmgfmd
sxeovmtsxs is a snake, ptlwkiwj is a seal, so sxeovmtsxs is not less likely to eat an egg than ptlwkiwj
pnvvqcqcsaoy is a snake, uyue is a seal, so pnvvqcqcsaoy is not less likely to eat an egg than uyue
wfx is a snake, wgtdargxaxe is a seal, so wfx is not less likely to eat an egg than wgtdargxaxe
oyzd is a snake, dtgw is a seal, so oyzd is not less likely to eat an egg than dtgw
mcd is a snake, gmzjgrjyv is a seal, so mcd is not less likely to eat an egg than gmzjgrjyv
alasv is a snake, prckzwffzu is a seal, so prckzwffzu is not more likely to eat an egg than alasv
hqqczezbneik is a snake, sfm is a seal, so sfm is not more likely to eat an egg than hqqczezbneik
ynnmkydgy is a snake, otjwdo is a seal, so otjwdo is not more likely to eat an egg than ynnmkydgy
zxbr is a snake, ehm is a seal, so ehm is not more likely to eat an egg than zxbr
uxeiilzhuo is a snake, zndhibenwir is a seal, so zndhibenwir is not more likely to eat an egg than uxeiilzhuo
cptkl is a fish, pdsb is a fox, so cptkl is less likely to be on the market than pdsb
vhytenlk is a fish, vvlpaoydw is a fox, so vhytenlk is less likely to be on the market than vvlpaoydw
dueqdbpz is a fish, mlltjev is a fox, so dueqdbpz is less likely to be on the market than mlltjev
whlwkw is a fish, lxglpxefmu is a fox, so whlwkw is less likely to be on the market than lxglpxefmu
rpznyi is a fish, ueufmk is a fox, so rpznyi is less likely to be on the market than ueufmk
hoybqki is a fish, fsqrgrez is a fox, so fsqrgrez is less likely to be on the market than hoybqki
vfstty is a fish, rbchwr is a fox, so rbchwr is less likely to be on the market than vfstty
ibkpikz is a fish, anm is a fox, so anm is less likely to be on the market than ibkpikz
oftk is a fish, fjrrnl is a fox, so fjrrnl is less likely to be on the market than oftk
leh is a fish, bapgr is a fox, so bapgr is less likely to be on the market than leh
wry is a fish, xbwtlwyqfn is a fox, so wry is not less likely to be on the market than xbwtlwyqfn
myonddpnkq is a fish, qbt is a fox, so myonddpnkq is not less likely to be on the market than qbt
jwprajwbospz is a fish, kbmsww is a fox, so jwprajwbospz is not less likely to be on the market than kbmsww
pafoxol is a fish, iulixwocsg is a fox, so pafoxol is not less likely to be on the market than iulixwocsg
slddyxzhkrob is a fish, defximcvrcn is a fox, so slddyxzhkrob is not less likely to be on the market than defximcvrcn
rnec is a fish, ljdkkfhw is a fox, so ljdkkfhw is not more likely to be on the market than rnec
jpitz is a fish, jnxfjqdijmk is a fox, so jnxfjqdijmk is not more likely to be on the market than jpitz
haq is a fish, yhngprdbcwi is a fox, so yhngprdbcwi is not more likely to be on the market than haq
vteobhzp is a fish, cvbyrx is a fox, so cvbyrx is not more likely to be on the market than vteobhzp
gsrkrvdiu is a fish, gai is a fox, so gai is not more likely to be on the market than gsrkrvdiu
vyxo is a shark, tlea is a kangaroo, so vyxo is more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than tlea
tlt is a shark, lonxddwxrt is a kangaroo, so tlt is more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than lonxddwxrt
lacxpysiebyx is a shark, kzmgdll is a kangaroo, so lacxpysiebyx is more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than kzmgdll
vtnfy is a shark, msoutmcklxu is a kangaroo, so vtnfy is more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than msoutmcklxu
kgzq is a shark, tjl is a kangaroo, so kgzq is more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than tjl
gpckoqvpts is a shark, qidmybnlqd is a kangaroo, so qidmybnlqd is less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than gpckoqvpts
xzhgdvom is a shark, qvyc is a kangaroo, so qvyc is less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than xzhgdvom
fzk is a shark, tiq is a kangaroo, so tiq is less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than fzk
wyyd is a shark, zydhjzgph is a kangaroo, so zydhjzgph is less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than wyyd
nrufmfr is a shark, igreunurr is a kangaroo, so igreunurr is less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than nrufmfr
dxfjtsglcda is a shark, pelezcc is a kangaroo, so dxfjtsglcda is not less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than pelezcc
hzzrjgqecwb is a shark, hlvkwye is a kangaroo, so hzzrjgqecwb is not less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than hlvkwye
qwojxsbn is a shark, yandsvgmyh is a kangaroo, so qwojxsbn is not less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than yandsvgmyh
dxiapr is a shark, wudmkusfr is a kangaroo, so dxiapr is not less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than wudmkusfr
ykcv is a shark, kqonv is a kangaroo, so ykcv is not less likely to be in the gulf of mexico than kqonv
zycu is a shark, dksx is a kangaroo, so dksx is not more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than zycu
lezgpktlpdce is a shark, eaqamvo is a kangaroo, so eaqamvo is not more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than lezgpktlpdce
lld is a shark, oztwxbpyyym is a kangaroo, so oztwxbpyyym is not more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than lld
ccnasinq is a shark, hhn is a kangaroo, so hhn is not more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than ccnasinq
xafnqg is a shark, wcsthitvy is a kangaroo, so wcsthitvy is not more likely to be in the gulf of mexico than xafnqg
rlytnukrj is a monkey, paxbcexqvj is a crocodile, so rlytnukrj is more likely to throw a banana than paxbcexqvj
quafxqrvkune is a monkey, nyxecdwsy is a crocodile, so quafxqrvkune is more likely to throw a banana than nyxecdwsy
cdxtcnhftpqo is a monkey, wwumuzjz is a crocodile, so cdxtcnhftpqo is more likely to throw a banana than wwumuzjz
yecnzalhi is a monkey, kelgamveb is a crocodile, so yecnzalhi is more likely to throw a banana than kelgamveb
ibhouyad is a monkey, dfzjf is a crocodile, so ibhouyad is more likely to throw a banana than dfzjf
dsxpqwannfn is a monkey, hzt is a crocodile, so hzt is more likely to throw a banana than dsxpqwannfn
wpbh is a monkey, nakyzyiv is a crocodile, so nakyzyiv is more likely to throw a banana than wpbh
iovay is a monkey, uidkchlmb is a crocodile, so uidkchlmb is more likely to throw a banana than iovay
ioyku is a monkey, uwcxpgfrk is a crocodile, so uwcxpgfrk is more likely to throw a banana than ioyku
pqsl is a monkey, prap is a crocodile, so prap is more likely to throw a banana than pqsl
fnt is a monkey, mdlqs is a crocodile, so fnt is not less likely to throw a banana than mdlqs
zriordll is a monkey, bmb is a crocodile, so zriordll is not less likely to throw a banana than bmb
zzvdclje is a monkey, zcrvmyuuxy is a crocodile, so zzvdclje is not less likely to throw a banana than zcrvmyuuxy
zome is a monkey, zlwdpjjozxka is a crocodile, so zome is not less likely to throw a banana than zlwdpjjozxka
whzqiuh is a monkey, vircsahqtc is a crocodile, so whzqiuh is not less likely to throw a banana than vircsahqtc
hndk is a monkey, webf is a crocodile, so webf is not more likely to throw a banana than hndk
jdm is a monkey, yilxpoqcpuvm is a crocodile, so yilxpoqcpuvm is not more likely to throw a banana than jdm
cpwgfhujp is a monkey, alrv is a crocodile, so alrv is not more likely to throw a banana than cpwgfhujp
gneg is a monkey, rjtqtg is a crocodile, so rjtqtg is not more likely to throw a banana than gneg
nhtencvf is a monkey, cmmlm is a crocodile, so cmmlm is not more likely to throw a banana than nhtencvf
fkjtfe is a snake, aqkjyhxwrqi is a giraffe, so fkjtfe is more likely to be rude than aqkjyhxwrqi
tkdoxbwuddw is a snake, nhqmlmltym is a giraffe, so tkdoxbwuddw is more likely to be rude than nhqmlmltym
gjgqi is a snake, seb is a giraffe, so gjgqi is more likely to be rude than seb
haofk is a snake, ijpbogv is a giraffe, so haofk is more likely to be rude than ijpbogv
lxfeh is a snake, ola is a giraffe, so lxfeh is more likely to be rude than ola
elytmavt is a snake, nulhyh is a giraffe, so nulhyh is less likely to be rude than elytmavt
nebfchnjctx is a snake, wxhlwhpdat is a giraffe, so wxhlwhpdat is less likely to be rude than nebfchnjctx
qcnpaqgy is a snake, nguzbask is a giraffe, so nguzbask is less likely to be rude than qcnpaqgy
ghptnynwmrez is a snake, szqyr is a giraffe, so szqyr is less likely to be rude than ghptnynwmrez
tlmfkefv is a snake, oicwetyzfrj is a giraffe, so oicwetyzfrj is less likely to be rude than tlmfkefv
kmlyqop is a snake, opunqfeshqjc is a giraffe, so kmlyqop is not less likely to be rude than opunqfeshqjc
namn is a snake, cekecrurypk is a giraffe, so namn is not less likely to be rude than cekecrurypk
ggbywdt is a snake, qbjyqp is a giraffe, so ggbywdt is not less likely to be rude than qbjyqp
bptaiuuglsk is a snake, wxhcdmvvjhyz is a giraffe, so bptaiuuglsk is not less likely to be rude than wxhcdmvvjhyz
zcsjclgzhx is a snake, ybiecov is a giraffe, so zcsjclgzhx is not less likely to be rude than ybiecov
djkdsal is a snake, ozoszlmwe is a giraffe, so ozoszlmwe is not more likely to be rude than djkdsal
iagzqkgnbs is a snake, pqanybp is a giraffe, so pqanybp is not more likely to be rude than iagzqkgnbs
lhipgp is a snake, wdkhu is a giraffe, so wdkhu is not more likely to be rude than lhipgp
cieo is a snake, tur is a giraffe, so tur is not more likely to be rude than cieo
gpfrlq is a snake, aaxxzmfltlje is a giraffe, so aaxxzmfltlje is not more likely to be rude than gpfrlq
hwqvjtdilu is a kangaroo, wimskt is a monkey, so hwqvjtdilu is less likely to jump over rocks than wimskt
waug is a kangaroo, jxymqkvixl is a monkey, so waug is less likely to jump over rocks than jxymqkvixl
jwgvlsmw is a kangaroo, sxgzouaeagd is a monkey, so jwgvlsmw is less likely to jump over rocks than sxgzouaeagd
mev is a kangaroo, nssbpnjyx is a monkey, so mev is less likely to jump over rocks than nssbpnjyx
zofstjxqb is a kangaroo, ybmzpoovp is a monkey, so zofstjxqb is less likely to jump over rocks than ybmzpoovp
krvoeq is a kangaroo, goe is a monkey, so goe is less likely to jump over rocks than krvoeq
pztymolt is a kangaroo, ici is a monkey, so ici is less likely to jump over rocks than pztymolt
gplx is a kangaroo, uxhkyy is a monkey, so uxhkyy is less likely to jump over rocks than gplx
fkehegspep is a kangaroo, ufywlq is a monkey, so ufywlq is less likely to jump over rocks than fkehegspep
wjcugdxda is a kangaroo, mxbn is a monkey, so mxbn is less likely to jump over rocks than wjcugdxda
cbejwyhkbzbo is a kangaroo, abowzgebkdb is a monkey, so cbejwyhkbzbo is not less likely to jump over rocks than abowzgebkdb
hmloiapehw is a kangaroo, amxxe is a monkey, so hmloiapehw is not less likely to jump over rocks than amxxe
vljqjkaohr is a kangaroo, gthqn is a monkey, so vljqjkaohr is not less likely to jump over rocks than gthqn
exbpnydb is a kangaroo, mpir is a monkey, so exbpnydb is not less likely to jump over rocks than mpir
ethgaabrjen is a kangaroo, mnx is a monkey, so ethgaabrjen is not less likely to jump over rocks than mnx
fqtsnnce is a kangaroo, inouz is a monkey, so inouz is not more likely to jump over rocks than fqtsnnce
rgpcllqz is a kangaroo, qcfpqdhsy is a monkey, so qcfpqdhsy is not more likely to jump over rocks than rgpcllqz
ozorscuborma is a kangaroo, rbtdtnfdsc is a monkey, so rbtdtnfdsc is not more likely to jump over rocks than ozorscuborma
hqlycvju is a kangaroo, zqda is a monkey, so zqda is not more likely to jump over rocks than hqlycvju
vrgffdto is a kangaroo, mjbpf is a monkey, so mjbpf is not more likely to jump over rocks than vrgffdto
jkvdyd is a bird, xscnbkzdy is a cow, so jkvdyd is less likely to be in the air than xscnbkzdy
dglznouptwt is a bird, gzv is a cow, so dglznouptwt is less likely to be in the air than gzv
eyfnofj is a bird, crypv is a cow, so eyfnofj is less likely to be in the air than crypv
hblqtzffcqpu is a bird, xefveksuvsvk is a cow, so hblqtzffcqpu is less likely to be in the air than xefveksuvsvk
groeynedttr is a bird, qfckrad is a cow, so groeynedttr is less likely to be in the air than qfckrad
vmf is a bird, jjfiwag is a cow, so jjfiwag is less likely to be in the air than vmf
tll is a bird, psnkg is a cow, so psnkg is less likely to be in the air than tll
yznsro is a bird, ogkm is a cow, so ogkm is less likely to be in the air than yznsro
qkj is a bird, ufmmewvzhqgx is a cow, so ufmmewvzhqgx is less likely to be in the air than qkj
zebqcimwdmk is a bird, jgut is a cow, so jgut is less likely to be in the air than zebqcimwdmk
nkxazjzd is a bird, mmanbusmbv is a cow, so nkxazjzd is not less likely to be in the air than mmanbusmbv
pzirymv is a bird, btr is a cow, so pzirymv is not less likely to be in the air than btr
lzsrfdzjutx is a bird, ptylyvdqog is a cow, so lzsrfdzjutx is not less likely to be in the air than ptylyvdqog
ueaanuawcu is a bird, mumpsfwwkl is a cow, so ueaanuawcu is not less likely to be in the air than mumpsfwwkl
hewba is a bird, gss is a cow, so hewba is not less likely to be in the air than gss
wdfztsd is a bird, tvqrovdtay is a cow, so tvqrovdtay is not more likely to be in the air than wdfztsd
swmkisdd is a bird, axgmtb is a cow, so axgmtb is not more likely to be in the air than swmkisdd
sysqoym is a bird, otoo is a cow, so otoo is not more likely to be in the air than sysqoym
fahwfzvztxf is a bird, dsgrbvrniq is a cow, so dsgrbvrniq is not more likely to be in the air than fahwfzvztxf
egxaujfnj is a bird, vmy is a cow, so vmy is not more likely to be in the air than egxaujfnj
zwhucoo is a lion, yrpnjef is a pig, so zwhucoo is more likely to roar than yrpnjef
lizcpsosew is a lion, wahnxxsmk is a pig, so lizcpsosew is more likely to roar than wahnxxsmk
ecoy is a lion, btzxyhbylw is a pig, so ecoy is more likely to roar than btzxyhbylw
cjzzde is a lion, nnqff is a pig, so cjzzde is more likely to roar than nnqff
zvwohwwwhsm is a lion, srfnfiecrbnx is a pig, so zvwohwwwhsm is more likely to roar than srfnfiecrbnx
whekknfz is a lion, rffoxnlimbzv is a pig, so rffoxnlimbzv is less likely to roar than whekknfz
xyj is a lion, qpf is a pig, so qpf is less likely to roar than xyj
smybykphzkd is a lion, qytmpxzvgwps is a pig, so qytmpxzvgwps is less likely to roar than smybykphzkd
okqkhhi is a lion, lbojouxsu is a pig, so lbojouxsu is less likely to roar than okqkhhi
gst is a lion, biohomadhn is a pig, so biohomadhn is less likely to roar than gst
czm is a lion, pxwpdpyxil is a pig, so czm is not less likely to roar than pxwpdpyxil
noamgyjgqoa is a lion, issgw is a pig, so noamgyjgqoa is not less likely to roar than issgw
jpiobdnr is a lion, bquvjcpknqla is a pig, so jpiobdnr is not less likely to roar than bquvjcpknqla
kvnotk is a lion, xna is a pig, so kvnotk is not less likely to roar than xna
nmyjw is a lion, sdqhkl is a pig, so nmyjw is not less likely to roar than sdqhkl
qytqsvc is a lion, llikvfdo is a pig, so llikvfdo is not more likely to roar than qytqsvc
gjpuv is a lion, fommapwgde is a pig, so fommapwgde is not more likely to roar than gjpuv
drd is a lion, nmdfmvrwaju is a pig, so nmdfmvrwaju is not more likely to roar than drd
xjjdn is a lion, tljr is a pig, so tljr is not more likely to roar than xjjdn
dfhlbrjldhqd is a lion, hfzfrpdfxav is a pig, so hfzfrpdfxav is not more likely to roar than dfhlbrjldhqd
iqm is a cow, jiuqsmibpio is a tiger, so iqm is more low for her calf than jiuqsmibpio
aed is a cow, mtgngmci is a tiger, so aed is more low for her calf than mtgngmci
fsmjehzz is a cow, hswkunaekphz is a tiger, so fsmjehzz is more low for her calf than hswkunaekphz
kyrswgwco is a cow, rcimcsmtpisn is a tiger, so kyrswgwco is more low for her calf than rcimcsmtpisn
bceoxqtffin is a cow, lbfroecu is a tiger, so bceoxqtffin is more low for her calf than lbfroecu
mxknqo is a cow, gyqujr is a tiger, so gyqujr is less low for her calf than mxknqo
tcbeapnvapcc is a cow, lkrrfokyjlmi is a tiger, so lkrrfokyjlmi is less low for her calf than tcbeapnvapcc
bjfm is a cow, tdhkjh is a tiger, so tdhkjh is less low for her calf than bjfm
uqvjbubmp is a cow, ydcdv is a tiger, so ydcdv is less low for her calf than uqvjbubmp
wypt is a cow, qcipalphel is a tiger, so qcipalphel is less low for her calf than wypt
jzdblcoexrs is a cow, xbzujurk is a tiger, so jzdblcoexrs is not less low for her calf than xbzujurk
tjzfg is a cow, sehk is a tiger, so tjzfg is not less low for her calf than sehk
mphedcflff is a cow, gucxcjd is a tiger, so mphedcflff is not less low for her calf than gucxcjd
hefre is a cow, sgwfktow is a tiger, so hefre is not less low for her calf than sgwfktow
whkuywdtwy is a cow, xzwsmiaud is a tiger, so whkuywdtwy is not less low for her calf than xzwsmiaud
uuahhjqx is a cow, onyabcdroal is a tiger, so onyabcdroal is not more low for her calf than uuahhjqx
qfjsanol is a cow, llfm is a tiger, so llfm is not more low for her calf than qfjsanol
jwnfftf is a cow, cllzgvcebdj is a tiger, so cllzgvcebdj is not more low for her calf than jwnfftf
yhnxilj is a cow, mslrvrynvne is a tiger, so mslrvrynvne is not more low for her calf than yhnxilj
dlkkyhcfyjms is a cow, yafaiay is a tiger, so yafaiay is not more low for her calf than dlkkyhcfyjms
oido is a shark, uelrw is a duck, so oido is more likely to be in the ocean than uelrw
jsf is a shark, hks is a duck, so jsf is more likely to be in the ocean than hks
ozzp is a shark, lqgygtpzjf is a duck, so ozzp is more likely to be in the ocean than lqgygtpzjf
vkcuwa is a shark, lksigl is a duck, so vkcuwa is more likely to be in the ocean than lksigl
zysajjg is a shark, dlusembiwkxo is a duck, so zysajjg is more likely to be in the ocean than dlusembiwkxo
kvfv is a shark, zeuoc is a duck, so zeuoc is less likely to be in the ocean than kvfv
kxfyatfg is a shark, vsyhwgeio is a duck, so vsyhwgeio is less likely to be in the ocean than kxfyatfg
mqapqu is a shark, pmgiiztlinj is a duck, so pmgiiztlinj is less likely to be in the ocean than mqapqu
kssnkp is a shark, bnsuid is a duck, so bnsuid is less likely to be in the ocean than kssnkp
uzelywtckzgf is a shark, efzyegr is a duck, so efzyegr is less likely to be in the ocean than uzelywtckzgf
wsezem is a shark, ulow is a duck, so wsezem is not less likely to be in the ocean than ulow
tdzpluw is a shark, jqygwgvuvjgt is a duck, so tdzpluw is not less likely to be in the ocean than jqygwgvuvjgt
zdg is a shark, xancijbshqi is a duck, so zdg is not less likely to be in the ocean than xancijbshqi
hqs is a shark, zwjq is a duck, so hqs is not less likely to be in the ocean than zwjq
ncppfbgdpndl is a shark, somqn is a duck, so ncppfbgdpndl is not less likely to be in the ocean than somqn
ajsjszpwnw is a shark, qyofwocdh is a duck, so qyofwocdh is not more likely to be in the ocean than ajsjszpwnw
bubpmr is a shark, jkxmaorgccex is a duck, so jkxmaorgccex is not more likely to be in the ocean than bubpmr
lgfkqxq is a shark, mczkv is a duck, so mczkv is not more likely to be in the ocean than lgfkqxq
fis is a shark, jwbrmdi is a duck, so jwbrmdi is not more likely to be in the ocean than fis
nggfsb is a shark, vlxloncohql is a duck, so vlxloncohql is not more likely to be in the ocean than nggfsb
codmxncfetu is a alligator, jesrcbut is a monkey, so codmxncfetu is more likely to be in a swamp than jesrcbut
ibg is a alligator, seqfkyqyxbwo is a monkey, so ibg is more likely to be in a swamp than seqfkyqyxbwo
fbaqyvn is a alligator, iacurwmcgr is a monkey, so fbaqyvn is more likely to be in a swamp than iacurwmcgr
sdurq is a alligator, ejsadllpba is a monkey, so sdurq is more likely to be in a swamp than ejsadllpba
ibcmdavqqkx is a alligator, icqcqvdtpj is a monkey, so ibcmdavqqkx is more likely to be in a swamp than icqcqvdtpj
nwxffwyt is a alligator, vdusmna is a monkey, so vdusmna is less likely to be in a swamp than nwxffwyt
nfx is a alligator, sorjbpkoov is a monkey, so sorjbpkoov is less likely to be in a swamp than nfx
jdoqmr is a alligator, mtyv is a monkey, so mtyv is less likely to be in a swamp than jdoqmr
ufrhrijsx is a alligator, bniehmfzqncd is a monkey, so bniehmfzqncd is less likely to be in a swamp than ufrhrijsx
zxgtk is a alligator, jpxjaneslwls is a monkey, so jpxjaneslwls is less likely to be in a swamp than zxgtk
tia is a alligator, pvvwnrokka is a monkey, so tia is not less likely to be in a swamp than pvvwnrokka
ieuozhejing is a alligator, jmnveqq is a monkey, so ieuozhejing is not less likely to be in a swamp than jmnveqq
izelgbd is a alligator, wngd is a monkey, so izelgbd is not less likely to be in a swamp than wngd
cxqahhfeyv is a alligator, daxflkqcit is a monkey, so cxqahhfeyv is not less likely to be in a swamp than daxflkqcit
ioony is a alligator, rizvxxpwud is a monkey, so ioony is not less likely to be in a swamp than rizvxxpwud
lcwayia is a alligator, hmamv is a monkey, so hmamv is not more likely to be in a swamp than lcwayia
ewhuutfg is a alligator, ngjssrukxpcs is a monkey, so ngjssrukxpcs is not more likely to be in a swamp than ewhuutfg
eiyxvvamge is a alligator, ykl is a monkey, so ykl is not more likely to be in a swamp than eiyxvvamge
vpy is a alligator, bdcmqrfxj is a monkey, so bdcmqrfxj is not more likely to be in a swamp than vpy
vovxs is a alligator, rkqnq is a monkey, so rkqnq is not more likely to be in a swamp than vovxs
uipaadk is a squirrel, uafessnopiik is a panda, so uipaadk is more likely to be on a street than uafessnopiik
peif is a squirrel, idkxqxyuaojy is a panda, so peif is more likely to be on a street than idkxqxyuaojy
xzfybivjcowl is a squirrel, nbb is a panda, so xzfybivjcowl is more likely to be on a street than nbb
cloueieg is a squirrel, wefpblf is a panda, so cloueieg is more likely to be on a street than wefpblf
actjgdzbvcy is a squirrel, ikiuautfgnnj is a panda, so actjgdzbvcy is more likely to be on a street than ikiuautfgnnj
yqukw is a squirrel, paobtkwvrav is a panda, so paobtkwvrav is less likely to be on a street than yqukw
pzdvb is a squirrel, gnqjfcnzmk is a panda, so gnqjfcnzmk is less likely to be on a street than pzdvb
quvocuq is a squirrel, vwgyzzie is a panda, so vwgyzzie is less likely to be on a street than quvocuq
dykbqzupks is a squirrel, pseqa is a panda, so pseqa is less likely to be on a street than dykbqzupks
xjsdirio is a squirrel, zts is a panda, so zts is less likely to be on a street than xjsdirio
avlkoujs is a squirrel, gem is a panda, so avlkoujs is not less likely to be on a street than gem
pslhxac is a squirrel, xfozjfxhxtym is a panda, so pslhxac is not less likely to be on a street than xfozjfxhxtym
drbliyvtchl is a squirrel, jcoeaafbjba is a panda, so drbliyvtchl is not less likely to be on a street than jcoeaafbjba
bckl is a squirrel, ffnmyof is a panda, so bckl is not less likely to be on a street than ffnmyof
evicyqa is a squirrel, zyhy is a panda, so evicyqa is not less likely to be on a street than zyhy
hwoj is a squirrel, tywnkj is a panda, so tywnkj is not more likely to be on a street than hwoj
zfdayvmr is a squirrel, fnuzsppgyi is a panda, so fnuzsppgyi is not more likely to be on a street than zfdayvmr
ihlwyz is a squirrel, ffsx is a panda, so ffsx is not more likely to be on a street than ihlwyz
vrpplqrytc is a squirrel, fnwysayxric is a panda, so fnwysayxric is not more likely to be on a street than vrpplqrytc
ofmqaymxo is a squirrel, tpmptymaysr is a panda, so tpmptymaysr is not more likely to be on a street than ofmqaymxo
sjhwcdl is a wolf, vuyrm is a lobster, so sjhwcdl is more likely to be in a forest than vuyrm
jetyw is a wolf, qpmcvgw is a lobster, so jetyw is more likely to be in a forest than qpmcvgw
bcohywdycjxq is a wolf, tigeesonc is a lobster, so bcohywdycjxq is more likely to be in a forest than tigeesonc
sfrf is a wolf, omdtmgcqnt is a lobster, so sfrf is more likely to be in a forest than omdtmgcqnt
bbuoxfqtvlx is a wolf, gtuvl is a lobster, so bbuoxfqtvlx is more likely to be in a forest than gtuvl
wheakxlcth is a wolf, iewlulvbvm is a lobster, so iewlulvbvm is less likely to be in a forest than wheakxlcth
opxiiodcu is a wolf, svsmq is a lobster, so svsmq is less likely to be in a forest than opxiiodcu
aaoiusml is a wolf, xmbhetlpp is a lobster, so xmbhetlpp is less likely to be in a forest than aaoiusml
fncp is a wolf, inrtbdg is a lobster, so inrtbdg is less likely to be in a forest than fncp
rtb is a wolf, pntvdir is a lobster, so pntvdir is less likely to be in a forest than rtb
tnwxfmmei is a wolf, fkmzgdmt is a lobster, so tnwxfmmei is not less likely to be in a forest than fkmzgdmt
ruwiomea is a wolf, igkaxa is a lobster, so ruwiomea is not less likely to be in a forest than igkaxa
lpocyafuc is a wolf, ggix is a lobster, so lpocyafuc is not less likely to be in a forest than ggix
fug is a wolf, snz is a lobster, so fug is not less likely to be in a forest than snz
ubcnsxgtscue is a wolf, nfsu is a lobster, so ubcnsxgtscue is not less likely to be in a forest than nfsu
pxgddkb is a wolf, ekrprsopazxu is a lobster, so ekrprsopazxu is not more likely to be in a forest than pxgddkb
dswqygvri is a wolf, toijrem is a lobster, so toijrem is not more likely to be in a forest than dswqygvri
kzmz is a wolf, jsxqgzii is a lobster, so jsxqgzii is not more likely to be in a forest than kzmz
rufaumdswjmr is a wolf, qqvpmi is a lobster, so qqvpmi is not more likely to be in a forest than rufaumdswjmr
jzgvqavl is a wolf, tvfgkam is a lobster, so tvfgkam is not more likely to be in a forest than jzgvqavl
pwk is a lion, kxieuwgg is a owl, so pwk is less likely to be on the veldt than kxieuwgg
txnhkjqyu is a lion, ohpc is a owl, so txnhkjqyu is less likely to be on the veldt than ohpc
jsf is a lion, mhrpccmecvt is a owl, so jsf is less likely to be on the veldt than mhrpccmecvt
njlqcnoyo is a lion, bzssfwloa is a owl, so njlqcnoyo is less likely to be on the veldt than bzssfwloa
tblkkflcxtu is a lion, phxq is a owl, so tblkkflcxtu is less likely to be on the veldt than phxq
nobcv is a lion, kzbic is a owl, so kzbic is less likely to be in the veldt than nobcv
kgghc is a lion, gykmdem is a owl, so gykmdem is less likely to be in the veldt than kgghc
fjvm is a lion, mxhdnmhq is a owl, so mxhdnmhq is less likely to be in the veldt than fjvm
gdattlyybrv is a lion, jjvuzqchszrl is a owl, so jjvuzqchszrl is less likely to be in the veldt than gdattlyybrv
nnwtxay is a lion, qbpxiobzzw is a owl, so qbpxiobzzw is less likely to be in the veldt than nnwtxay
knithztrophq is a lion, bkkqjjf is a owl, so knithztrophq is not less likely to be in the veld than bkkqjjf
xoanjftoykzm is a lion, pgqfkufg is a owl, so xoanjftoykzm is not less likely to be in the veld than pgqfkufg
wepwmhdl is a lion, mzp is a owl, so wepwmhdl is not less likely to be in the veld than mzp
lwqbgxlxb is a lion, fpyhuzmaivby is a owl, so lwqbgxlxb is not less likely to be in the veld than fpyhuzmaivby
xfdqvrwhiu is a lion, erwbmdf is a owl, so xfdqvrwhiu is not less likely to be in the veld than erwbmdf
rmgmdqtepdw is a lion, cmaffklese is a owl, so cmaffklese is not more likely to be in the veld than rmgmdqtepdw
qdyckssuphfp is a lion, iit is a owl, so iit is not more likely to be in the veld than qdyckssuphfp
ooburpmgu is a lion, dffgts is a owl, so dffgts is not more likely to be in the veld than ooburpmgu
dsng is a lion, rkuahlggv is a owl, so rkuahlggv is not more likely to be in the veld than dsng
zmgfw is a lion, iifndetqmn is a owl, so iifndetqmn is not more likely to be in the veld than zmgfw
glcvgjn is a squirrel, xcbyoej is a crocodile, so glcvgjn is more likely to be in the yard than xcbyoej
fuzkfpuw is a squirrel, tovlqjvctp is a crocodile, so fuzkfpuw is more likely to be in the yard than tovlqjvctp
vmir is a squirrel, kcq is a crocodile, so vmir is more likely to be in the yard than kcq
rbvtsjz is a squirrel, kydjtq is a crocodile, so rbvtsjz is more likely to be in the yard than kydjtq
bcgyqiwlwqv is a squirrel, erv is a crocodile, so bcgyqiwlwqv is more likely to be in the yard than erv
ugva is a squirrel, sxmio is a crocodile, so sxmio is less likely to be in the yard than ugva
wetwae is a squirrel, isubbl is a crocodile, so isubbl is less likely to be in the yard than wetwae
upydwgwzbh is a squirrel, fyikzidh is a crocodile, so fyikzidh is less likely to be in the yard than upydwgwzbh
ggcelhe is a squirrel, vxnngngt is a crocodile, so vxnngngt is less likely to be in the yard than ggcelhe
ubjx is a squirrel, afuzsjgloc is a crocodile, so afuzsjgloc is less likely to be in the yard than ubjx
mjk is a squirrel, mymzdagajz is a crocodile, so mjk is not more likely to be in the yard than mymzdagajz
lhxgdcf is a squirrel, qvbgtlxo is a crocodile, so lhxgdcf is not more likely to be in the yard than qvbgtlxo
itdjicub is a squirrel, rtbrthq is a crocodile, so itdjicub is not more likely to be in the yard than rtbrthq
jhldqflkb is a squirrel, xkdzzqde is a crocodile, so jhldqflkb is not more likely to be in the yard than xkdzzqde
jrqtcpw is a squirrel, htnllhch is a crocodile, so jrqtcpw is not more likely to be in the yard than htnllhch
kds is a squirrel, spj is a crocodile, so spj is not more likely to be in the yard than kds
csdh is a squirrel, kdyf is a crocodile, so kdyf is not more likely to be in the yard than csdh
wkpawripen is a squirrel, czea is a crocodile, so czea is not more likely to be in the yard than wkpawripen
rimngqisdbdu is a squirrel, fygj is a crocodile, so fygj is not more likely to be in the yard than rimngqisdbdu
olucgoncgpj is a squirrel, cnnurqdvfrjd is a crocodile, so cnnurqdvfrjd is not more likely to be in the yard than olucgoncgpj
xppmkeicdn is a owl, cbovjdma is a alligator, so xppmkeicdn is less likely to rest during the day than cbovjdma
eonxfayjjlq is a owl, tks is a alligator, so eonxfayjjlq is less likely to rest during the day than tks
binly is a owl, iwjoijc is a alligator, so binly is less likely to rest during the day than iwjoijc
elrcjjedk is a owl, feaxkcz is a alligator, so elrcjjedk is less likely to rest during the day than feaxkcz
tfz is a owl, olzwvnbf is a alligator, so tfz is less likely to rest during the day than olzwvnbf
lsxcaxii is a owl, bgrrgnvo is a alligator, so bgrrgnvo is less likely to rest during the day than lsxcaxii
maumizssbcz is a owl, iugl is a alligator, so iugl is less likely to rest during the day than maumizssbcz
mfpboyzm is a owl, kgs is a alligator, so kgs is less likely to rest during the day than mfpboyzm
ikvgbe is a owl, kcfinx is a alligator, so kcfinx is less likely to rest during the day than ikvgbe
egquling is a owl, qdbjqau is a alligator, so qdbjqau is less likely to rest during the day than egquling
bmr is a owl, nuief is a alligator, so bmr is not less likely to rest during the day than nuief
bbfwyvnrrpc is a owl, jfwrmvkohrt is a alligator, so bbfwyvnrrpc is not less likely to rest during the day than jfwrmvkohrt
gfrdtqvwerl is a owl, oyeyhmhnbjde is a alligator, so gfrdtqvwerl is not less likely to rest during the day than oyeyhmhnbjde
plqq is a owl, kmgpjyel is a alligator, so plqq is not less likely to rest during the day than kmgpjyel
ciqht is a owl, cwxk is a alligator, so ciqht is not less likely to rest during the day than cwxk
xlb is a owl, zrurzt is a alligator, so zrurzt is not more likely to rest during the day than xlb
fyafrgirtw is a owl, igxaubb is a alligator, so igxaubb is not more likely to rest during the day than fyafrgirtw
pczjkzw is a owl, ayzlqqzfww is a alligator, so ayzlqqzfww is not more likely to rest during the day than pczjkzw
vpbzb is a owl, oslslpggiwgj is a alligator, so oslslpggiwgj is not more likely to rest during the day than vpbzb
plzgzrluuvzk is a owl, fnnznezm is a alligator, so fnnznezm is not more likely to rest during the day than plzgzrluuvzk
nkuqij is a rabbit, ulqoypvnkx is a scorpion, so nkuqij is less likely to bite your hand than ulqoypvnkx
zjnr is a rabbit, ges is a scorpion, so zjnr is less likely to bite your hand than ges
ymwbdvpnbll is a rabbit, ruzoicsqocyr is a scorpion, so ymwbdvpnbll is less likely to bite your hand than ruzoicsqocyr
mrwvua is a rabbit, smztwhksjcuq is a scorpion, so mrwvua is less likely to bite your hand than smztwhksjcuq
vchwxjlf is a rabbit, hdnbsmroa is a scorpion, so vchwxjlf is less likely to bite your hand than hdnbsmroa
asnb is a rabbit, aoznl is a scorpion, so aoznl is less likely to bite your hand than asnb
ormanlvvjlex is a rabbit, enlvsch is a scorpion, so enlvsch is less likely to bite your hand than ormanlvvjlex
frhcdjyoqxe is a rabbit, rvplz is a scorpion, so rvplz is less likely to bite your hand than frhcdjyoqxe
crgedqjtnjt is a rabbit, ecjdvhkorq is a scorpion, so ecjdvhkorq is less likely to bite your hand than crgedqjtnjt
uucxmaqv is a rabbit, slgf is a scorpion, so slgf is less likely to bite your hand than uucxmaqv
dastc is a rabbit, baq is a scorpion, so dastc is not less likely to bite your hand than baq
empdmgfuulo is a rabbit, tzwazb is a scorpion, so empdmgfuulo is not less likely to bite your hand than tzwazb
blwmgrauori is a rabbit, zyvunkqj is a scorpion, so blwmgrauori is not less likely to bite your hand than zyvunkqj
zbvibbq is a rabbit, ihhu is a scorpion, so zbvibbq is not less likely to bite your hand than ihhu
ekusw is a rabbit, ile is a scorpion, so ekusw is not less likely to bite your hand than ile
rrfebconsu is a rabbit, saerneyekm is a scorpion, so saerneyekm is not more likely to bite your hand than rrfebconsu
wnnwyop is a rabbit, qocinuvp is a scorpion, so qocinuvp is not more likely to bite your hand than wnnwyop
prrsromoxcg is a rabbit, iyutvkezn is a scorpion, so iyutvkezn is not more likely to bite your hand than prrsromoxcg
ainjakhuaqi is a rabbit, yqyxumnmioiv is a scorpion, so yqyxumnmioiv is not more likely to bite your hand than ainjakhuaqi
ffzyhab is a rabbit, danagvhaqtj is a scorpion, so danagvhaqtj is not more likely to bite your hand than ffzyhab
crlmbkbkcgcu is a bear, wjydrpb is a alligator, so crlmbkbkcgcu is more likely to swim than wjydrpb
frxhhhxshhy is a bear, hkuxknhevjj is a alligator, so frxhhhxshhy is more likely to swim than hkuxknhevjj
kkqegdyc is a bear, fhx is a alligator, so kkqegdyc is more likely to swim than fhx
hwasd is a bear, ciiavsr is a alligator, so hwasd is more likely to swim than ciiavsr
xyuoobplzkg is a bear, suykslnum is a alligator, so xyuoobplzkg is more likely to swim than suykslnum
ipqiwhmfip is a bear, tfdtn is a alligator, so tfdtn is less likely to swim than ipqiwhmfip
kjbzrkzbexnt is a bear, otr is a alligator, so otr is less likely to swim than kjbzrkzbexnt
nayhhe is a bear, sdv is a alligator, so sdv is less likely to swim than nayhhe
ijcpoucn is a bear, jvglrbzhaz is a alligator, so jvglrbzhaz is less likely to swim than ijcpoucn
uuaxng is a bear, sckhzquwrmf is a alligator, so sckhzquwrmf is less likely to swim than uuaxng
dmgpwikxezrh is a bear, tpwj is a alligator, so dmgpwikxezrh is not less likely to swim than tpwj
xkowlxynbjrn is a bear, kch is a alligator, so xkowlxynbjrn is not less likely to swim than kch
dhuhpgzcmg is a bear, uburvqxq is a alligator, so dhuhpgzcmg is not less likely to swim than uburvqxq
zkjuqzzau is a bear, exnliefajvu is a alligator, so zkjuqzzau is not less likely to swim than exnliefajvu
ysuaqf is a bear, zqqxbhqjdxg is a alligator, so ysuaqf is not less likely to swim than zqqxbhqjdxg
ssnks is a bear, ixoif is a alligator, so ixoif is not more likely to swim than ssnks
semmrj is a bear, mrkkbfc is a alligator, so mrkkbfc is not more likely to swim than semmrj
ofwfyhv is a bear, jrjndlfnjq is a alligator, so jrjndlfnjq is not more likely to swim than ofwfyhv
ypa is a bear, fyfdnzjanp is a alligator, so fyfdnzjanp is not more likely to swim than ypa
nryrdxzoiesc is a bear, wismklxfmzgw is a alligator, so wismklxfmzgw is not more likely to swim than nryrdxzoiesc
anvmmt is a monkey, pltty is a snail, so anvmmt is more likely to move from one tree to another than pltty
iuejibvfzlza is a monkey, zqlcu is a snail, so iuejibvfzlza is more likely to move from one tree to another than zqlcu
ama is a monkey, rvvxkqvez is a snail, so ama is more likely to move from one tree to another than rvvxkqvez
xrhhgt is a monkey, utyvujswcbdi is a snail, so xrhhgt is more likely to move from one tree to another than utyvujswcbdi
swvyqsb is a monkey, genvo is a snail, so swvyqsb is more likely to move from one tree to another than genvo
gbahaeic is a monkey, pec is a snail, so pec is less likely to move from one tree to another than gbahaeic
wnjmxtxcgvuk is a monkey, eaxriqb is a snail, so eaxriqb is less likely to move from one tree to another than wnjmxtxcgvuk
qvxkevhflsc is a monkey, wereoqewewrl is a snail, so wereoqewewrl is less likely to move from one tree to another than qvxkevhflsc
rxmydxx is a monkey, exlsidjwu is a snail, so exlsidjwu is less likely to move from one tree to another than rxmydxx
janpkmflgi is a monkey, mygoueafw is a snail, so mygoueafw is less likely to move from one tree to another than janpkmflgi
tirdtg is a monkey, aoknlms is a snail, so tirdtg is not less likely to move from one tree to another than aoknlms
qbrozi is a monkey, wvrqmappk is a snail, so qbrozi is not less likely to move from one tree to another than wvrqmappk
nxbxmzzyoilx is a monkey, bqlnrt is a snail, so nxbxmzzyoilx is not less likely to move from one tree to another than bqlnrt
qzvscfksycmk is a monkey, fbnpevlrty is a snail, so qzvscfksycmk is not less likely to move from one tree to another than fbnpevlrty
wgvu is a monkey, kqggwvokjd is a snail, so wgvu is not less likely to move from one tree to another than kqggwvokjd
wqvuhpcwmkb is a monkey, qovfgejvax is a snail, so qovfgejvax is not more likely to move from one tree to another than wqvuhpcwmkb
yxaoow is a monkey, jkvwx is a snail, so jkvwx is not more likely to move from one tree to another than yxaoow
ctoursp is a monkey, pkxhnxzplmw is a snail, so pkxhnxzplmw is not more likely to move from one tree to another than ctoursp
kpnixmlfv is a monkey, tve is a snail, so tve is not more likely to move from one tree to another than kpnixmlfv
swrvxu is a monkey, syrfnuiuylx is a snail, so syrfnuiuylx is not more likely to move from one tree to another than swrvxu
iwb is a squirrel, dtzfrmha is a eagle, so iwb is more likely to be in a park than dtzfrmha
xyveigdqo is a squirrel, oxfemdyvijbg is a eagle, so xyveigdqo is more likely to be in a park than oxfemdyvijbg
iitcyoln is a squirrel, bjqgizeomur is a eagle, so iitcyoln is more likely to be in a park than bjqgizeomur
gxllqpzdy is a squirrel, mnsfivbyridj is a eagle, so gxllqpzdy is more likely to be in a park than mnsfivbyridj
mvdgcmdhj is a squirrel, mbl is a eagle, so mvdgcmdhj is more likely to be in a park than mbl
wetuviu is a squirrel, ouu is a eagle, so ouu is less likely to be in a park than wetuviu
nehjmgnpqjg is a squirrel, xvwlvcmklt is a eagle, so xvwlvcmklt is less likely to be in a park than nehjmgnpqjg
ldniehh is a squirrel, eofg is a eagle, so eofg is less likely to be in a park than ldniehh
xjyugu is a squirrel, djrovw is a eagle, so djrovw is less likely to be in a park than xjyugu
zukgxjhfv is a squirrel, ruweaaxjll is a eagle, so ruweaaxjll is less likely to be in a park than zukgxjhfv
glbijylxp is a squirrel, tjtxu is a eagle, so glbijylxp is not less likely to be in a park than tjtxu
vlrbzvcm is a squirrel, edzwsozri is a eagle, so vlrbzvcm is not less likely to be in a park than edzwsozri
exxg is a squirrel, nzvffotfty is a eagle, so exxg is not less likely to be in a park than nzvffotfty
upqx is a squirrel, pgwkofhfnw is a eagle, so upqx is not less likely to be in a park than pgwkofhfnw
jgpbs is a squirrel, ulbkckatqy is a eagle, so jgpbs is not less likely to be in a park than ulbkckatqy
eul is a squirrel, ykz is a eagle, so ykz is not more likely to be in a park than eul
arjimdskjgxz is a squirrel, vcbompekifs is a eagle, so vcbompekifs is not more likely to be in a park than arjimdskjgxz
dqqnkk is a squirrel, isqchzkzo is a eagle, so isqchzkzo is not more likely to be in a park than dqqnkk
lpiclyqpd is a squirrel, coqpg is a eagle, so coqpg is not more likely to be in a park than lpiclyqpd
vjbqjgzbeq is a squirrel, yajagdwod is a eagle, so yajagdwod is not more likely to be in a park than vjbqjgzbeq
jsyxa is a rat, oitxlybfxwt is a owl, so jsyxa is more likely to press a lever than oitxlybfxwt
yml is a rat, xwun is a owl, so yml is more likely to press a lever than xwun
ohxdswrjp is a rat, duspjlxdob is a owl, so ohxdswrjp is more likely to press a lever than duspjlxdob
vzchwoqemo is a rat, kecuczcrtyfe is a owl, so vzchwoqemo is more likely to press a lever than kecuczcrtyfe
mztwjfxri is a rat, vkd is a owl, so mztwjfxri is more likely to press a lever than vkd
fnvwtwd is a rat, dpwfkgoejjpw is a owl, so dpwfkgoejjpw is less likely to press a lever than fnvwtwd
zsxyvvlhuynb is a rat, uohhlzu is a owl, so uohhlzu is less likely to press a lever than zsxyvvlhuynb
owyxjvejwtm is a rat, oado is a owl, so oado is less likely to press a lever than owyxjvejwtm
stwyveoq is a rat, zmkujksilo is a owl, so zmkujksilo is less likely to press a lever than stwyveoq
htqgpl is a rat, ozbwo is a owl, so ozbwo is less likely to press a lever than htqgpl
urxbbqud is a rat, cboapgm is a owl, so urxbbqud is not more likely to press a lever than cboapgm
snpgffnszuz is a rat, yjjrj is a owl, so snpgffnszuz is not more likely to press a lever than yjjrj
ipeutgaiao is a rat, oautpphop is a owl, so ipeutgaiao is not more likely to press a lever than oautpphop
actle is a rat, hgi is a owl, so actle is not more likely to press a lever than hgi
zekbymp is a rat, hoizq is a owl, so zekbymp is not more likely to press a lever than hoizq
mbneumyton is a rat, pqzuaqkwsm is a owl, so pqzuaqkwsm is not more likely to press a lever than mbneumyton
dfsawmi is a rat, johff is a owl, so johff is not more likely to press a lever than dfsawmi
koog is a rat, mdriemibfpn is a owl, so mdriemibfpn is not more likely to press a lever than koog
gbbkift is a rat, vzdy is a owl, so vzdy is not more likely to press a lever than gbbkift
voghoehxcgo is a rat, zvtlbaevi is a owl, so zvtlbaevi is not more likely to press a lever than voghoehxcgo
tgbdi is a bird, jggzxqrpaagf is a owl, so tgbdi is more likely to be in a nest than jggzxqrpaagf
fcbk is a bird, pmjpvkldk is a owl, so fcbk is more likely to be in a nest than pmjpvkldk
wxngxxkvbr is a bird, qauu is a owl, so wxngxxkvbr is more likely to be in a nest than qauu
lhnpoejcm is a bird, samhyvqfulf is a owl, so lhnpoejcm is more likely to be in a nest than samhyvqfulf
yputmdhuoq is a bird, fmordcawzgop is a owl, so yputmdhuoq is more likely to be in a nest than fmordcawzgop
nhgjqhtu is a bird, dhlffv is a owl, so dhlffv is less likely to be in a nest than nhgjqhtu
fjefvuzph is a bird, cilfkc is a owl, so cilfkc is less likely to be in a nest than fjefvuzph
emwdgvmzvaf is a bird, vlwfekbwhl is a owl, so vlwfekbwhl is less likely to be in a nest than emwdgvmzvaf
otu is a bird, bngjj is a owl, so bngjj is less likely to be in a nest than otu
nbanocodju is a bird, fuhoaevtj is a owl, so fuhoaevtj is less likely to be in a nest than nbanocodju
sntprgboyc is a bird, cbdkomuzrwmg is a owl, so sntprgboyc is not less likely to be in a nest than cbdkomuzrwmg
cjjzqytpvilo is a bird, uiht is a owl, so cjjzqytpvilo is not less likely to be in a nest than uiht
xatvaoegiv is a bird, lazbljkixd is a owl, so xatvaoegiv is not less likely to be in a nest than lazbljkixd
bbsuispmh is a bird, vwlzje is a owl, so bbsuispmh is not less likely to be in a nest than vwlzje
djak is a bird, cdtwwu is a owl, so djak is not less likely to be in a nest than cdtwwu
idehtoyza is a bird, psvfbfaqvw is a owl, so psvfbfaqvw is not more likely to be in a nest than idehtoyza
qnuqedrwji is a bird, bacr is a owl, so bacr is not more likely to be in a nest than qnuqedrwji
ypnv is a bird, hrog is a owl, so hrog is not more likely to be in a nest than ypnv
glhucj is a bird, xcujq is a owl, so xcujq is not more likely to be in a nest than glhucj
lkjhzsvpp is a bird, miebqh is a owl, so miebqh is not more likely to be in a nest than lkjhzsvpp
lnh is a monkey, ixj is a tiger, so lnh is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ixj
yahzohg is a monkey, ubxmgfkoos is a tiger, so yahzohg is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ubxmgfkoos
wdieixhkpfyt is a monkey, vdrwlt is a tiger, so wdieixhkpfyt is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than vdrwlt
bndbzs is a monkey, ymoc is a tiger, so bndbzs is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ymoc
supdrbojbex is a monkey, dshebfm is a tiger, so supdrbojbex is more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than dshebfm
jmtqbdtthkh is a monkey, zmqeusjibp is a tiger, so zmqeusjibp is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than jmtqbdtthkh
boyyuhb is a monkey, ziu is a tiger, so ziu is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than boyyuhb
wuzy is a monkey, jsuyyqmkjlx is a tiger, so jsuyyqmkjlx is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than wuzy
qriosbqayabo is a monkey, fbnvtizxud is a tiger, so fbnvtizxud is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than qriosbqayabo
ejbgpsv is a monkey, houkniwgvrv is a tiger, so houkniwgvrv is less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than ejbgpsv
idcccmzht is a monkey, hryukcmbmvz is a tiger, so idcccmzht is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than hryukcmbmvz
iyzzmsklz is a monkey, lmmmpcgvjx is a tiger, so iyzzmsklz is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than lmmmpcgvjx
pqggtyezf is a monkey, rhrxpmd is a tiger, so pqggtyezf is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than rhrxpmd
qatwrjthexrm is a monkey, uydqlmzg is a tiger, so qatwrjthexrm is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than uydqlmzg
mlnfcjbyfys is a monkey, cuwbeu is a tiger, so mlnfcjbyfys is not less likely to be in a cage at the zoo than cuwbeu
aigqwm is a monkey, xbbfmmyb is a tiger, so xbbfmmyb is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than aigqwm
gaxfieyxfo is a monkey, bsu is a tiger, so bsu is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than gaxfieyxfo
hmcvmmyzntzx is a monkey, bohql is a tiger, so bohql is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than hmcvmmyzntzx
hnhuult is a monkey, xkndo is a tiger, so xkndo is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than hnhuult
wwynmcrxzwr is a monkey, jafuazeeeq is a tiger, so jafuazeeeq is not more likely to be in a cage at the zoo than wwynmcrxzwr
xqsdeuipnymh is a turtle, rpkr is a dog, so xqsdeuipnymh is more likely to hide in its shell than rpkr
vytngnjlfcce is a turtle, vdnqdsg is a dog, so vytngnjlfcce is more likely to hide in its shell than vdnqdsg
yqkzgjff is a turtle, wqdlzd is a dog, so yqkzgjff is more likely to hide in its shell than wqdlzd
znb is a turtle, fvqt is a dog, so znb is more likely to hide in its shell than fvqt
siitij is a turtle, eltcxnoj is a dog, so siitij is more likely to hide in its shell than eltcxnoj
esituofmxs is a turtle, pxkwshmdmk is a dog, so pxkwshmdmk is less likely to hide in its shell than esituofmxs
czqgwnj is a turtle, jdhggrtrl is a dog, so jdhggrtrl is less likely to hide in its shell than czqgwnj
fwnlwbb is a turtle, puzhulmf is a dog, so puzhulmf is less likely to hide in its shell than fwnlwbb
uamrwqncjr is a turtle, tkjroozxch is a dog, so tkjroozxch is less likely to hide in its shell than uamrwqncjr
shvifrencwjo is a turtle, noipndqavcvy is a dog, so noipndqavcvy is less likely to hide in its shell than shvifrencwjo
wwpp is a turtle, jgxdbzsd is a dog, so wwpp is not less likely to hide in its shell than jgxdbzsd
afrz is a turtle, ewsufmxchd is a dog, so afrz is not less likely to hide in its shell than ewsufmxchd
gpz is a turtle, mxfqygm is a dog, so gpz is not less likely to hide in its shell than mxfqygm
sznw is a turtle, otwn is a dog, so sznw is not less likely to hide in its shell than otwn
zrmfeahfdpk is a turtle, qudg is a dog, so zrmfeahfdpk is not less likely to hide in its shell than qudg
wval is a turtle, coi is a dog, so coi is not more likely to hide in its shell than wval
mddiegkqeyp is a turtle, lcbgslsll is a dog, so lcbgslsll is not more likely to hide in its shell than mddiegkqeyp
zwaybce is a turtle, iyobnpyq is a dog, so iyobnpyq is not more likely to hide in its shell than zwaybce
ywdeqgto is a turtle, fxumoulgwwl is a dog, so fxumoulgwwl is not more likely to hide in its shell than ywdeqgto
bvjzzjg is a turtle, rqtdwsdav is a dog, so rqtdwsdav is not more likely to hide in its shell than bvjzzjg
lzxmqhtgfadm is a cat, uezsze is a giraffe, so lzxmqhtgfadm is more likely to look at a king than uezsze
aztndhjcjjon is a cat, tjhypdjdawdz is a giraffe, so aztndhjcjjon is more likely to look at a king than tjhypdjdawdz
iaushhf is a cat, kqfh is a giraffe, so iaushhf is more likely to look at a king than kqfh
wme is a cat, uyzbxkmk is a giraffe, so wme is more likely to look at a king than uyzbxkmk
rwupybqow is a cat, eazbwpnhibc is a giraffe, so rwupybqow is more likely to look at a king than eazbwpnhibc
bogowbyu is a cat, javkmtpjm is a giraffe, so javkmtpjm is less likely to look at a king than bogowbyu
pofvmw is a cat, ktrilr is a giraffe, so ktrilr is less likely to look at a king than pofvmw
kccerhxzvwfx is a cat, slqbxpiuuym is a giraffe, so slqbxpiuuym is less likely to look at a king than kccerhxzvwfx
rpdwksduef is a cat, aujw is a giraffe, so aujw is less likely to look at a king than rpdwksduef
sgxwlcyjum is a cat, qqplhlqo is a giraffe, so qqplhlqo is less likely to look at a king than sgxwlcyjum
rstygmhlbe is a cat, tdnokfwnzyo is a giraffe, so rstygmhlbe is not less likely to look at a king than tdnokfwnzyo
igedcqhocx is a cat, rzxbdxfhdyce is a giraffe, so igedcqhocx is not less likely to look at a king than rzxbdxfhdyce
otklhu is a cat, faeivbzzsqik is a giraffe, so otklhu is not less likely to look at a king than faeivbzzsqik
umncipsey is a cat, atehxogo is a giraffe, so umncipsey is not less likely to look at a king than atehxogo
ykqwy is a cat, zsscyvntvnx is a giraffe, so ykqwy is not less likely to look at a king than zsscyvntvnx
wvn is a cat, oqemrf is a giraffe, so oqemrf is not more likely to look at a king than wvn
pfg is a cat, hugxbqqyrty is a giraffe, so hugxbqqyrty is not more likely to look at a king than pfg
yxdwhpvotes is a cat, bztgs is a giraffe, so bztgs is not more likely to look at a king than yxdwhpvotes
vkntvgzjip is a cat, gtcbuh is a giraffe, so gtcbuh is not more likely to look at a king than vkntvgzjip
oeokcaeuieo is a cat, ktl is a giraffe, so ktl is not more likely to look at a king than oeokcaeuieo
nhgjxso is a cat, aduwgrtlmik is a cow, so nhgjxso is more likely to hunt mice than aduwgrtlmik
gqjspckaecm is a cat, fomiwf is a cow, so gqjspckaecm is more likely to hunt mice than fomiwf
apoiggkyi is a cat, waevs is a cow, so apoiggkyi is more likely to hunt mice than waevs
nbsx is a cat, hmmijohdyuy is a cow, so nbsx is more likely to hunt mice than hmmijohdyuy
ztveimxukto is a cat, phu is a cow, so ztveimxukto is more likely to hunt mice than phu
avjx is a cat, pmoyafhrbk is a cow, so pmoyafhrbk is less likely to hunt mice than avjx
uolrv is a cat, ekpvmpck is a cow, so ekpvmpck is less likely to hunt mice than uolrv
teiq is a cat, yfykafxiuqqp is a cow, so yfykafxiuqqp is less likely to hunt mice than teiq
elngdsgb is a cat, zkwhkgfkhjb is a cow, so zkwhkgfkhjb is less likely to hunt mice than elngdsgb
faab is a cat, phb is a cow, so phb is less likely to hunt mice than faab
pctmpjbrt is a cat, vjajptfdwnjy is a cow, so pctmpjbrt is not less likely to hunt mice than vjajptfdwnjy
dnvigfmglbb is a cat, tywxmiq is a cow, so dnvigfmglbb is not less likely to hunt mice than tywxmiq
muq is a cat, tmln is a cow, so muq is not less likely to hunt mice than tmln
eeuagr is a cat, jnmihwvf is a cow, so eeuagr is not less likely to hunt mice than jnmihwvf
cdaimcsugf is a cat, iqrkd is a cow, so cdaimcsugf is not less likely to hunt mice than iqrkd
gaqeok is a cat, jxjmwsdyf is a cow, so jxjmwsdyf is not more likely to hunt mice than gaqeok
uiexy is a cat, tmonvudnioek is a cow, so tmonvudnioek is not more likely to hunt mice than uiexy
ipnxgghnymwc is a cat, eqvmwmqthjgx is a cow, so eqvmwmqthjgx is not more likely to hunt mice than ipnxgghnymwc
sysy is a cat, zwndabnj is a cow, so zwndabnj is not more likely to hunt mice than sysy
kyjksugcd is a cat, lpyerzq is a cow, so lpyerzq is not more likely to hunt mice than kyjksugcd
znr is a rabbit, jcz is a seal, so znr is more likely to move fast than jcz
tnxv is a rabbit, mjnmo is a seal, so tnxv is more likely to move fast than mjnmo
jpxsbgakqk is a rabbit, aeatelih is a seal, so jpxsbgakqk is more likely to move fast than aeatelih
xgcexejcw is a rabbit, oji is a seal, so xgcexejcw is more likely to move fast than oji
uputdco is a rabbit, swmv is a seal, so uputdco is more likely to move fast than swmv
rinibcid is a rabbit, rbyoion is a seal, so rbyoion is more likely to move fast than rinibcid
odljtf is a rabbit, mpwfdtbf is a seal, so mpwfdtbf is more likely to move fast than odljtf
ynrra is a rabbit, xtmeehqvdn is a seal, so xtmeehqvdn is more likely to move fast than ynrra
bqoqotptnezr is a rabbit, aqmtrvvvj is a seal, so aqmtrvvvj is more likely to move fast than bqoqotptnezr
choiogeiabdd is a rabbit, trl is a seal, so trl is more likely to move fast than choiogeiabdd
hxwdcknrgpi is a rabbit, jizs is a seal, so hxwdcknrgpi is not less likely to move fast than jizs
zhtxuuycam is a rabbit, dypyiakp is a seal, so zhtxuuycam is not less likely to move fast than dypyiakp
grbkwd is a rabbit, yovv is a seal, so grbkwd is not less likely to move fast than yovv
mjjelajp is a rabbit, jqhyiq is a seal, so mjjelajp is not less likely to move fast than jqhyiq
eskdwk is a rabbit, ksczcszylsi is a seal, so eskdwk is not less likely to move fast than ksczcszylsi
ivhp is a rabbit, vunvcvolozif is a seal, so vunvcvolozif is not more likely to move fast than ivhp
rdbv is a rabbit, tbi is a seal, so tbi is not more likely to move fast than rdbv
kyxaiv is a rabbit, bcicx is a seal, so bcicx is not more likely to move fast than kyxaiv
sjgdmk is a rabbit, ywefnkdzox is a seal, so ywefnkdzox is not more likely to move fast than sjgdmk
vre is a rabbit, kpbrb is a seal, so kpbrb is not more likely to move fast than vre
fcvrqiu is a bee, fymqfbrqhhju is a lobster, so fcvrqiu is more likely to be in any garden than fymqfbrqhhju
ysipn is a bee, fvbyreg is a lobster, so ysipn is more likely to be in any garden than fvbyreg
qfftxunhd is a bee, ysjyuitjzg is a lobster, so qfftxunhd is more likely to be in any garden than ysjyuitjzg
xdbnxha is a bee, euaspnbez is a lobster, so xdbnxha is more likely to be in any garden than euaspnbez
wmvbdokwtoi is a bee, iwwxoql is a lobster, so wmvbdokwtoi is more likely to be in any garden than iwwxoql
hxhguux is a bee, uccqu is a lobster, so uccqu is less likely to be in any garden than hxhguux
nomytelefw is a bee, vrdkawevmyy is a lobster, so vrdkawevmyy is less likely to be in any garden than nomytelefw
pqhnomz is a bee, vfitejgdosf is a lobster, so vfitejgdosf is less likely to be in any garden than pqhnomz
ilpy is a bee, syzwgekcriwg is a lobster, so syzwgekcriwg is less likely to be in any garden than ilpy
ejg is a bee, nejh is a lobster, so nejh is less likely to be in any garden than ejg
haucpki is a bee, sqfjhfix is a lobster, so haucpki is not less likely to be in any garden than sqfjhfix
njhlgmtufut is a bee, djlxkhbo is a lobster, so njhlgmtufut is not less likely to be in any garden than djlxkhbo
wis is a bee, ygirfqtxspmw is a lobster, so wis is not less likely to be in any garden than ygirfqtxspmw
llwni is a bee, nuowz is a lobster, so llwni is not less likely to be in any garden than nuowz
bfmjem is a bee, etablq is a lobster, so bfmjem is not less likely to be in any garden than etablq
xqeipt is a bee, fdjbscd is a lobster, so fdjbscd is not more likely to be in any garden than xqeipt
rdwkb is a bee, twt is a lobster, so twt is not more likely to be in any garden than rdwkb
gduyg is a bee, wdrdxqxshd is a lobster, so wdrdxqxshd is not more likely to be in any garden than gduyg
nofyjrkquc is a bee, avkis is a lobster, so avkis is not more likely to be in any garden than nofyjrkquc
ljtqkxyqc is a bee, daslogcgqcqp is a lobster, so daslogcgqcqp is not more likely to be in any garden than ljtqkxyqc
vdij is a wolf, wmzufdlmeby is a dog, so vdij is more likely to mother its cub than wmzufdlmeby
rftkvcelwpl is a wolf, mcer is a dog, so rftkvcelwpl is more likely to mother its cub than mcer
hah is a wolf, urckga is a dog, so hah is more likely to mother its cub than urckga
neihv is a wolf, dtzbzkl is a dog, so neihv is more likely to mother its cub than dtzbzkl
btecbdjizcf is a wolf, urdjmcmuc is a dog, so btecbdjizcf is more likely to mother its cub than urdjmcmuc
zzjhdoajudnr is a wolf, tdw is a dog, so tdw is less likely to mother its cub than zzjhdoajudnr
oyetrpd is a wolf, rlyy is a dog, so rlyy is less likely to mother its cub than oyetrpd
dtcphqs is a wolf, wnnxhjtw is a dog, so wnnxhjtw is less likely to mother its cub than dtcphqs
putiwixovngz is a wolf, txnbvpyjfy is a dog, so txnbvpyjfy is less likely to mother its cub than putiwixovngz
ayajwmq is a wolf, yfmbjuctqaq is a dog, so yfmbjuctqaq is less likely to mother its cub than ayajwmq
fjrxiiitu is a wolf, tma is a dog, so fjrxiiitu is not less likely to mother its cub than tma
ivttlohles is a wolf, lqffs is a dog, so ivttlohles is not less likely to mother its cub than lqffs
ggx is a wolf, nkzxefmvahu is a dog, so ggx is not less likely to mother its cub than nkzxefmvahu
osyubgeqn is a wolf, ouiwnqyrn is a dog, so osyubgeqn is not less likely to mother its cub than ouiwnqyrn
ygyjxoz is a wolf, llsiqzdwfkqv is a dog, so ygyjxoz is not less likely to mother its cub than llsiqzdwfkqv
ovkxopwsrl is a wolf, vebphscwizri is a dog, so vebphscwizri is not more likely to mother its cub than ovkxopwsrl
rtjctzhlrjbf is a wolf, vucturwqsn is a dog, so vucturwqsn is not more likely to mother its cub than rtjctzhlrjbf
vda is a wolf, qsd is a dog, so qsd is not more likely to mother its cub than vda
mhs is a wolf, nenav is a dog, so nenav is not more likely to mother its cub than mhs
bfa is a wolf, cmqjsw is a dog, so cmqjsw is not more likely to mother its cub than bfa
wcx is a monkey, ieukeqr is a scorpion, so wcx is less likely to use a tool than ieukeqr
mgvkjkk is a monkey, lgiazvfv is a scorpion, so mgvkjkk is less likely to use a tool than lgiazvfv
estcchw is a monkey, eyo is a scorpion, so estcchw is less likely to use a tool than eyo
cknyfwu is a monkey, coyyefwhy is a scorpion, so cknyfwu is less likely to use a tool than coyyefwhy
gsounjqngg is a monkey, jkreqflxi is a scorpion, so gsounjqngg is less likely to use a tool than jkreqflxi
tjmj is a monkey, rkbzhpzmk is a scorpion, so rkbzhpzmk is less likely to use a tool than tjmj
zzjk is a monkey, dbm is a scorpion, so dbm is less likely to use a tool than zzjk
blerofugd is a monkey, fjaflbqhuzy is a scorpion, so fjaflbqhuzy is less likely to use a tool than blerofugd
fceiffwkurmi is a monkey, lidllak is a scorpion, so lidllak is less likely to use a tool than fceiffwkurmi
pkcrpppghdve is a monkey, dcluspoiafn is a scorpion, so dcluspoiafn is less likely to use a tool than pkcrpppghdve
obgijb is a monkey, azzs is a scorpion, so obgijb is not less likely to use a tool than azzs
koatopwubwim is a monkey, qtlqp is a scorpion, so koatopwubwim is not less likely to use a tool than qtlqp
auecmzq is a monkey, hnibo is a scorpion, so auecmzq is not less likely to use a tool than hnibo
xywremtjhq is a monkey, wvgyfbyi is a scorpion, so xywremtjhq is not less likely to use a tool than wvgyfbyi
rfkhftnmpmiq is a monkey, ovyxuq is a scorpion, so rfkhftnmpmiq is not less likely to use a tool than ovyxuq
fizmxyzlrelm is a monkey, znmzvzzwvriz is a scorpion, so znmzvzzwvriz is not more likely to use a tool than fizmxyzlrelm
qqxooxqyti is a monkey, mhn is a scorpion, so mhn is not more likely to use a tool than qqxooxqyti
upnrnhyx is a monkey, vae is a scorpion, so vae is not more likely to use a tool than upnrnhyx
eyf is a monkey, ejbqequjxuop is a scorpion, so ejbqequjxuop is not more likely to use a tool than eyf
ugonte is a monkey, wppzkhsosfl is a scorpion, so wppzkhsosfl is not more likely to use a tool than ugonte
ftv is a monkey, xtkieulgjz is a fox, so ftv is more likely to be in the rain forest than xtkieulgjz
zvfjp is a monkey, uucojkkracsi is a fox, so zvfjp is more likely to be in the rain forest than uucojkkracsi
ghiylxm is a monkey, kbqkks is a fox, so ghiylxm is more likely to be in the rain forest than kbqkks
ulttkqfwim is a monkey, xnowhebwz is a fox, so ulttkqfwim is more likely to be in the rain forest than xnowhebwz
gnhsprglu is a monkey, ifwhzwtgbka is a fox, so gnhsprglu is more likely to be in the rain forest than ifwhzwtgbka
hstyfbfio is a monkey, jrwuhrsu is a fox, so jrwuhrsu is less likely to be in the rain forest than hstyfbfio
kuakfqi is a monkey, gchqg is a fox, so gchqg is less likely to be in the rain forest than kuakfqi
ujikf is a monkey, phcdyd is a fox, so phcdyd is less likely to be in the rain forest than ujikf
tcfwi is a monkey, rqnmjltc is a fox, so rqnmjltc is less likely to be in the rain forest than tcfwi
olmlzjl is a monkey, ovjmuu is a fox, so ovjmuu is less likely to be in the rain forest than olmlzjl
qqsvkjghgr is a monkey, ioonojairyoi is a fox, so qqsvkjghgr is not less likely to be in the rain forest than ioonojairyoi
dfvpkfhqzee is a monkey, qxt is a fox, so dfvpkfhqzee is not less likely to be in the rain forest than qxt
bkb is a monkey, wvclwrx is a fox, so bkb is not less likely to be in the rain forest than wvclwrx
ndwvstwbfets is a monkey, mgfvtox is a fox, so ndwvstwbfets is not less likely to be in the rain forest than mgfvtox
gcmuklbfxig is a monkey, wypsozyyosxx is a fox, so gcmuklbfxig is not less likely to be in the rain forest than wypsozyyosxx
fortawdigay is a monkey, yoiabzrwrkk is a fox, so yoiabzrwrkk is not more likely to be in the rain forest than fortawdigay
thb is a monkey, dtw is a fox, so dtw is not more likely to be in the rain forest than thb
uesmxbhn is a monkey, daqdkm is a fox, so daqdkm is not more likely to be in the rain forest than uesmxbhn
nmzxssb is a monkey, ywh is a fox, so ywh is not more likely to be in the rain forest than nmzxssb
pto is a monkey, oqduocje is a fox, so oqduocje is not more likely to be in the rain forest than pto
ytjcgyxlsr is a dog, iogzw is a shark, so ytjcgyxlsr is more likely to be on the porch than iogzw
txmspyyw is a dog, gqwom is a shark, so txmspyyw is more likely to be on the porch than gqwom
pfuqyrboxz is a dog, urgomvfewf is a shark, so pfuqyrboxz is more likely to be on the porch than urgomvfewf
hapxlsct is a dog, kshkcabvhs is a shark, so hapxlsct is more likely to be on the porch than kshkcabvhs
ckunxkmyixo is a dog, pnm is a shark, so ckunxkmyixo is more likely to be on the porch than pnm
yrrhgi is a dog, reeofliygwlf is a shark, so reeofliygwlf is less likely to be on the porch than yrrhgi
qbax is a dog, mswfd is a shark, so mswfd is less likely to be on the porch than qbax
kzxu is a dog, eiraracsvt is a shark, so eiraracsvt is less likely to be on the porch than kzxu
linqpfri is a dog, gdfqrvgnzu is a shark, so gdfqrvgnzu is less likely to be on the porch than linqpfri
aspqsinlnl is a dog, ofeqbcmygoqe is a shark, so ofeqbcmygoqe is less likely to be on the porch than aspqsinlnl
vayetgq is a dog, vjpjkfh is a shark, so vayetgq is not less likely to be on the porch than vjpjkfh
hcelfh is a dog, dmskcyepv is a shark, so hcelfh is not less likely to be on the porch than dmskcyepv
jsok is a dog, nylgyai is a shark, so jsok is not less likely to be on the porch than nylgyai
qbtxbkjacmp is a dog, zgnnaiiva is a shark, so qbtxbkjacmp is not less likely to be on the porch than zgnnaiiva
jvxc is a dog, npwckwinejf is a shark, so jvxc is not less likely to be on the porch than npwckwinejf
evpsam is a dog, icdxpinpk is a shark, so icdxpinpk is not more likely to be on the porch than evpsam
bfckijz is a dog, tqtureykc is a shark, so tqtureykc is not more likely to be on the porch than bfckijz
hwovbuy is a dog, wgbqd is a shark, so wgbqd is not more likely to be on the porch than hwovbuy
crfzjiks is a dog, rjnbw is a shark, so rjnbw is not more likely to be on the porch than crfzjiks
ooxvdtgddo is a dog, hsuloktekun is a shark, so hsuloktekun is not more likely to be on the porch than ooxvdtgddo
kixnwuwzwox is a squirrel, auv is a turtle, so kixnwuwzwox is less likely to be in a park than auv
swq is a squirrel, kfmcphvymm is a turtle, so swq is less likely to be in a park than kfmcphvymm
etbdxqu is a squirrel, uwzbkkjrx is a turtle, so etbdxqu is less likely to be in a park than uwzbkkjrx
qlvxpfzrx is a squirrel, vwnepdrh is a turtle, so qlvxpfzrx is less likely to be in a park than vwnepdrh
pyywpcywxwj is a squirrel, dxb is a turtle, so pyywpcywxwj is less likely to be in a park than dxb
yqpldgjsmrj is a squirrel, agl is a turtle, so agl is more likely to be in a park than yqpldgjsmrj
kabusneojfn is a squirrel, dkjkvky is a turtle, so dkjkvky is more likely to be in a park than kabusneojfn
pdh is a squirrel, ewdx is a turtle, so ewdx is more likely to be in a park than pdh
nvrsnkuei is a squirrel, lnza is a turtle, so lnza is more likely to be in a park than nvrsnkuei
cmwfnxkoj is a squirrel, oqbyzp is a turtle, so oqbyzp is more likely to be in a park than cmwfnxkoj
uywlakmuvld is a squirrel, gdbkm is a turtle, so uywlakmuvld is not less likely to be in a park than gdbkm
jayqqfndge is a squirrel, jnchoydc is a turtle, so jayqqfndge is not less likely to be in a park than jnchoydc
yhjamxdasfj is a squirrel, qdqcbnid is a turtle, so yhjamxdasfj is not less likely to be in a park than qdqcbnid
xdyeix is a squirrel, aqxqvog is a turtle, so xdyeix is not less likely to be in a park than aqxqvog
xzlznjzcrkuu is a squirrel, tdwabznuoxc is a turtle, so xzlznjzcrkuu is not less likely to be in a park than tdwabznuoxc
laxwduca is a squirrel, nmyoq is a turtle, so nmyoq is not more likely to be in a park than laxwduca
jxjx is a squirrel, gqtts is a turtle, so gqtts is not more likely to be in a park than jxjx
sxyl is a squirrel, emvv is a turtle, so emvv is not more likely to be in a park than sxyl
kjjpprgfviv is a squirrel, uctcfrbbmi is a turtle, so uctcfrbbmi is not more likely to be in a park than kjjpprgfviv
ptsftpn is a squirrel, qeuzrkxstkf is a turtle, so qeuzrkxstkf is not more likely to be in a park than ptsftpn
ipawj is a bee, cmjn is a scorpion, so ipawj is more likely to sting a dog than cmjn
hergvoifm is a bee, nxedtbgscjkt is a scorpion, so hergvoifm is more likely to sting a dog than nxedtbgscjkt
rxldojjyyuzf is a bee, pqkueignsty is a scorpion, so rxldojjyyuzf is more likely to sting a dog than pqkueignsty
tio is a bee, anv is a scorpion, so tio is more likely to sting a dog than anv
myjooiyhguq is a bee, dfsbjjspkblj is a scorpion, so myjooiyhguq is more likely to sting a dog than dfsbjjspkblj
tgdnrat is a bee, ude is a scorpion, so ude is less likely to try to sting a dog than tgdnrat
cmhvjaozzgkf is a bee, rposwf is a scorpion, so rposwf is less likely to try to sting a dog than cmhvjaozzgkf
phadfjizbfr is a bee, eznqkz is a scorpion, so eznqkz is less likely to try to sting a dog than phadfjizbfr
dlw is a bee, ynhdgxqwo is a scorpion, so ynhdgxqwo is less likely to try to sting a dog than dlw
kzwaqg is a bee, jkfnqzsbd is a scorpion, so jkfnqzsbd is less likely to try to sting a dog than kzwaqg
xpeag is a bee, argkmckh is a scorpion, so xpeag is not less likely to sting a dog than argkmckh
esj is a bee, pxgeip is a scorpion, so esj is not less likely to sting a dog than pxgeip
qfm is a bee, srvoutatile is a scorpion, so qfm is not less likely to sting a dog than srvoutatile
mtajsx is a bee, knapugikcrha is a scorpion, so mtajsx is not less likely to sting a dog than knapugikcrha
dpnrvzjobbf is a bee, zne is a scorpion, so dpnrvzjobbf is not less likely to sting a dog than zne
yrdnor is a bee, dfosfm is a scorpion, so dfosfm is not more likely to sting a dog than yrdnor
sggk is a bee, npsnwnhwts is a scorpion, so npsnwnhwts is not more likely to sting a dog than sggk
mdrnaxnjel is a bee, yyvyzsijprq is a scorpion, so yyvyzsijprq is not more likely to sting a dog than mdrnaxnjel
vxkwbrcc is a bee, kfo is a scorpion, so kfo is not more likely to sting a dog than vxkwbrcc
uirpufyjrcj is a bee, emngvelwc is a scorpion, so emngvelwc is not more likely to sting a dog than uirpufyjrcj
yxw is a rat, nftvihz is a snail, so yxw is more likely to be in a maze than nftvihz
sbxgjpiplgll is a rat, kdurbzrst is a snail, so sbxgjpiplgll is more likely to be in a maze than kdurbzrst
mrkcutszsj is a rat, cbd is a snail, so mrkcutszsj is more likely to be in a maze than cbd
xwttjzs is a rat, huscmx is a snail, so xwttjzs is more likely to be in a maze than huscmx
wphbxkceahcj is a rat, jjpd is a snail, so wphbxkceahcj is more likely to be in a maze than jjpd
dejmjbojhkkg is a rat, gfrsr is a snail, so gfrsr is less likely to be in a maze than dejmjbojhkkg
rfmegocyxs is a rat, lyav is a snail, so lyav is less likely to be in a maze than rfmegocyxs
slrmgmyxappr is a rat, mwscwbkgou is a snail, so mwscwbkgou is less likely to be in a maze than slrmgmyxappr
holiiirg is a rat, gpymdx is a snail, so gpymdx is less likely to be in a maze than holiiirg
jhzvqfo is a rat, acvgxzgohoed is a snail, so acvgxzgohoed is less likely to be in a maze than jhzvqfo
pyusrlbrk is a rat, clgwaghyvt is a snail, so pyusrlbrk is not less likely to be in a maze than clgwaghyvt
fisltmhsiowp is a rat, owjqszjl is a snail, so fisltmhsiowp is not less likely to be in a maze than owjqszjl
ltdidddwhln is a rat, rjwtzhteou is a snail, so ltdidddwhln is not less likely to be in a maze than rjwtzhteou
roqawiyim is a rat, kteadhjcffqq is a snail, so roqawiyim is not less likely to be in a maze than kteadhjcffqq
hurbrxnwovb is a rat, gcrojsseib is a snail, so hurbrxnwovb is not less likely to be in a maze than gcrojsseib
heapxqwd is a rat, kfyukntyn is a snail, so kfyukntyn is not more likely to be in a maze than heapxqwd
zegylrzsc is a rat, icymn is a snail, so icymn is not more likely to be in a maze than zegylrzsc
hdzy is a rat, yhrpxiq is a snail, so yhrpxiq is not more likely to be in a maze than hdzy
axbbjhzug is a rat, qkeiuhku is a snail, so qkeiuhku is not more likely to be in a maze than axbbjhzug
ykwcxqz is a rat, evemkr is a snail, so evemkr is not more likely to be in a maze than ykwcxqz
ipxxczaozrix is a sheep, orejqmcdwka is a rat, so ipxxczaozrix is more likely to live in a field than orejqmcdwka
wuppohcx is a sheep, proeafh is a rat, so wuppohcx is more likely to live in a field than proeafh
wfevh is a sheep, gjbxv is a rat, so wfevh is more likely to live in a field than gjbxv
sbbtpdjsustp is a sheep, dbkqfvsfwu is a rat, so sbbtpdjsustp is more likely to live in a field than dbkqfvsfwu
pglabeaygsd is a sheep, zislshuslv is a rat, so pglabeaygsd is more likely to live in a field than zislshuslv
mzlxkdupdbhe is a sheep, clyhu is a rat, so clyhu is less likely to live in a field than mzlxkdupdbhe
djtlzcms is a sheep, hjamshdy is a rat, so hjamshdy is less likely to live in a field than djtlzcms
gltorlnmil is a sheep, jpuz is a rat, so jpuz is less likely to live in a field than gltorlnmil
coqjshlifdg is a sheep, wrc is a rat, so wrc is less likely to live in a field than coqjshlifdg
ilzl is a sheep, hmkylkjhvppv is a rat, so hmkylkjhvppv is less likely to live in a field than ilzl
ubig is a sheep, inayryu is a rat, so ubig is not more likely to live in a field than inayryu
wfkuvfxt is a sheep, falsxhkapi is a rat, so wfkuvfxt is not more likely to live in a field than falsxhkapi
pxcj is a sheep, qnw is a rat, so pxcj is not more likely to live in a field than qnw
lnxbm is a sheep, lhybyvktfltw is a rat, so lnxbm is not more likely to live in a field than lhybyvktfltw
nfedjxgoytl is a sheep, nji is a rat, so nfedjxgoytl is not more likely to live in a field than nji
busjwms is a sheep, wqcf is a rat, so wqcf is not more likely to live in a field than busjwms
dnthejbrce is a sheep, arfqddiroly is a rat, so arfqddiroly is not more likely to live in a field than dnthejbrce
rrt is a sheep, mxpfdsx is a rat, so mxpfdsx is not more likely to live in a field than rrt
sngk is a sheep, lrwwmojxj is a rat, so lrwwmojxj is not more likely to live in a field than sngk
ufsfjyb is a sheep, mqxtjq is a rat, so mqxtjq is not more likely to live in a field than ufsfjyb
smxtaj is a owl, dtilhzrb is a seal, so smxtaj is more likely to hear a mouse than dtilhzrb
uighe is a owl, tbhv is a seal, so uighe is more likely to hear a mouse than tbhv
khzwuyafw is a owl, uddqbxvoy is a seal, so khzwuyafw is more likely to hear a mouse than uddqbxvoy
cycgzuiu is a owl, wybqkvlkvrxj is a seal, so cycgzuiu is more likely to hear a mouse than wybqkvlkvrxj
mgzbapyvizn is a owl, ynt is a seal, so mgzbapyvizn is more likely to hear a mouse than ynt
sspkguxnnpt is a owl, qxvdptclunq is a seal, so qxvdptclunq is less likely to hear a mouse than sspkguxnnpt
famspkxzdj is a owl, ozzkzp is a seal, so ozzkzp is less likely to hear a mouse than famspkxzdj
ctjljn is a owl, wubayc is a seal, so wubayc is less likely to hear a mouse than ctjljn
igkvepltoiuy is a owl, bytvvzwgi is a seal, so bytvvzwgi is less likely to hear a mouse than igkvepltoiuy
djxvwwrin is a owl, nnlfzu is a seal, so nnlfzu is less likely to hear a mouse than djxvwwrin
jhhtm is a owl, fvqcqnds is a seal, so jhhtm is not less likely to hear a mouse than fvqcqnds
iwwrwng is a owl, iwbrbulwek is a seal, so iwwrwng is not less likely to hear a mouse than iwbrbulwek
hml is a owl, erxztmcqfltw is a seal, so hml is not less likely to hear a mouse than erxztmcqfltw
gppqp is a owl, vcsqqwioltym is a seal, so gppqp is not less likely to hear a mouse than vcsqqwioltym
psycuxccrh is a owl, phfae is a seal, so psycuxccrh is not less likely to hear a mouse than phfae
hrlnpvgr is a owl, kmoxyocxlye is a seal, so kmoxyocxlye is not more likely to hear a mouse than hrlnpvgr
rczjvsx is a owl, jzqshgb is a seal, so jzqshgb is not more likely to hear a mouse than rczjvsx
geyunz is a owl, jmpfh is a seal, so jmpfh is not more likely to hear a mouse than geyunz
wvrrmetim is a owl, iddunvhp is a seal, so iddunvhp is not more likely to hear a mouse than wvrrmetim
wibesxwp is a owl, zfa is a seal, so zfa is not more likely to hear a mouse than wibesxwp
ppzqqg is a frog, aewpkqnsjm is a chimpanzee, so ppzqqg is more likely to leap than aewpkqnsjm
zipd is a frog, ucwjzxcgsl is a chimpanzee, so zipd is more likely to leap than ucwjzxcgsl
vtcryimmmjs is a frog, xhhcsqyisyx is a chimpanzee, so vtcryimmmjs is more likely to leap than xhhcsqyisyx
vkcrb is a frog, jkwajqr is a chimpanzee, so vkcrb is more likely to leap than jkwajqr
zezeulypgbpp is a frog, aiwtlphyhowl is a chimpanzee, so zezeulypgbpp is more likely to leap than aiwtlphyhowl
mlgzdswpzl is a frog, hfj is a chimpanzee, so hfj is less likely to leap than mlgzdswpzl
fbb is a frog, mbszdpuv is a chimpanzee, so mbszdpuv is less likely to leap than fbb
grhvtk is a frog, zgcvs is a chimpanzee, so zgcvs is less likely to leap than grhvtk
bkeipdckim is a frog, xqruu is a chimpanzee, so xqruu is less likely to leap than bkeipdckim
ghabmgzqwq is a frog, uvyccn is a chimpanzee, so uvyccn is less likely to leap than ghabmgzqwq
hvjnnwmvjy is a frog, rgma is a chimpanzee, so hvjnnwmvjy is not less likely to leap than rgma
tkpaae is a frog, btlutquvzpg is a chimpanzee, so tkpaae is not less likely to leap than btlutquvzpg
uotlldmo is a frog, msctsyiwylz is a chimpanzee, so uotlldmo is not less likely to leap than msctsyiwylz
zplcq is a frog, hogx is a chimpanzee, so zplcq is not less likely to leap than hogx
avdcyk is a frog, xfizrgde is a chimpanzee, so avdcyk is not less likely to leap than xfizrgde
fgcaz is a frog, jxsl is a chimpanzee, so jxsl is not more likely to leap than fgcaz
pqeixfxk is a frog, vilswsq is a chimpanzee, so vilswsq is not more likely to leap than pqeixfxk
nzxjbryshqro is a frog, qhvaxgfm is a chimpanzee, so qhvaxgfm is not more likely to leap than nzxjbryshqro
mrsvb is a frog, gkoxftmo is a chimpanzee, so gkoxftmo is not more likely to leap than mrsvb
argdgjptexk is a frog, pnm is a chimpanzee, so pnm is not more likely to leap than argdgjptexk
reynlajay is a fox, cudlnsf is a eagle, so reynlajay is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than cudlnsf
bllxhvochha is a fox, kmjor is a eagle, so bllxhvochha is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than kmjor
nspaspcsaxn is a fox, mxxpv is a eagle, so nspaspcsaxn is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than mxxpv
ynmlcff is a fox, wwlwwmxfi is a eagle, so ynmlcff is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than wwlwwmxfi
zzxw is a fox, bsnyw is a eagle, so zzxw is more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than bsnyw
dlyluzvd is a fox, tcpyjfwfy is a eagle, so tcpyjfwfy is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than dlyluzvd
ilecycso is a fox, nbymmeixal is a eagle, so nbymmeixal is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than ilecycso
lxywsphr is a fox, nfhq is a eagle, so nfhq is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than lxywsphr
tfdbosylaod is a fox, jnutgsb is a eagle, so jnutgsb is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than tfdbosylaod
knvxt is a fox, drjcpyuxfg is a eagle, so drjcpyuxfg is less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than knvxt
sztsvotrg is a fox, xyyuyeuvyci is a eagle, so sztsvotrg is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than xyyuyeuvyci
ulzyxre is a fox, rbcvywu is a eagle, so ulzyxre is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than rbcvywu
ipu is a fox, rgshh is a eagle, so ipu is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than rgshh
psy is a fox, vqviunclii is a eagle, so psy is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than vqviunclii
jxkcwkrdkmm is a fox, exwpt is a eagle, so jxkcwkrdkmm is not less likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than exwpt
umdgi is a fox, usio is a eagle, so usio is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than umdgi
efoyazzyq is a fox, jsbqr is a eagle, so jsbqr is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than efoyazzyq
lzvcudhu is a fox, bphaioxy is a eagle, so bphaioxy is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than lzvcudhu
kfiqbhee is a fox, secdxhctwg is a eagle, so secdxhctwg is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than kfiqbhee
ymldxa is a fox, aeboymjbicu is a eagle, so aeboymjbicu is not more likely to tail a rabbit in the woods than ymldxa
fkidak is a fox, yafjrznyhz is a kangaroo, so fkidak is more likely to be in a box than yafjrznyhz
yxuegtb is a fox, vqseb is a kangaroo, so yxuegtb is more likely to be in a box than vqseb
vrq is a fox, bgy is a kangaroo, so vrq is more likely to be in a box than bgy
wtdahizhqjda is a fox, moisx is a kangaroo, so wtdahizhqjda is more likely to be in a box than moisx
hzrgjgj is a fox, uwmgmmrj is a kangaroo, so hzrgjgj is more likely to be in a box than uwmgmmrj
ixd is a fox, bjzsorhn is a kangaroo, so bjzsorhn is less likely to be in a box than ixd
cabqhu is a fox, mar is a kangaroo, so mar is less likely to be in a box than cabqhu
rvwh is a fox, nrvuzezfam is a kangaroo, so nrvuzezfam is less likely to be in a box than rvwh
usramkzk is a fox, escqqkdjsibd is a kangaroo, so escqqkdjsibd is less likely to be in a box than usramkzk
ecosrvqap is a fox, aumjia is a kangaroo, so aumjia is less likely to be in a box than ecosrvqap
hsnnnnkgkf is a fox, rlcyropuacl is a kangaroo, so hsnnnnkgkf is not less likely to be in a box than rlcyropuacl
wcguecu is a fox, fhpq is a kangaroo, so wcguecu is not less likely to be in a box than fhpq
iwuvk is a fox, bny is a kangaroo, so iwuvk is not less likely to be in a box than bny
eppdf is a fox, lvqrvkmzm is a kangaroo, so eppdf is not less likely to be in a box than lvqrvkmzm
yhkthseiuup is a fox, nzmgk is a kangaroo, so yhkthseiuup is not less likely to be in a box than nzmgk
taqh is a fox, zdmhxidfqrqe is a kangaroo, so zdmhxidfqrqe is not more likely to be in a box than taqh
zpwqqvnmxq is a fox, zljjjlk is a kangaroo, so zljjjlk is not more likely to be in a box than zpwqqvnmxq
cfxnvpj is a fox, spz is a kangaroo, so spz is not more likely to be in a box than cfxnvpj
sijtw is a fox, cnm is a kangaroo, so cnm is not more likely to be in a box than sijtw
aaaxguu is a fox, miswmw is a kangaroo, so miswmw is not more likely to be in a box than aaaxguu
zslewicxaur is a rat, kwtw is a deer, so zslewicxaur is more likely to race through a maze than kwtw
dxjljzjefk is a rat, vbz is a deer, so dxjljzjefk is more likely to race through a maze than vbz
rqexewqswzgh is a rat, ipazgejhtd is a deer, so rqexewqswzgh is more likely to race through a maze than ipazgejhtd
lvw is a rat, zhyaw is a deer, so lvw is more likely to race through a maze than zhyaw
eapdfxx is a rat, mjf is a deer, so eapdfxx is more likely to race through a maze than mjf
dqzltb is a rat, gxggyhulvn is a deer, so gxggyhulvn is less likely to race through a maze than dqzltb
bfxpuaejsb is a rat, piduuz is a deer, so piduuz is less likely to race through a maze than bfxpuaejsb
pdedgdh is a rat, wsamcspujknv is a deer, so wsamcspujknv is less likely to race through a maze than pdedgdh
xuapd is a rat, ezbwsancrokb is a deer, so ezbwsancrokb is less likely to race through a maze than xuapd
xaldsxiznisi is a rat, qpuhozuz is a deer, so qpuhozuz is less likely to race through a maze than xaldsxiznisi
wlyg is a rat, vkjm is a deer, so wlyg is not less likely to race through a maze than vkjm
qgvoae is a rat, opus is a deer, so qgvoae is not less likely to race through a maze than opus
nvdpukf is a rat, ybwoc is a deer, so nvdpukf is not less likely to race through a maze than ybwoc
eraxgp is a rat, agqu is a deer, so eraxgp is not less likely to race through a maze than agqu
atqwth is a rat, hcgku is a deer, so atqwth is not less likely to race through a maze than hcgku
sim is a rat, ttxf is a deer, so ttxf is not more likely to race through a maze than sim
pbardns is a rat, amtmnnurk is a deer, so amtmnnurk is not more likely to race through a maze than pbardns
wsu is a rat, caylxssmledr is a deer, so caylxssmledr is not more likely to race through a maze than wsu
zyjlbxacc is a rat, tgxqqnc is a deer, so tgxqqnc is not more likely to race through a maze than zyjlbxacc
djjhmou is a rat, nsijbcu is a deer, so nsijbcu is not more likely to race through a maze than djjhmou
szlnacbtge is a cow, kpf is a bird, so szlnacbtge is more likely to be in a farmyard than kpf
avdztkij is a cow, dpwaqvbjvx is a bird, so avdztkij is more likely to be in a farmyard than dpwaqvbjvx
oseacm is a cow, dglhhzl is a bird, so oseacm is more likely to be in a farmyard than dglhhzl
vfflmrepv is a cow, sazahsjxywe is a bird, so vfflmrepv is more likely to be in a farmyard than sazahsjxywe
qxwb is a cow, ehy is a bird, so qxwb is more likely to be in a farmyard than ehy
vzgcukcircs is a cow, ymuhjcnu is a bird, so ymuhjcnu is less likely to be in a farmyard than vzgcukcircs
ukaig is a cow, ukcxaihc is a bird, so ukcxaihc is less likely to be in a farmyard than ukaig
nvwfnmvve is a cow, cynnc is a bird, so cynnc is less likely to be in a farmyard than nvwfnmvve
epfoldwku is a cow, ecqusyjxc is a bird, so ecqusyjxc is less likely to be in a farmyard than epfoldwku
zscwi is a cow, lvqeitavidbk is a bird, so lvqeitavidbk is less likely to be in a farmyard than zscwi
gizbeymqipo is a cow, detdvmneijvx is a bird, so gizbeymqipo is not less likely to be in a farmyard than detdvmneijvx
boph is a cow, fprnxvk is a bird, so boph is not less likely to be in a farmyard than fprnxvk
mcuyzjixkm is a cow, anmqbot is a bird, so mcuyzjixkm is not less likely to be in a farmyard than anmqbot
grgry is a cow, runaz is a bird, so grgry is not less likely to be in a farmyard than runaz
hdq is a cow, qnqdq is a bird, so hdq is not less likely to be in a farmyard than qnqdq
glfdvgca is a cow, qbqssybqfm is a bird, so qbqssybqfm is not more likely to be in a farmyard than glfdvgca
srygait is a cow, dvcqdmpqs is a bird, so dvcqdmpqs is not more likely to be in a farmyard than srygait
hsrhxdi is a cow, uxsl is a bird, so uxsl is not more likely to be in a farmyard than hsrhxdi
godszith is a cow, ivvwqrb is a bird, so ivvwqrb is not more likely to be in a farmyard than godszith
ycsbgglx is a cow, jxalwfttwswb is a bird, so jxalwfttwswb is not more likely to be in a farmyard than ycsbgglx
rxx is a bee, yii is a seal, so rxx is more likely to be in a field of flowers than yii
mqmiomlwka is a bee, czg is a seal, so mqmiomlwka is more likely to be in a field of flowers than czg
yziel is a bee, xjm is a seal, so yziel is more likely to be in a field of flowers than xjm
hcorh is a bee, auhdiqdtn is a seal, so hcorh is more likely to be in a field of flowers than auhdiqdtn
ptbd is a bee, eznuhx is a seal, so ptbd is more likely to be in a field of flowers than eznuhx
zjxpi is a bee, pldvdwaciwnh is a seal, so pldvdwaciwnh is less likely to be in a field of flowers than zjxpi
hpk is a bee, lcljenw is a seal, so lcljenw is less likely to be in a field of flowers than hpk
cxoosa is a bee, pxzsdihct is a seal, so pxzsdihct is less likely to be in a field of flowers than cxoosa
kzflllq is a bee, tmnnvbw is a seal, so tmnnvbw is less likely to be in a field of flowers than kzflllq
col is a bee, hjbxbv is a seal, so hjbxbv is less likely to be in a field of flowers than col
hsmopfx is a bee, wxqkckvdye is a seal, so hsmopfx is not less likely to be in a field of flowers than wxqkckvdye
drudkyg is a bee, jtmclozvlu is a seal, so drudkyg is not less likely to be in a field of flowers than jtmclozvlu
lflyb is a bee, sdwnze is a seal, so lflyb is not less likely to be in a field of flowers than sdwnze
fowvvzavav is a bee, ekgrzpojnr is a seal, so fowvvzavav is not less likely to be in a field of flowers than ekgrzpojnr
rmvkjoq is a bee, knoqrnjzi is a seal, so rmvkjoq is not less likely to be in a field of flowers than knoqrnjzi
yuyypm is a bee, ubkw is a seal, so ubkw is not more likely to be in a field of flowers than yuyypm
vptnexyljb is a bee, slfzgzr is a seal, so slfzgzr is not more likely to be in a field of flowers than vptnexyljb
bswciywu is a bee, hxvzpnqohq is a seal, so hxvzpnqohq is not more likely to be in a field of flowers than bswciywu
mjbfkpzlcojs is a bee, cdxthxzf is a seal, so cdxthxzf is not more likely to be in a field of flowers than mjbfkpzlcojs
crbp is a bee, yqqbr is a seal, so yqqbr is not more likely to be in a field of flowers than crbp
jzbmhs is a dog, bjgxiz is a bee, so jzbmhs is more likely to guide a blind person than bjgxiz
tawq is a dog, vmrrm is a bee, so tawq is more likely to guide a blind person than vmrrm
ycxinqeab is a dog, ysonpd is a bee, so ycxinqeab is more likely to guide a blind person than ysonpd
mgtzvzlb is a dog, ifi is a bee, so mgtzvzlb is more likely to guide a blind person than ifi
fvuctnyzjlq is a dog, ldqywyhjs is a bee, so fvuctnyzjlq is more likely to guide a blind person than ldqywyhjs
lxwu is a dog, jnj is a bee, so jnj is less likely to guide a blind person than lxwu
kcbhpzsw is a dog, ietscwt is a bee, so ietscwt is less likely to guide a blind person than kcbhpzsw
xicfikmk is a dog, jfcpjwiizqss is a bee, so jfcpjwiizqss is less likely to guide a blind person than xicfikmk
debgd is a dog, javgsh is a bee, so javgsh is less likely to guide a blind person than debgd
uvseccajsqwf is a dog, erioxtkt is a bee, so erioxtkt is less likely to guide a blind person than uvseccajsqwf
fhlnyx is a dog, jqnm is a bee, so fhlnyx is not less likely to guide a blind person than jqnm
pbqihyhjpoc is a dog, vmocqkkzfhd is a bee, so pbqihyhjpoc is not less likely to guide a blind person than vmocqkkzfhd
voml is a dog, biirqrnvwz is a bee, so voml is not less likely to guide a blind person than biirqrnvwz
sxuyk is a dog, vjxp is a bee, so sxuyk is not less likely to guide a blind person than vjxp
tfblyho is a dog, osntb is a bee, so tfblyho is not less likely to guide a blind person than osntb
wcws is a dog, pusdtpggnd is a bee, so pusdtpggnd is not more likely to guide a blind person than wcws
rujcxa is a dog, cbfr is a bee, so cbfr is not more likely to guide a blind person than rujcxa
fetsfni is a dog, esmnyegv is a bee, so esmnyegv is not more likely to guide a blind person than fetsfni
mqiayaxo is a dog, lryta is a bee, so lryta is not more likely to guide a blind person than mqiayaxo
pbwwxxul is a dog, uvvsmroty is a bee, so uvvsmroty is not more likely to guide a blind person than pbwwxxul
vvfsbkhypup is a wolf, uxqes is a fish, so vvfsbkhypup is more likely to mother its cub than uxqes
elawvpopsen is a wolf, ivqqmnwx is a fish, so elawvpopsen is more likely to mother its cub than ivqqmnwx
ssfeootaaho is a wolf, mdwoukwhoye is a fish, so ssfeootaaho is more likely to mother its cub than mdwoukwhoye
gkwisrhx is a wolf, stbddrkfn is a fish, so gkwisrhx is more likely to mother its cub than stbddrkfn
rix is a wolf, uqsn is a fish, so rix is more likely to mother its cub than uqsn
kksrp is a wolf, cngl is a fish, so cngl is less likely to mother its cub than kksrp
glmefvtvg is a wolf, kuznlz is a fish, so kuznlz is less likely to mother its cub than glmefvtvg
vnbuwqreheul is a wolf, wzg is a fish, so wzg is less likely to mother its cub than vnbuwqreheul
euvnidpsow is a wolf, zfqyectw is a fish, so zfqyectw is less likely to mother its cub than euvnidpsow
sfo is a wolf, omhdagzxzkc is a fish, so omhdagzxzkc is less likely to mother its cub than sfo
pyrjyanx is a wolf, grnbmhj is a fish, so pyrjyanx is not less likely to mother its cub than grnbmhj
vgwpm is a wolf, owb is a fish, so vgwpm is not less likely to mother its cub than owb
tywzzko is a wolf, epdvaxcjswuj is a fish, so tywzzko is not less likely to mother its cub than epdvaxcjswuj
osoyemnjryrl is a wolf, cnzretzhyqhv is a fish, so osoyemnjryrl is not less likely to mother its cub than cnzretzhyqhv
ddaml is a wolf, tlkpzc is a fish, so ddaml is not less likely to mother its cub than tlkpzc
oqqwi is a wolf, xub is a fish, so xub is not more likely to mother its cub than oqqwi
ufv is a wolf, jazjxg is a fish, so jazjxg is not more likely to mother its cub than ufv
wqjgxcthifxy is a wolf, dlzcmhdozo is a fish, so dlzcmhdozo is not more likely to mother its cub than wqjgxcthifxy
tsukhvsn is a wolf, pdxvkp is a fish, so pdxvkp is not more likely to mother its cub than tsukhvsn
hqsvfzgwrkdf is a wolf, zlsc is a fish, so zlsc is not more likely to mother its cub than hqsvfzgwrkdf
njwiqrygj is a lion, rwbgrkfq is a ant, so njwiqrygj is more likely to father some cubs than rwbgrkfq
qkcyo is a lion, fbabqhrdufpf is a ant, so qkcyo is more likely to father some cubs than fbabqhrdufpf
zyge is a lion, goujjtgyqw is a ant, so zyge is more likely to father some cubs than goujjtgyqw
sfsrbnf is a lion, xiebtkdgnyjt is a ant, so sfsrbnf is more likely to father some cubs than xiebtkdgnyjt
fga is a lion, xtzymlz is a ant, so fga is more likely to father some cubs than xtzymlz
tzapvjkkdr is a lion, yicma is a ant, so yicma is less likely to father some cubs than tzapvjkkdr
izppznecxbpz is a lion, qbrpgy is a ant, so qbrpgy is less likely to father some cubs than izppznecxbpz
odbrdtfo is a lion, kwgmqwvisjmu is a ant, so kwgmqwvisjmu is less likely to father some cubs than odbrdtfo
efady is a lion, tjeuhtm is a ant, so tjeuhtm is less likely to father some cubs than efady
vhwj is a lion, ifwthibau is a ant, so ifwthibau is less likely to father some cubs than vhwj
erqdbxkrhuby is a lion, tgqeegwrelj is a ant, so erqdbxkrhuby is not less likely to father some cubs than tgqeegwrelj
qrnjnvfk is a lion, okt is a ant, so qrnjnvfk is not less likely to father some cubs than okt
wxcscowf is a lion, ccjswqpzrcqw is a ant, so wxcscowf is not less likely to father some cubs than ccjswqpzrcqw
dwdszfpvic is a lion, wrpyai is a ant, so dwdszfpvic is not less likely to father some cubs than wrpyai
uoxstopsss is a lion, xsbmedswqiaw is a ant, so uoxstopsss is not less likely to father some cubs than xsbmedswqiaw
yhwuyrl is a lion, lyybwu is a ant, so lyybwu is not more likely to father some cubs than yhwuyrl
raqbvemrjnop is a lion, lwgzxtiavcq is a ant, so lwgzxtiavcq is not more likely to father some cubs than raqbvemrjnop
ubleerfkypex is a lion, coevej is a ant, so coevej is not more likely to father some cubs than ubleerfkypex
swhblaxyimhg is a lion, fziqvdpkr is a ant, so fziqvdpkr is not more likely to father some cubs than swhblaxyimhg
vqscvzzzh is a lion, ybdohqo is a ant, so ybdohqo is not more likely to father some cubs than vqscvzzzh
alsvfwwrqcwa is a bee, yvlcqgewn is a fish, so alsvfwwrqcwa is more likely to be in an orchard than yvlcqgewn
sjsuggfyz is a bee, gwwcsw is a fish, so sjsuggfyz is more likely to be in an orchard than gwwcsw
zjjeijdmnkou is a bee, iqvbdcowiey is a fish, so zjjeijdmnkou is more likely to be in an orchard than iqvbdcowiey
xyoetey is a bee, ralmlmjiq is a fish, so xyoetey is more likely to be in an orchard than ralmlmjiq
tje is a bee, hqe is a fish, so tje is more likely to be in an orchard than hqe
bze is a bee, rhoel is a fish, so rhoel is less likely to be in an orchard than bze
xdllpghhlsk is a bee, yxvnvflgbbsq is a fish, so yxvnvflgbbsq is less likely to be in an orchard than xdllpghhlsk
maoijhvltzo is a bee, qbgkthjmgsi is a fish, so qbgkthjmgsi is less likely to be in an orchard than maoijhvltzo
qnfm is a bee, qrmrvgrkcnx is a fish, so qrmrvgrkcnx is less likely to be in an orchard than qnfm
wcignwvuuc is a bee, rezcwovoicm is a fish, so rezcwovoicm is less likely to be in an orchard than wcignwvuuc
mxtixojm is a bee, gprmrrcqr is a fish, so mxtixojm is not less likely to be in an orchard than gprmrrcqr
omypnffeinax is a bee, hyazzewpjoy is a fish, so omypnffeinax is not less likely to be in an orchard than hyazzewpjoy
urr is a bee, zex is a fish, so urr is not less likely to be in an orchard than zex
liib is a bee, ofqdobyzmq is a fish, so liib is not less likely to be in an orchard than ofqdobyzmq
ttlsbl is a bee, jdgjshoewit is a fish, so ttlsbl is not less likely to be in an orchard than jdgjshoewit
mxvwfbofjwx is a bee, qhm is a fish, so qhm is not more likely to be in an orchard than mxvwfbofjwx
gjyjgallzlrr is a bee, zglvdava is a fish, so zglvdava is not more likely to be in an orchard than gjyjgallzlrr
gweaezlf is a bee, awhxmy is a fish, so awhxmy is not more likely to be in an orchard than gweaezlf
thne is a bee, jiajseqhrxs is a fish, so jiajseqhrxs is not more likely to be in an orchard than thne
dlob is a bee, wqfreb is a fish, so wqfreb is not more likely to be in an orchard than dlob
haugzzdq is a bird, tys is a cow, so haugzzdq is more likely to be in the sea than tys
zyjcltsu is a bird, iqf is a cow, so zyjcltsu is more likely to be in the sea than iqf
sxoejdgphy is a bird, rtedikt is a cow, so sxoejdgphy is more likely to be in the sea than rtedikt
afwu is a bird, bldksnerxfkp is a cow, so afwu is more likely to be in the sea than bldksnerxfkp
cwfjnoe is a bird, tgibdsbsl is a cow, so cwfjnoe is more likely to be in the sea than tgibdsbsl
duvsslfixxb is a bird, wyh is a cow, so wyh is less likely to be in the sea than duvsslfixxb
vycc is a bird, nvkqvlmcoeq is a cow, so nvkqvlmcoeq is less likely to be in the sea than vycc
kvqvbsrjhn is a bird, itkb is a cow, so itkb is less likely to be in the sea than kvqvbsrjhn
agedfusvfyu is a bird, qzgvnmiba is a cow, so qzgvnmiba is less likely to be in the sea than agedfusvfyu
lflfolucognd is a bird, fxl is a cow, so fxl is less likely to be in the sea than lflfolucognd
oega is a bird, qbdznlylzr is a cow, so oega is not less likely to be in the sea than qbdznlylzr
kekdrv is a bird, gocymvvwj is a cow, so kekdrv is not less likely to be in the sea than gocymvvwj
jfsjtupr is a bird, jgobvogxinhp is a cow, so jfsjtupr is not less likely to be in the sea than jgobvogxinhp
izibuqmnh is a bird, jtm is a cow, so izibuqmnh is not less likely to be in the sea than jtm
pfaski is a bird, ulewwzqoeft is a cow, so pfaski is not less likely to be in the sea than ulewwzqoeft
hgofirrjcwq is a bird, cfzrbvankypt is a cow, so cfzrbvankypt is not more likely to be in the sea than hgofirrjcwq
qfeajtcp is a bird, otz is a cow, so otz is not more likely to be in the sea than qfeajtcp
svreyvuldh is a bird, dxcznxc is a cow, so dxcznxc is not more likely to be in the sea than svreyvuldh
ngfyywu is a bird, knqpupabaun is a cow, so knqpupabaun is not more likely to be in the sea than ngfyywu
mrfhnbnxych is a bird, eywndjtw is a cow, so eywndjtw is not more likely to be in the sea than mrfhnbnxych
hyslxh is a deer, syeyqzkbq is a crocodile, so hyslxh is more likely to be in north america than syeyqzkbq
ppzkgowxm is a deer, dsmhlmvy is a crocodile, so ppzkgowxm is more likely to be in north america than dsmhlmvy
ruttwpseo is a deer, crzqtckoa is a crocodile, so ruttwpseo is more likely to be in north america than crzqtckoa
torlsfym is a deer, evirrogf is a crocodile, so torlsfym is more likely to be in north america than evirrogf
efmwiomkrtf is a deer, rseudzriou is a crocodile, so efmwiomkrtf is more likely to be in north america than rseudzriou
xhmo is a deer, hpfnxiwf is a crocodile, so hpfnxiwf is less likely to be in north america than xhmo
ufqdsq is a deer, hua is a crocodile, so hua is less likely to be in north america than ufqdsq
grhvgkk is a deer, dhbx is a crocodile, so dhbx is less likely to be in north america than grhvgkk
quhkidfvn is a deer, kzscuofye is a crocodile, so kzscuofye is less likely to be in north america than quhkidfvn
cjunmegrilc is a deer, thqacba is a crocodile, so thqacba is less likely to be in north america than cjunmegrilc
jeawojbeyjyo is a deer, hpnkg is a crocodile, so jeawojbeyjyo is not less likely to be in africa than hpnkg
fqrkbrazq is a deer, svqwhztxnise is a crocodile, so fqrkbrazq is not less likely to be in africa than svqwhztxnise
kcyrbhmpq is a deer, krmjcusfc is a crocodile, so kcyrbhmpq is not less likely to be in africa than krmjcusfc
wmmd is a deer, isacs is a crocodile, so wmmd is not less likely to be in africa than isacs
yoxyhk is a deer, deoxvsnm is a crocodile, so yoxyhk is not less likely to be in africa than deoxvsnm
ewxysauzeap is a deer, hwcfkspjwwa is a crocodile, so hwcfkspjwwa is not more likely to be in north america than ewxysauzeap
xeztljh is a deer, nmzgfgmge is a crocodile, so nmzgfgmge is not more likely to be in north america than xeztljh
cwqhgdxi is a deer, tvtr is a crocodile, so tvtr is not more likely to be in north america than cwqhgdxi
cqfkimtmfq is a deer, cxe is a crocodile, so cxe is not more likely to be in north america than cqfkimtmfq
ryp is a deer, drxlc is a crocodile, so drxlc is not more likely to be in north america than ryp
crwljbtyysra is a bear, rnyulzymyt is a scorpion, so crwljbtyysra is more likely to hunt a rabbit than rnyulzymyt
njl is a bear, jykt is a scorpion, so njl is more likely to hunt a rabbit than jykt
rehhgpdife is a bear, lga is a scorpion, so rehhgpdife is more likely to hunt a rabbit than lga
xinym is a bear, mjgamng is a scorpion, so xinym is more likely to hunt a rabbit than mjgamng
gkkqqehgvzox is a bear, cqykewazj is a scorpion, so gkkqqehgvzox is more likely to hunt a rabbit than cqykewazj
jrccckdzohah is a bear, tnaxhkb is a scorpion, so tnaxhkb is less likely to hunt a rabbit than jrccckdzohah
zcx is a bear, dtncy is a scorpion, so dtncy is less likely to hunt a rabbit than zcx
ipos is a bear, icvdihodg is a scorpion, so icvdihodg is less likely to hunt a rabbit than ipos
kiumuz is a bear, tdiekpapw is a scorpion, so tdiekpapw is less likely to hunt a rabbit than kiumuz
gzhd is a bear, gwpjntpnhjqj is a scorpion, so gwpjntpnhjqj is less likely to hunt a rabbit than gzhd
eagmk is a bear, umiglgyzlhi is a scorpion, so eagmk is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than umiglgyzlhi
ilczeewps is a bear, mdtcht is a scorpion, so ilczeewps is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than mdtcht
jrnpv is a bear, fqlermdy is a scorpion, so jrnpv is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than fqlermdy
tknrk is a bear, wekiegkkgz is a scorpion, so tknrk is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than wekiegkkgz
aokbbpgcwhbb is a bear, bishu is a scorpion, so aokbbpgcwhbb is not less likely to hunt a rabbit than bishu
dzhmvkmtb is a bear, iecfsoxhjm is a scorpion, so iecfsoxhjm is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than dzhmvkmtb
afvwzzmv is a bear, dkibctjputxn is a scorpion, so dkibctjputxn is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than afvwzzmv
dydxmvjjs is a bear, exfxrldzoy is a scorpion, so exfxrldzoy is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than dydxmvjjs
vnmvhimpzudg is a bear, wskyrnrovtn is a scorpion, so wskyrnrovtn is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than vnmvhimpzudg
aabov is a bear, uziltej is a scorpion, so uziltej is not more likely to hunt a rabbit than aabov
uwlihmizq is a tiger, uxnjfrykw is a eagle, so uwlihmizq is more likely to drink water than uxnjfrykw
vojorvdmh is a tiger, nikjvtnlyu is a eagle, so vojorvdmh is more likely to drink water than nikjvtnlyu
ynjnji is a tiger, rvwcfm is a eagle, so ynjnji is more likely to drink water than rvwcfm
wlvii is a tiger, wldzx is a eagle, so wlvii is more likely to drink water than wldzx
ujikwlazhbcp is a tiger, sijkiasy is a eagle, so ujikwlazhbcp is more likely to drink water than sijkiasy
sabmcueavf is a tiger, mgicngkdwqi is a eagle, so mgicngkdwqi is less likely to drink water than sabmcueavf
jyaatxyggvrv is a tiger, rviwjhnkkmuf is a eagle, so rviwjhnkkmuf is less likely to drink water than jyaatxyggvrv
emspuzjvhuks is a tiger, rzdsoou is a eagle, so rzdsoou is less likely to drink water than emspuzjvhuks
ovgimu is a tiger, xqzwptd is a eagle, so xqzwptd is less likely to drink water than ovgimu
jowxpo is a tiger, rcrts is a eagle, so rcrts is less likely to drink water than jowxpo
efo is a tiger, mkvlkzsvrh is a eagle, so efo is not less likely to drink water than mkvlkzsvrh
wamth is a tiger, czqxwgv is a eagle, so wamth is not less likely to drink water than czqxwgv
qtonmnze is a tiger, chkpjtjaczty is a eagle, so qtonmnze is not less likely to drink water than chkpjtjaczty
fididvtrv is a tiger, wgoyn is a eagle, so fididvtrv is not less likely to drink water than wgoyn
mknzbqokkh is a tiger, oxnflthxrhxs is a eagle, so mknzbqokkh is not less likely to drink water than oxnflthxrhxs
vnpeu is a tiger, nnrwq is a eagle, so nnrwq is not more likely to drink water than vnpeu
eygyzoxngyfy is a tiger, qfpgyqzt is a eagle, so qfpgyqzt is not more likely to drink water than eygyzoxngyfy
trwan is a tiger, hgthpndth is a eagle, so hgthpndth is not more likely to drink water than trwan
tzggflmk is a tiger, kcojtfgb is a eagle, so kcojtfgb is not more likely to drink water than tzggflmk
lsaehiojmi is a tiger, wjhhband is a eagle, so wjhhband is not more likely to drink water than lsaehiojmi
xuzjk is a cat, chh is a dog, so xuzjk is more likely to be in someone's home than chh
prqvnzxezk is a cat, ipxegc is a dog, so prqvnzxezk is more likely to be in someone's home than ipxegc
uwvtbevz is a cat, btr is a dog, so uwvtbevz is more likely to be in someone's home than btr
ydkj is a cat, xftk is a dog, so ydkj is more likely to be in someone's home than xftk
evmmpnwzq is a cat, spfufxqat is a dog, so evmmpnwzq is more likely to be in someone's home than spfufxqat
qwnjiuq is a cat, qnmx is a dog, so qnmx is less likely to be in someone's home than qwnjiuq
lfcxundbk is a cat, yrxwdo is a dog, so yrxwdo is less likely to be in someone's home than lfcxundbk
emlsoqj is a cat, rhvfxtaoiji is a dog, so rhvfxtaoiji is less likely to be in someone's home than emlsoqj
qomhptr is a cat, mlgh is a dog, so mlgh is less likely to be in someone's home than qomhptr
kkncuaom is a cat, oynkayyj is a dog, so oynkayyj is less likely to be in someone's home than kkncuaom
luvjyrjgqkn is a cat, lcoxmvd is a dog, so luvjyrjgqkn is not less likely to be in someone's home than lcoxmvd
scag is a cat, scesyrodv is a dog, so scag is not less likely to be in someone's home than scesyrodv
zlckdhl is a cat, atohsv is a dog, so zlckdhl is not less likely to be in someone's home than atohsv
woz is a cat, jkltxcc is a dog, so woz is not less likely to be in someone's home than jkltxcc
fqgspfsd is a cat, tons is a dog, so fqgspfsd is not less likely to be in someone's home than tons
bqznuhinql is a cat, sdaseyrlcvc is a dog, so sdaseyrlcvc is not more likely to be in someone's home than bqznuhinql
cybdakzhjc is a cat, wsyousvimryy is a dog, so wsyousvimryy is not more likely to be in someone's home than cybdakzhjc
tcds is a cat, dlpb is a dog, so dlpb is not more likely to be in someone's home than tcds
gnbtfe is a cat, lcirfz is a dog, so lcirfz is not more likely to be in someone's home than gnbtfe
pjchfj is a cat, vncpkyry is a dog, so vncpkyry is not more likely to be in someone's home than pjchfj
xzzuskin is a rabbit, nrecevrje is a deer, so xzzuskin is less likely to be in a medow than nrecevrje
iqencjvplgca is a rabbit, mjvvgthrcw is a deer, so iqencjvplgca is less likely to be in a medow than mjvvgthrcw
xzqirgze is a rabbit, kzlr is a deer, so xzqirgze is less likely to be in a medow than kzlr
drcfzob is a rabbit, qquns is a deer, so drcfzob is less likely to be in a medow than qquns
hfzkpro is a rabbit, zlkvfm is a deer, so hfzkpro is less likely to be in a medow than zlkvfm
asaketzxe is a rabbit, gwnhehhvw is a deer, so gwnhehhvw is less likely to be in a medow than asaketzxe
onnfhmqhhk is a rabbit, lbqpbaqmqmh is a deer, so lbqpbaqmqmh is less likely to be in a medow than onnfhmqhhk
ycvkyfgsn is a rabbit, prjgntcna is a deer, so prjgntcna is less likely to be in a medow than ycvkyfgsn
orpm is a rabbit, klujkwspbgf is a deer, so klujkwspbgf is less likely to be in a medow than orpm
lgzeoahppjv is a rabbit, dhushgxw is a deer, so dhushgxw is less likely to be in a medow than lgzeoahppjv
zar is a rabbit, uhkc is a deer, so zar is not less likely to be in a medow than uhkc
sdarxdien is a rabbit, czpahph is a deer, so sdarxdien is not less likely to be in a medow than czpahph
yqkowm is a rabbit, rcmxkekl is a deer, so yqkowm is not less likely to be in a medow than rcmxkekl
pgoqzs is a rabbit, whaq is a deer, so pgoqzs is not less likely to be in a medow than whaq
memhcywdmlhd is a rabbit, ectzuvkpii is a deer, so memhcywdmlhd is not less likely to be in a medow than ectzuvkpii
jqvjlyqqvwk is a rabbit, rfovaieqyjx is a deer, so rfovaieqyjx is not more likely to be in a medow than jqvjlyqqvwk
yaqauqenxzok is a rabbit, oesyahc is a deer, so oesyahc is not more likely to be in a medow than yaqauqenxzok
ndchmlfrocx is a rabbit, jzmarmoztwsz is a deer, so jzmarmoztwsz is not more likely to be in a medow than ndchmlfrocx
aqtbuun is a rabbit, aoazefwbpy is a deer, so aoazefwbpy is not more likely to be in a medow than aqtbuun
krvo is a rabbit, lnezgrjrqw is a deer, so lnezgrjrqw is not more likely to be in a medow than krvo
aymv is a elephant, pje is a tiger, so aymv is more likely to carry a trunk than pje
dyzjyss is a elephant, mfhkfql is a tiger, so dyzjyss is more likely to carry a trunk than mfhkfql
orgfippx is a elephant, vnyjtr is a tiger, so orgfippx is more likely to carry a trunk than vnyjtr
rwq is a elephant, yaenzmqp is a tiger, so rwq is more likely to carry a trunk than yaenzmqp
ttoxoevdpce is a elephant, dzxiqfnsh is a tiger, so ttoxoevdpce is more likely to carry a trunk than dzxiqfnsh
heu is a elephant, qnzpboae is a tiger, so qnzpboae is less likely to carry a trunk than heu
tysn is a elephant, qbnv is a tiger, so qbnv is less likely to carry a trunk than tysn
jwibcbuyuy is a elephant, xweutlfaozb is a tiger, so xweutlfaozb is less likely to carry a trunk than jwibcbuyuy
rgzjcydm is a elephant, qotshaw is a tiger, so qotshaw is less likely to carry a trunk than rgzjcydm
yydgxkpza is a elephant, achrvg is a tiger, so achrvg is less likely to carry a trunk than yydgxkpza
avixyvhmkyt is a elephant, punkz is a tiger, so avixyvhmkyt is not less likely to carry a trunk than punkz
jfd is a elephant, hboy is a tiger, so jfd is not less likely to carry a trunk than hboy
arbrz is a elephant, tfwppdgy is a tiger, so arbrz is not less likely to carry a trunk than tfwppdgy
xgijvdgegyhm is a elephant, csixqrnuea is a tiger, so xgijvdgegyhm is not less likely to carry a trunk than csixqrnuea
ohea is a elephant, liyxrrems is a tiger, so ohea is not less likely to carry a trunk than liyxrrems
oiifjeortjw is a elephant, ovjfmvliupup is a tiger, so ovjfmvliupup is not more likely to carry a trunk than oiifjeortjw
zgglejjl is a elephant, farunwvkkwgp is a tiger, so farunwvkkwgp is not more likely to carry a trunk than zgglejjl
qlkwzdsq is a elephant, baqbvesp is a tiger, so baqbvesp is not more likely to carry a trunk than qlkwzdsq
coylhqqar is a elephant, krqoxilwa is a tiger, so krqoxilwa is not more likely to carry a trunk than coylhqqar
qojmvaewy is a elephant, ptgqug is a tiger, so ptgqug is not more likely to carry a trunk than qojmvaewy
wlibrgcx is a squirrel, rwkt is a duck, so wlibrgcx is more likely to be in a forest than rwkt
sus is a squirrel, amodkziwpqxt is a duck, so sus is more likely to be in a forest than amodkziwpqxt
utqn is a squirrel, mcmtmqhdbr is a duck, so utqn is more likely to be in a forest than mcmtmqhdbr
fupz is a squirrel, bcayb is a duck, so fupz is more likely to be in a forest than bcayb
jxtxapjwsn is a squirrel, ygymi is a duck, so jxtxapjwsn is more likely to be in a forest than ygymi
stuclsk is a squirrel, nogtr is a duck, so nogtr is less likely to be in a forest than stuclsk
zia is a squirrel, cibjzatvmhu is a duck, so cibjzatvmhu is less likely to be in a forest than zia
ezqkxvghigut is a squirrel, lgy is a duck, so lgy is less likely to be in a forest than ezqkxvghigut
dlrfousp is a squirrel, xnajbau is a duck, so xnajbau is less likely to be in a forest than dlrfousp
tck is a squirrel, rdughegiuf is a duck, so rdughegiuf is less likely to be in a forest than tck
lrxkgytkumpd is a squirrel, floxxaknmpoe is a duck, so lrxkgytkumpd is not less likely to be in a forest than floxxaknmpoe
wejifgx is a squirrel, ntwwxj is a duck, so wejifgx is not less likely to be in a forest than ntwwxj
vhnzebliu is a squirrel, oazjuifg is a duck, so vhnzebliu is not less likely to be in a forest than oazjuifg
fytksat is a squirrel, qqfjeng is a duck, so fytksat is not less likely to be in a forest than qqfjeng
rmcfyp is a squirrel, ejdpevjsbb is a duck, so rmcfyp is not less likely to be in a forest than ejdpevjsbb
ylxegpkwc is a squirrel, sopwkehv is a duck, so sopwkehv is not more likely to be in a forest than ylxegpkwc
wyq is a squirrel, inxugarg is a duck, so inxugarg is not more likely to be in a forest than wyq
gpavhl is a squirrel, heciilp is a duck, so heciilp is not more likely to be in a forest than gpavhl
qnws is a squirrel, rbyjwtthyetc is a duck, so rbyjwtthyetc is not more likely to be in a forest than qnws
ajcwuify is a squirrel, tghdftxsxmx is a duck, so tghdftxsxmx is not more likely to be in a forest than ajcwuify
ztqigfmj is a squirrel, tjeifpv is a goat, so ztqigfmj is more likely to be in a park than tjeifpv
jsrgewjuwksm is a squirrel, ixasivguf is a goat, so jsrgewjuwksm is more likely to be in a park than ixasivguf
qax is a squirrel, ecoosyiwwgma is a goat, so qax is more likely to be in a park than ecoosyiwwgma
blyl is a squirrel, bysl is a goat, so blyl is more likely to be in a park than bysl
cvfrvqm is a squirrel, prurmq is a goat, so cvfrvqm is more likely to be in a park than prurmq
gngvs is a squirrel, cjxbjgronc is a goat, so cjxbjgronc is less likely to be in a park than gngvs
sgoroysddm is a squirrel, bteiuko is a goat, so bteiuko is less likely to be in a park than sgoroysddm
rkdx is a squirrel, awa is a goat, so awa is less likely to be in a park than rkdx
yojhwymkkow is a squirrel, jotwlo is a goat, so jotwlo is less likely to be in a park than yojhwymkkow
jdakm is a squirrel, ftkjqgnd is a goat, so ftkjqgnd is less likely to be in a park than jdakm
zxgorgrbxl is a squirrel, irscfulx is a goat, so zxgorgrbxl is not less likely to be in a park than irscfulx
bohmpwds is a squirrel, sytpdpmll is a goat, so bohmpwds is not less likely to be in a park than sytpdpmll
brrtynqhcx is a squirrel, eap is a goat, so brrtynqhcx is not less likely to be in a park than eap
eesoyyjd is a squirrel, aqixecytbgfw is a goat, so eesoyyjd is not less likely to be in a park than aqixecytbgfw
jdqesgmqxo is a squirrel, dorri is a goat, so jdqesgmqxo is not less likely to be in a park than dorri
nkgotlavy is a squirrel, bqhecmgjyxtg is a goat, so bqhecmgjyxtg is not more likely to be in a park than nkgotlavy
cfraxsto is a squirrel, bxdvhgcukq is a goat, so bxdvhgcukq is not more likely to be in a park than cfraxsto
cpsqhk is a squirrel, biynwlmiznj is a goat, so biynwlmiznj is not more likely to be in a park than cpsqhk
qtwmvbrprncy is a squirrel, rtfgixv is a goat, so rtfgixv is not more likely to be in a park than qtwmvbrprncy
oiyulbrqex is a squirrel, hlz is a goat, so hlz is not more likely to be in a park than oiyulbrqex
ehxhfq is a fly, nfe is a kangaroo, so ehxhfq is more likely to be in the sky than nfe
wxuarquifooi is a fly, jevmtinb is a kangaroo, so wxuarquifooi is more likely to be in the sky than jevmtinb
flpjgzp is a fly, mpnqqzyaevkd is a kangaroo, so flpjgzp is more likely to be in the sky than mpnqqzyaevkd
gjxial is a fly, yavzjo is a kangaroo, so gjxial is more likely to be in the sky than yavzjo
aqp is a fly, vuvlvfpg is a kangaroo, so aqp is more likely to be in the sky than vuvlvfpg
ote is a fly, actauzzk is a kangaroo, so actauzzk is less likely to be in the sky than ote
xlgbxd is a fly, mkvwo is a kangaroo, so mkvwo is less likely to be in the sky than xlgbxd
fvo is a fly, vnshiu is a kangaroo, so vnshiu is less likely to be in the sky than fvo
zvivifzlzrt is a fly, xnsjsvfzpovl is a kangaroo, so xnsjsvfzpovl is less likely to be in the sky than zvivifzlzrt
gufcoixpfc is a fly, yny is a kangaroo, so yny is less likely to be in the sky than gufcoixpfc
agijvszmdvn is a fly, jmvurwfnzh is a kangaroo, so agijvszmdvn is not less likely to be in the sky than jmvurwfnzh
jdt is a fly, ivpe is a kangaroo, so jdt is not less likely to be in the sky than ivpe
zmokmipibvw is a fly, ngrwaasuap is a kangaroo, so zmokmipibvw is not less likely to be in the sky than ngrwaasuap
ztimfvb is a fly, vlwji is a kangaroo, so ztimfvb is not less likely to be in the sky than vlwji
ittycsacxzzk is a fly, ksdm is a kangaroo, so ittycsacxzzk is not less likely to be in the sky than ksdm
aietcoplfbrp is a fly, bwxonpw is a kangaroo, so bwxonpw is not more likely to be in the sky than aietcoplfbrp
zjdnpkzmtri is a fly, dggftxtm is a kangaroo, so dggftxtm is not more likely to be in the sky than zjdnpkzmtri
obacigq is a fly, csghvdu is a kangaroo, so csghvdu is not more likely to be in the sky than obacigq
bupnyjdpnpu is a fly, givece is a kangaroo, so givece is not more likely to be in the sky than bupnyjdpnpu
spxcfim is a fly, pnsdzpghgeb is a kangaroo, so pnsdzpghgeb is not more likely to be in the sky than spxcfim
cac is a fish, jetjcuyjoge is a panda, so cac is more likely to be in a lake than jetjcuyjoge
srgpsyxjrntq is a fish, uitrywgb is a panda, so srgpsyxjrntq is more likely to be in a lake than uitrywgb
szh is a fish, kdqhtfwhftdy is a panda, so szh is more likely to be in a lake than kdqhtfwhftdy
hlmkcswfweqh is a fish, lyeksuafo is a panda, so hlmkcswfweqh is more likely to be in a lake than lyeksuafo
nznnqf is a fish, ormpki is a panda, so nznnqf is more likely to be in a lake than ormpki
xjuircbe is a fish, nlx is a panda, so nlx is less likely to be in a lake than xjuircbe
ungcjgmq is a fish, sklhlcnc is a panda, so sklhlcnc is less likely to be in a lake than ungcjgmq
hsj is a fish, ewfzdjg is a panda, so ewfzdjg is less likely to be in a lake than hsj
krjlj is a fish, htqek is a panda, so htqek is less likely to be in a lake than krjlj
vcjgnsytsf is a fish, bzxcdx is a panda, so bzxcdx is less likely to be in a lake than vcjgnsytsf
npmjesrm is a fish, maulefhsfj is a panda, so npmjesrm is not less likely to be in a lake than maulefhsfj
sekrzkd is a fish, zuecr is a panda, so sekrzkd is not less likely to be in a lake than zuecr
yvxpff is a fish, ebyiqytg is a panda, so yvxpff is not less likely to be in a lake than ebyiqytg
jxzlrsg is a fish, vdk is a panda, so jxzlrsg is not less likely to be in a lake than vdk
crwis is a fish, otq is a panda, so crwis is not less likely to be in a lake than otq
zhmkia is a fish, ghdwxhhnqy is a panda, so ghdwxhhnqy is not more likely to be in a lake than zhmkia
opkejzcptz is a fish, svoc is a panda, so svoc is not more likely to be in a lake than opkejzcptz
nodkctc is a fish, lbrhqtaqte is a panda, so lbrhqtaqte is not more likely to be in a lake than nodkctc
cajxtcpzlvh is a fish, xgkuhp is a panda, so xgkuhp is not more likely to be in a lake than cajxtcpzlvh
oieewdumau is a fish, bgv is a panda, so bgv is not more likely to be in a lake than oieewdumau
zcagkgwqq is a pig, burdzxfzciic is a rat, so zcagkgwqq is more likely to be in a poke than burdzxfzciic
aujzs is a pig, zmhmhm is a rat, so aujzs is more likely to be in a poke than zmhmhm
odqhrkmsojiv is a pig, trweanuxlpry is a rat, so odqhrkmsojiv is more likely to be in a poke than trweanuxlpry
yrzbgrlrc is a pig, siimtqmgdu is a rat, so yrzbgrlrc is more likely to be in a poke than siimtqmgdu
iqy is a pig, lafcges is a rat, so iqy is more likely to be in a poke than lafcges
javphm is a pig, irmeqxmar is a rat, so irmeqxmar is less likely to be in a poke than javphm
tpblyppa is a pig, byxoycxwjgw is a rat, so byxoycxwjgw is less likely to be in a poke than tpblyppa
eksbghh is a pig, pagroqvozkva is a rat, so pagroqvozkva is less likely to be in a poke than eksbghh
mfe is a pig, sqoodqerwld is a rat, so sqoodqerwld is less likely to be in a poke than mfe
rslrph is a pig, pybni is a rat, so pybni is less likely to be in a poke than rslrph
yxsu is a pig, jdplbr is a rat, so yxsu is not less likely to be in a poke than jdplbr
ssugtjr is a pig, nfoo is a rat, so ssugtjr is not less likely to be in a poke than nfoo
zdpxvhdbyiz is a pig, dahoadsnb is a rat, so zdpxvhdbyiz is not less likely to be in a poke than dahoadsnb
aganqnayii is a pig, jlcsursd is a rat, so aganqnayii is not less likely to be in a poke than jlcsursd
sehfwfguf is a pig, yiojzilwsay is a rat, so sehfwfguf is not less likely to be in a poke than yiojzilwsay
yxkgnlqtnr is a pig, iiwrwvrbgup is a rat, so iiwrwvrbgup is not more likely to be in a poke than yxkgnlqtnr
pgbsjsg is a pig, nrkgsvp is a rat, so nrkgsvp is not more likely to be in a poke than pgbsjsg
joucodmnbf is a pig, oqekqe is a rat, so oqekqe is not more likely to be in a poke than joucodmnbf
djdagzfvejcg is a pig, zaqwqyynx is a rat, so zaqwqyynx is not more likely to be in a poke than djdagzfvejcg
upspkynby is a pig, jludmycm is a rat, so jludmycm is not more likely to be in a poke than upspkynby
pfasjucvk is a bear, letfp is a kangaroo, so pfasjucvk is more likely to be in a park than letfp
rybnwoswfusr is a bear, yyyjimrtejh is a kangaroo, so rybnwoswfusr is more likely to be in a park than yyyjimrtejh
tbh is a bear, rzkpziebiuco is a kangaroo, so tbh is more likely to be in a park than rzkpziebiuco
cgj is a bear, nvjkmvdtl is a kangaroo, so cgj is more likely to be in a park than nvjkmvdtl
jelcopc is a bear, gdnffpbhput is a kangaroo, so jelcopc is more likely to be in a park than gdnffpbhput
cftmzqn is a bear, alylzwu is a kangaroo, so alylzwu is more likely to be in a park than cftmzqn
pyi is a bear, ssyuwe is a kangaroo, so ssyuwe is more likely to be in a park than pyi
btfligtqx is a bear, ovhwakgycwr is a kangaroo, so ovhwakgycwr is more likely to be in a park than btfligtqx
ckurqgeh is a bear, hhopkofxjmhz is a kangaroo, so hhopkofxjmhz is more likely to be in a park than ckurqgeh
dgeo is a bear, gekaorn is a kangaroo, so gekaorn is more likely to be in a park than dgeo
yjpketcrzjk is a bear, jzyttk is a kangaroo, so yjpketcrzjk is not less likely to be in a park than jzyttk
toeybcbpyh is a bear, pelkffevvjk is a kangaroo, so toeybcbpyh is not less likely to be in a park than pelkffevvjk
cbnhstwjjt is a bear, urk is a kangaroo, so cbnhstwjjt is not less likely to be in a park than urk
xfuzxyomwt is a bear, kgyhejcqnxuo is a kangaroo, so xfuzxyomwt is not less likely to be in a park than kgyhejcqnxuo
bddxzrlsljd is a bear, xumrlnyzgy is a kangaroo, so bddxzrlsljd is not less likely to be in a park than xumrlnyzgy
cuqtbpio is a bear, oxzdqe is a kangaroo, so oxzdqe is not more likely to be in a park than cuqtbpio
ncl is a bear, ioovvesvtcmn is a kangaroo, so ioovvesvtcmn is not more likely to be in a park than ncl
fxfwbtrlj is a bear, wwosn is a kangaroo, so wwosn is not more likely to be in a park than fxfwbtrlj
vznmrd is a bear, vlb is a kangaroo, so vlb is not more likely to be in a park than vznmrd
xpo is a bear, eaqgtpjbw is a kangaroo, so eaqgtpjbw is not more likely to be in a park than xpo
ogkxzepnkmgc is a frog, iebqj is a chimpanzee, so ogkxzepnkmgc is more likely to win a princess than iebqj
zrec is a frog, bufmmqqgtib is a chimpanzee, so zrec is more likely to win a princess than bufmmqqgtib
bpmj is a frog, zlkgjxi is a chimpanzee, so bpmj is more likely to win a princess than zlkgjxi
levvrppihocm is a frog, hfqkq is a chimpanzee, so levvrppihocm is more likely to win a princess than hfqkq
bjezuwbo is a frog, orqsyjsslxa is a chimpanzee, so bjezuwbo is more likely to win a princess than orqsyjsslxa
dnn is a frog, rwn is a chimpanzee, so rwn is less likely to win a princess than dnn
jmzn is a frog, ickpzzfuxub is a chimpanzee, so ickpzzfuxub is less likely to win a princess than jmzn
ilohezha is a frog, gokftdwdtsq is a chimpanzee, so gokftdwdtsq is less likely to win a princess than ilohezha
ogdijiaaf is a frog, triyphzgp is a chimpanzee, so triyphzgp is less likely to win a princess than ogdijiaaf
kyaq is a frog, spbsfi is a chimpanzee, so spbsfi is less likely to win a princess than kyaq
ysgcged is a frog, xcqaty is a chimpanzee, so ysgcged is not less likely to win a princess than xcqaty
tceql is a frog, lyigclrodtmf is a chimpanzee, so tceql is not less likely to win a princess than lyigclrodtmf
wdyi is a frog, xcuwi is a chimpanzee, so wdyi is not less likely to win a princess than xcuwi
lrojld is a frog, ciyvxhkbs is a chimpanzee, so lrojld is not less likely to win a princess than ciyvxhkbs
scujuovbkfas is a frog, yeekilaj is a chimpanzee, so scujuovbkfas is not less likely to win a princess than yeekilaj
uzmcknjdpf is a frog, bxena is a chimpanzee, so bxena is not more likely to win a princess than uzmcknjdpf
wxq is a frog, aaygzo is a chimpanzee, so aaygzo is not more likely to win a princess than wxq
yogbiqhvlel is a frog, agxtnas is a chimpanzee, so agxtnas is not more likely to win a princess than yogbiqhvlel
fqpqaxdye is a frog, hlxvcqpntvb is a chimpanzee, so hlxvcqpntvb is not more likely to win a princess than fqpqaxdye
cxhhfccjjsbd is a frog, ovoaxaibdp is a chimpanzee, so ovoaxaibdp is not more likely to win a princess than cxhhfccjjsbd
onkyevwqt is a wolf, rqameo is a chicken, so onkyevwqt is more likely to be in a forest than rqameo
dwqgwu is a wolf, zemsv is a chicken, so dwqgwu is more likely to be in a forest than zemsv
hlckid is a wolf, bibgv is a chicken, so hlckid is more likely to be in a forest than bibgv
vkkrrtqpyy is a wolf, goiqrrr is a chicken, so vkkrrtqpyy is more likely to be in a forest than goiqrrr
jnbszp is a wolf, kmykvvvfpljb is a chicken, so jnbszp is more likely to be in a forest than kmykvvvfpljb
ngovdnmrm is a wolf, jwsshnqdr is a chicken, so jwsshnqdr is less likely to be in a forest than ngovdnmrm
twr is a wolf, amtyf is a chicken, so amtyf is less likely to be in a forest than twr
knyp is a wolf, msq is a chicken, so msq is less likely to be in a forest than knyp
qqvisdhdvzwa is a wolf, ofpzqkvpgm is a chicken, so ofpzqkvpgm is less likely to be in a forest than qqvisdhdvzwa
wet is a wolf, agahltp is a chicken, so agahltp is less likely to be in a forest than wet
vatwkkvir is a wolf, cnm is a chicken, so vatwkkvir is not less likely to be in a forest than cnm
epr is a wolf, nhcywaohz is a chicken, so epr is not less likely to be in a forest than nhcywaohz
yre is a wolf, dzwlhejp is a chicken, so yre is not less likely to be in a forest than dzwlhejp
evy is a wolf, fmluuuljvz is a chicken, so evy is not less likely to be in a forest than fmluuuljvz
oofg is a wolf, pdbndesxgg is a chicken, so oofg is not less likely to be in a forest than pdbndesxgg
bcemkvpxs is a wolf, ttpayymrxc is a chicken, so ttpayymrxc is not more likely to be in a forest than bcemkvpxs
ytkk is a wolf, gkpklw is a chicken, so gkpklw is not more likely to be in a forest than ytkk
xwkuqmjwwvvq is a wolf, wxcpt is a chicken, so wxcpt is not more likely to be in a forest than xwkuqmjwwvvq
gjy is a wolf, youizagp is a chicken, so youizagp is not more likely to be in a forest than gjy
ddwd is a wolf, rdjfq is a chicken, so rdjfq is not more likely to be in a forest than ddwd
ysrynln is a bear, bzqexwfodk is a bird, so ysrynln is more likely to climb a tree than bzqexwfodk
zmkvl is a bear, epyontdriyj is a bird, so zmkvl is more likely to climb a tree than epyontdriyj
ygcfhjkxerg is a bear, ahjnpw is a bird, so ygcfhjkxerg is more likely to climb a tree than ahjnpw
dryetufw is a bear, xccpn is a bird, so dryetufw is more likely to climb a tree than xccpn
vzsnblnvr is a bear, cigc is a bird, so vzsnblnvr is more likely to climb a tree than cigc
ubkgca is a bear, ahpa is a bird, so ahpa is less likely to climb a tree than ubkgca
yhw is a bear, lhnikl is a bird, so lhnikl is less likely to climb a tree than yhw
zxtqm is a bear, ysq is a bird, so ysq is less likely to climb a tree than zxtqm
fzuh is a bear, kozlsmqxaq is a bird, so kozlsmqxaq is less likely to climb a tree than fzuh
covqihoa is a bear, cbatlfpt is a bird, so cbatlfpt is less likely to climb a tree than covqihoa
ailimboqr is a bear, fyakrd is a bird, so ailimboqr is not less likely to climb a tree than fyakrd
had is a bear, kthwsfcbd is a bird, so had is not less likely to climb a tree than kthwsfcbd
rvbmwpeoic is a bear, pbulqvt is a bird, so rvbmwpeoic is not less likely to climb a tree than pbulqvt
gdyysyw is a bear, npkmtepcz is a bird, so gdyysyw is not less likely to climb a tree than npkmtepcz
uzx is a bear, dkxtkcuiekct is a bird, so uzx is not less likely to climb a tree than dkxtkcuiekct
bublcesryzvw is a bear, ygbjefnyjhg is a bird, so ygbjefnyjhg is not more likely to climb a tree than bublcesryzvw
oqznganeordg is a bear, sevtnwiijno is a bird, so sevtnwiijno is not more likely to climb a tree than oqznganeordg
fdxshe is a bear, vwualopfai is a bird, so vwualopfai is not more likely to climb a tree than fdxshe
hvk is a bear, ovfvfvcxxf is a bird, so ovfvfvcxxf is not more likely to climb a tree than hvk
kswjuplmyle is a bear, aeoyngpetyw is a bird, so aeoyngpetyw is not more likely to climb a tree than kswjuplmyle
finpwfkokjkf is a snake, edwjm is a scorpion, so finpwfkokjkf is more likely to be rude than edwjm
udda is a snake, opp is a scorpion, so udda is more likely to be rude than opp
asw is a snake, vdpcbayfb is a scorpion, so asw is more likely to be rude than vdpcbayfb
ejzewyu is a snake, uvcfhukwazj is a scorpion, so ejzewyu is more likely to be rude than uvcfhukwazj
ycxuoqvrxn is a snake, xhgclupyhb is a scorpion, so ycxuoqvrxn is more likely to be rude than xhgclupyhb
abuneny is a snake, skjs is a scorpion, so skjs is less likely to be rude than abuneny
rba is a snake, qukartjjh is a scorpion, so qukartjjh is less likely to be rude than rba
pyisibfjfj is a snake, mkgxlcrxuto is a scorpion, so mkgxlcrxuto is less likely to be rude than pyisibfjfj
velvenc is a snake, jbmgtmrlone is a scorpion, so jbmgtmrlone is less likely to be rude than velvenc
ubm is a snake, wly is a scorpion, so wly is less likely to be rude than ubm
ssduzyzvvaz is a snake, qkwrwg is a scorpion, so ssduzyzvvaz is not less likely to be rude than qkwrwg
sgxvrik is a snake, fwvzkelx is a scorpion, so sgxvrik is not less likely to be rude than fwvzkelx
rat is a snake, ckkjzejwx is a scorpion, so rat is not less likely to be rude than ckkjzejwx
gegsi is a snake, uzvxp is a scorpion, so gegsi is not less likely to be rude than uzvxp
fkskgvmzcob is a snake, aodyvtton is a scorpion, so fkskgvmzcob is not less likely to be rude than aodyvtton
bwkh is a snake, kjodc is a scorpion, so kjodc is not more likely to be rude than bwkh
nbuxs is a snake, boykoso is a scorpion, so boykoso is not more likely to be rude than nbuxs
jgzseskhwtxj is a snake, yumk is a scorpion, so yumk is not more likely to be rude than jgzseskhwtxj
hiywd is a snake, jlisvzkir is a scorpion, so jlisvzkir is not more likely to be rude than hiywd
rvmgmcf is a snake, permqasvs is a scorpion, so permqasvs is not more likely to be rude than rvmgmcf
sxxhahvfp is a horse, fhbxkewsj is a fly, so sxxhahvfp is less likely to be at a horse than fhbxkewsj
gqattsdrcda is a horse, tjsvio is a fly, so gqattsdrcda is less likely to be at a horse than tjsvio
lqiproqihdn is a horse, pqm is a fly, so lqiproqihdn is less likely to be at a horse than pqm
zkmbg is a horse, yud is a fly, so zkmbg is less likely to be at a horse than yud
rubowje is a horse, gopphuao is a fly, so rubowje is less likely to be at a horse than gopphuao
cnfnxcqwuaoi is a horse, xjfq is a fly, so xjfq is less likely to be in cnfnxcqwuaoi's vicinity than cnfnxcqwuaoi
thvhh is a horse, otxphstfa is a fly, so otxphstfa is less likely to be in thvhh's vicinity than thvhh
tbfhepcf is a horse, wlkslyeukb is a fly, so wlkslyeukb is less likely to be in tbfhepcf's vicinity than tbfhepcf
mvnvqvwoui is a horse, rmsavtbjj is a fly, so rmsavtbjj is less likely to be in mvnvqvwoui's vicinity than mvnvqvwoui
aloygozwsiwv is a horse, wgsbwceu is a fly, so wgsbwceu is less likely to be in aloygozwsiwv's vicinity than aloygozwsiwv
ztdhzlplfld is a horse, evjcpajz is a fly, so ztdhzlplfld is not less likely to be in the vicinity than evjcpajz
qmbfjmyqzsr is a horse, lzwxegte is a fly, so qmbfjmyqzsr is not less likely to be in the vicinity than lzwxegte
ruxninsbaaew is a horse, gbfejzpskor is a fly, so ruxninsbaaew is not less likely to be in the vicinity than gbfejzpskor
jcacvsc is a horse, ndjbqtfxnhi is a fly, so jcacvsc is not less likely to be in the vicinity than ndjbqtfxnhi
hvyknxsoqi is a horse, vlwkom is a fly, so hvyknxsoqi is not less likely to be in the vicinity than vlwkom
kwjfujdldhmg is a horse, otn is a fly, so otn is not more likely to be in a horse than kwjfujdldhmg
pyq is a horse, seydokihof is a fly, so seydokihof is not more likely to be in a horse than pyq
ejzgyilao is a horse, nbeahxgzwgx is a fly, so nbeahxgzwgx is not more likely to be in a horse than ejzgyilao
bpibrfqhd is a horse, horawmk is a fly, so horawmk is not more likely to be in a horse than bpibrfqhd
qmt is a horse, yaprdrpzb is a fly, so yaprdrpzb is not more likely to be in a horse than qmt
zzpwpuo is a frog, wxjqaqpv is a cheetah, so zzpwpuo is more likely to be in the pond than wxjqaqpv
gyzbsshzltvj is a frog, djqacaydrc is a cheetah, so gyzbsshzltvj is more likely to be in the pond than djqacaydrc
snkizxkxosuz is a frog, pyvwnrfpece is a cheetah, so snkizxkxosuz is more likely to be in the pond than pyvwnrfpece
dljme is a frog, ogbu is a cheetah, so dljme is more likely to be in the pond than ogbu
leijetfdli is a frog, gnpk is a cheetah, so leijetfdli is more likely to be in the pond than gnpk
cqjrvag is a frog, wwqcjeylxuky is a cheetah, so wwqcjeylxuky is less likely to return to the pond than cqjrvag
doxggalog is a frog, mbvv is a cheetah, so mbvv is less likely to return to the pond than doxggalog
cwi is a frog, ykfixdyg is a cheetah, so ykfixdyg is less likely to return to the pond than cwi
qbapaqxkbpy is a frog, kkfmav is a cheetah, so kkfmav is less likely to return to the pond than qbapaqxkbpy
xwcimbnms is a frog, hltbrpffv is a cheetah, so hltbrpffv is less likely to return to the pond than xwcimbnms
crrorlz is a frog, laarwcjsvsy is a cheetah, so crrorlz is not less likely to return to the pond than laarwcjsvsy
wftiorxsc is a frog, ofyodcpj is a cheetah, so wftiorxsc is not less likely to return to the pond than ofyodcpj
karhalov is a frog, vdkxvldkj is a cheetah, so karhalov is not less likely to return to the pond than vdkxvldkj
yrtqqa is a frog, csgwu is a cheetah, so yrtqqa is not less likely to return to the pond than csgwu
pxkuxzotoxfl is a frog, pkcslsjh is a cheetah, so pxkuxzotoxfl is not less likely to return to the pond than pkcslsjh
qgqihz is a frog, eclzx is a cheetah, so eclzx is not more likely to return to the pond than qgqihz
vagjwbuq is a frog, tesfj is a cheetah, so tesfj is not more likely to return to the pond than vagjwbuq
waokdpd is a frog, paksshpucrcp is a cheetah, so paksshpucrcp is not more likely to return to the pond than waokdpd
rhmhaub is a frog, xlkbjblflosj is a cheetah, so xlkbjblflosj is not more likely to return to the pond than rhmhaub
tqt is a frog, fcfd is a cheetah, so fcfd is not more likely to return to the pond than tqt
pjf is a horse, mpcrtlwcyqu is a hamster, so pjf is more likely to run in a pasture than mpcrtlwcyqu
nzjge is a horse, yeqtxefbita is a hamster, so nzjge is more likely to run in a pasture than yeqtxefbita
cily is a horse, dkwrdun is a hamster, so cily is more likely to run in a pasture than dkwrdun
xeyqvr is a horse, zlmzljv is a hamster, so xeyqvr is more likely to run in a pasture than zlmzljv
clfjc is a horse, mfqbltl is a hamster, so clfjc is more likely to run in a pasture than mfqbltl
eyxifginucgc is a horse, nphuidfxuqn is a hamster, so nphuidfxuqn is less likely to run in a pasture than eyxifginucgc
mgvegxciz is a horse, nuqt is a hamster, so nuqt is less likely to run in a pasture than mgvegxciz
wmjcp is a horse, gmxbjqc is a hamster, so gmxbjqc is less likely to run in a pasture than wmjcp
rlzsabtll is a horse, hlhvqz is a hamster, so hlhvqz is less likely to run in a pasture than rlzsabtll
sgrt is a horse, tfuhrop is a hamster, so tfuhrop is less likely to run in a pasture than sgrt
ylruugi is a horse, zoxxzdh is a hamster, so ylruugi is not less likely to run in a pasture than zoxxzdh
snnybwbqak is a horse, hwmumiitw is a hamster, so snnybwbqak is not less likely to run in a pasture than hwmumiitw
mwlsmutm is a horse, tnngpflhdjq is a hamster, so mwlsmutm is not less likely to run in a pasture than tnngpflhdjq
fogidrrmbzah is a horse, crut is a hamster, so fogidrrmbzah is not less likely to run in a pasture than crut
vzeqcufzxrpt is a horse, fhzkywwhj is a hamster, so vzeqcufzxrpt is not less likely to run in a pasture than fhzkywwhj
sbkcatxaxmwv is a horse, edsvazr is a hamster, so edsvazr is not more likely to run in a pasture than sbkcatxaxmwv
enqyu is a horse, dvg is a hamster, so dvg is not more likely to run in a pasture than enqyu
evwyg is a horse, durbcvmuwxon is a hamster, so durbcvmuwxon is not more likely to run in a pasture than evwyg
gwelveuawp is a horse, rzovluztqn is a hamster, so rzovluztqn is not more likely to run in a pasture than gwelveuawp
zore is a horse, ljbebrmvubim is a hamster, so ljbebrmvubim is not more likely to run in a pasture than zore
wra is a bee, wljrpp is a tiger, so wra is more likely to be in any garden than wljrpp
sojuq is a bee, kscdunvyzg is a tiger, so sojuq is more likely to be in any garden than kscdunvyzg
bcdpcyn is a bee, gtexttnb is a tiger, so bcdpcyn is more likely to be in any garden than gtexttnb
yotlzvw is a bee, wyvbdog is a tiger, so yotlzvw is more likely to be in any garden than wyvbdog
zntvfehrusho is a bee, njazwhuw is a tiger, so zntvfehrusho is more likely to be in any garden than njazwhuw
eiuysvvdjge is a bee, ujqvck is a tiger, so ujqvck is more likely to be in any garden than eiuysvvdjge
uozsd is a bee, zjnsi is a tiger, so zjnsi is more likely to be in any garden than uozsd
oheoua is a bee, kpdfmlkjbnjc is a tiger, so kpdfmlkjbnjc is more likely to be in any garden than oheoua
fawrlwhvmeo is a bee, tlfrx is a tiger, so tlfrx is more likely to be in any garden than fawrlwhvmeo
ifrvb is a bee, bxv is a tiger, so bxv is more likely to be in any garden than ifrvb
ghvzl is a bee, tmnyhvgb is a tiger, so ghvzl is not less likely to be in any garden than tmnyhvgb
aojfzuzqy is a bee, cwgqu is a tiger, so aojfzuzqy is not less likely to be in any garden than cwgqu
ojzj is a bee, gzz is a tiger, so ojzj is not less likely to be in any garden than gzz
jzkkuyejjbbt is a bee, uekju is a tiger, so jzkkuyejjbbt is not less likely to be in any garden than uekju
xlkylxeikyuv is a bee, lcet is a tiger, so xlkylxeikyuv is not less likely to be in any garden than lcet
ahutshigxwdz is a bee, ktomt is a tiger, so ktomt is not more likely to be in any garden than ahutshigxwdz
bbsj is a bee, fjmbep is a tiger, so fjmbep is not more likely to be in any garden than bbsj
bogruwnstt is a bee, hgxd is a tiger, so hgxd is not more likely to be in any garden than bogruwnstt
yskxxs is a bee, swjgt is a tiger, so swjgt is not more likely to be in any garden than yskxxs
mgftdz is a bee, svywclmpnm is a tiger, so svywclmpnm is not more likely to be in any garden than mgftdz
dejgx is a chicken, rpl is a panda, so dejgx is more likely to be in the oven than rpl
gijrri is a chicken, eavtwnfm is a panda, so gijrri is more likely to be in the oven than eavtwnfm
eocdw is a chicken, egavpw is a panda, so eocdw is more likely to be in the oven than egavpw
sjcozwtzya is a chicken, nrydnts is a panda, so sjcozwtzya is more likely to be in the oven than nrydnts
becesvt is a chicken, cyriibwqmj is a panda, so becesvt is more likely to be in the oven than cyriibwqmj
wurlr is a chicken, obbljrgzamdk is a panda, so obbljrgzamdk is less likely to be in the oven than wurlr
iswitgdufcie is a chicken, ydmnkivqrge is a panda, so ydmnkivqrge is less likely to be in the oven than iswitgdufcie
yiptrzkfp is a chicken, bnkrixy is a panda, so bnkrixy is less likely to be in the oven than yiptrzkfp
thtjvwexvzfu is a chicken, feuchfirdzk is a panda, so feuchfirdzk is less likely to be in the oven than thtjvwexvzfu
biejs is a chicken, berzivdq is a panda, so berzivdq is less likely to be in the oven than biejs
tsjdppshas is a chicken, gzbxwi is a panda, so tsjdppshas is not less likely to be in the oven than gzbxwi
wtxiha is a chicken, kxyvrjoyvr is a panda, so wtxiha is not less likely to be in the oven than kxyvrjoyvr
grmopebdkibo is a chicken, kvbexdgpmv is a panda, so grmopebdkibo is not less likely to be in the oven than kvbexdgpmv
dexxoe is a chicken, odp is a panda, so dexxoe is not less likely to be in the oven than odp
huxittxeayv is a chicken, gmpo is a panda, so huxittxeayv is not less likely to be in the oven than gmpo
xseuzpfsvac is a chicken, dau is a panda, so dau is not more likely to be in the oven than xseuzpfsvac
gnijevqrz is a chicken, iumpvde is a panda, so iumpvde is not more likely to be in the oven than gnijevqrz
ziynbnmth is a chicken, vetup is a panda, so vetup is not more likely to be in the oven than ziynbnmth
ggdgxvmotiib is a chicken, dlmqbytfx is a panda, so dlmqbytfx is not more likely to be in the oven than ggdgxvmotiib
mwpvkpkklfie is a chicken, nrjdxmqcr is a panda, so nrjdxmqcr is not more likely to be in the oven than mwpvkpkklfie
ruwoxqwbmo is a kangaroo, eiqgfzql is a frog, so ruwoxqwbmo is more likely to jump up and down than eiqgfzql
pquokmu is a kangaroo, phzvj is a frog, so pquokmu is more likely to jump up and down than phzvj
rrhlufmkb is a kangaroo, ycqsjp is a frog, so rrhlufmkb is more likely to jump up and down than ycqsjp
abcq is a kangaroo, ufwlww is a frog, so abcq is more likely to jump up and down than ufwlww
jqxzhryds is a kangaroo, xddzipusd is a frog, so jqxzhryds is more likely to jump up and down than xddzipusd
ayg is a kangaroo, bmlzraj is a frog, so bmlzraj is less likely to jump up and down than ayg
zmnjqwq is a kangaroo, cfdbmxykxlol is a frog, so cfdbmxykxlol is less likely to jump up and down than zmnjqwq
uatbmwhxdmq is a kangaroo, lggglonbk is a frog, so lggglonbk is less likely to jump up and down than uatbmwhxdmq
uutlr is a kangaroo, bwuvwfbbktte is a frog, so bwuvwfbbktte is less likely to jump up and down than uutlr
gqjwb is a kangaroo, qzobsbef is a frog, so qzobsbef is less likely to jump up and down than gqjwb
svniqgekz is a kangaroo, plouf is a frog, so svniqgekz is not less likely to jump up and down than plouf
cnogsqquptn is a kangaroo, rgxg is a frog, so cnogsqquptn is not less likely to jump up and down than rgxg
aisdaq is a kangaroo, taoo is a frog, so aisdaq is not less likely to jump up and down than taoo
rkbwbuirqqbt is a kangaroo, xwtbsredtup is a frog, so rkbwbuirqqbt is not less likely to jump up and down than xwtbsredtup
vpsqxe is a kangaroo, wka is a frog, so vpsqxe is not less likely to jump up and down than wka
iwzodnq is a kangaroo, cuyl is a frog, so cuyl is not more likely to jump up and down than iwzodnq
rulmyf is a kangaroo, sealmb is a frog, so sealmb is not more likely to jump up and down than rulmyf
ylgydk is a kangaroo, itl is a frog, so itl is not more likely to jump up and down than ylgydk
kjp is a kangaroo, pvqs is a frog, so pvqs is not more likely to jump up and down than kjp
bbh is a kangaroo, gwrakpxhyuw is a frog, so gwrakpxhyuw is not more likely to jump up and down than bbh
ckifpngre is a shark, cvhhupatcui is a eagle, so ckifpngre is more likely to be in the sea world than cvhhupatcui
ppw is a shark, gvelamkwhasu is a eagle, so ppw is more likely to be in the sea world than gvelamkwhasu
soi is a shark, xrvnssfewbb is a eagle, so soi is more likely to be in the sea world than xrvnssfewbb
ikmfhtwinpt is a shark, sejukmzusir is a eagle, so ikmfhtwinpt is more likely to be in the sea world than sejukmzusir
dkowfadc is a shark, wobtjamakiqb is a eagle, so dkowfadc is more likely to be in the sea world than wobtjamakiqb
liqej is a shark, wsv is a eagle, so wsv is less likely to be in the sea world than liqej
ubbmyvogcqkx is a shark, qde is a eagle, so qde is less likely to be in the sea world than ubbmyvogcqkx
wmbpxcv is a shark, phmrjaik is a eagle, so phmrjaik is less likely to be in the sea world than wmbpxcv
foqjo is a shark, atqgecl is a eagle, so atqgecl is less likely to be in the sea world than foqjo
rbiwbkumdwz is a shark, frjx is a eagle, so frjx is less likely to be in the sea world than rbiwbkumdwz
aeysoaugfhat is a shark, czqjan is a eagle, so aeysoaugfhat is not less likely to be in the sea world than czqjan
xfp is a shark, fekyi is a eagle, so xfp is not less likely to be in the sea world than fekyi
nuxpgnclc is a shark, tuksa is a eagle, so nuxpgnclc is not less likely to be in the sea world than tuksa
udxw is a shark, bej is a eagle, so udxw is not less likely to be in the sea world than bej
ihfokvwpeta is a shark, iladr is a eagle, so ihfokvwpeta is not less likely to be in the sea world than iladr
wecv is a shark, lpaxi is a eagle, so lpaxi is not more likely to be in the sea world than wecv
oifleeeym is a shark, wsnxwuvxy is a eagle, so wsnxwuvxy is not more likely to be in the sea world than oifleeeym
brofhrihfbgq is a shark, hbegrxerqq is a eagle, so hbegrxerqq is not more likely to be in the sea world than brofhrihfbgq
qiulwrnf is a shark, gndoalydljwb is a eagle, so gndoalydljwb is not more likely to be in the sea world than qiulwrnf
ykaw is a shark, fnlagrnzwn is a eagle, so fnlagrnzwn is not more likely to be in the sea world than ykaw
cyswnhuie is a fish, ksqvyfd is a dolphin, so cyswnhuie is more likely to live in lakes than ksqvyfd
kzarnoz is a fish, xgjypals is a dolphin, so kzarnoz is more likely to live in lakes than xgjypals
hmclt is a fish, mllwwvqamirf is a dolphin, so hmclt is more likely to live in lakes than mllwwvqamirf
ggfnlkyd is a fish, bgzkklqel is a dolphin, so ggfnlkyd is more likely to live in lakes than bgzkklqel
nuez is a fish, guhfukphfp is a dolphin, so nuez is more likely to live in lakes than guhfukphfp
ynddsb is a fish, kvvqnt is a dolphin, so kvvqnt is less likely to live in lakes than ynddsb
jxdvnllv is a fish, wudujpndoha is a dolphin, so wudujpndoha is less likely to live in lakes than jxdvnllv
elplj is a fish, mwqscspbkk is a dolphin, so mwqscspbkk is less likely to live in lakes than elplj
hmekknoz is a fish, bymhpurfc is a dolphin, so bymhpurfc is less likely to live in lakes than hmekknoz
yvbpltprxkbh is a fish, ukymi is a dolphin, so ukymi is less likely to live in lakes than yvbpltprxkbh
rgozsi is a fish, vbggnbzel is a dolphin, so rgozsi is not less likely to live in lakes than vbggnbzel
hinnbxgzfw is a fish, dnjysbfbr is a dolphin, so hinnbxgzfw is not less likely to live in lakes than dnjysbfbr
bzkunu is a fish, aljzjsjm is a dolphin, so bzkunu is not less likely to live in lakes than aljzjsjm
tykanqt is a fish, qqjihrzpspv is a dolphin, so tykanqt is not less likely to live in lakes than qqjihrzpspv
ahiijvsre is a fish, nmxsjg is a dolphin, so ahiijvsre is not less likely to live in lakes than nmxsjg
njbdhojy is a fish, rtktoep is a dolphin, so rtktoep is not more likely to live in lakes than njbdhojy
zqtepmg is a fish, wesfk is a dolphin, so wesfk is not more likely to live in lakes than zqtepmg
jjebylpzo is a fish, wwauujfbuyn is a dolphin, so wwauujfbuyn is not more likely to live in lakes than jjebylpzo
etxtqnf is a fish, ytb is a dolphin, so ytb is not more likely to live in lakes than etxtqnf
qluryndpdprg is a fish, tqo is a dolphin, so tqo is not more likely to live in lakes than qluryndpdprg
dkowrykfbdgd is a owl, gefbcehmkju is a rabbit, so dkowrykfbdgd is more likely to rest during the day than gefbcehmkju
tct is a owl, qdkzmt is a rabbit, so tct is more likely to rest during the day than qdkzmt
jklirasmnpz is a owl, nmjaqozyxla is a rabbit, so jklirasmnpz is more likely to rest during the day than nmjaqozyxla
yyk is a owl, susacsqleypz is a rabbit, so yyk is more likely to rest during the day than susacsqleypz
dzklvtlwat is a owl, vvegjuz is a rabbit, so dzklvtlwat is more likely to rest during the day than vvegjuz
tjtbhikv is a owl, qlnsfvbah is a rabbit, so qlnsfvbah is less likely to rest during the day than tjtbhikv
sst is a owl, cwpi is a rabbit, so cwpi is less likely to rest during the day than sst
fokdtmv is a owl, izaaxxwbpzci is a rabbit, so izaaxxwbpzci is less likely to rest during the day than fokdtmv
fpbu is a owl, orbswknmoiuy is a rabbit, so orbswknmoiuy is less likely to rest during the day than fpbu
xpixdtip is a owl, zdazqfvq is a rabbit, so zdazqfvq is less likely to rest during the day than xpixdtip
ofgwl is a owl, yffscvqzlbif is a rabbit, so ofgwl is not less likely to rest during the day than yffscvqzlbif
nmwaaldxjqhx is a owl, iukyyekkpsw is a rabbit, so nmwaaldxjqhx is not less likely to rest during the day than iukyyekkpsw
mgr is a owl, msgyuqhqx is a rabbit, so mgr is not less likely to rest during the day than msgyuqhqx
jigbm is a owl, nznfigalx is a rabbit, so jigbm is not less likely to rest during the day than nznfigalx
dyhgibejdo is a owl, dlbyl is a rabbit, so dyhgibejdo is not less likely to rest during the day than dlbyl
mjgwzhhwkqsi is a owl, rcqrhn is a rabbit, so rcqrhn is not more likely to rest during the day than mjgwzhhwkqsi
wkbvfucs is a owl, zgynq is a rabbit, so zgynq is not more likely to rest during the day than wkbvfucs
ansp is a owl, jubnvgc is a rabbit, so jubnvgc is not more likely to rest during the day than ansp
jbjrmbsmgw is a owl, awmwdtwpl is a rabbit, so awmwdtwpl is not more likely to rest during the day than jbjrmbsmgw
uxtvf is a owl, bfvl is a rabbit, so bfvl is not more likely to rest during the day than uxtvf
deuykvqoktsj is a bee, cmyyqlvkb is a crocodile, so deuykvqoktsj is more likely to sting you than cmyyqlvkb
irzjmdpl is a bee, ubni is a crocodile, so irzjmdpl is more likely to sting you than ubni
syldix is a bee, yyq is a crocodile, so syldix is more likely to sting you than yyq
eialzssyjjj is a bee, uvocbeoi is a crocodile, so eialzssyjjj is more likely to sting you than uvocbeoi
mzsyjwbtqyy is a bee, gyxgnhoedjgp is a crocodile, so mzsyjwbtqyy is more likely to sting you than gyxgnhoedjgp
udgxbklb is a bee, aftkg is a crocodile, so aftkg is less likely to sting you than udgxbklb
pitrcfkqjhma is a bee, mnpkfszr is a crocodile, so mnpkfszr is less likely to sting you than pitrcfkqjhma
qxsxtx is a bee, awtlfacqgrsa is a crocodile, so awtlfacqgrsa is less likely to sting you than qxsxtx
mqyaqtkbzhv is a bee, qxhgrzw is a crocodile, so qxhgrzw is less likely to sting you than mqyaqtkbzhv
sddwftwtfwf is a bee, mpeicyuhqcel is a crocodile, so mpeicyuhqcel is less likely to sting you than sddwftwtfwf
zmweohrluub is a bee, lkm is a crocodile, so zmweohrluub is not less likely to sting you than lkm
deiywrjn is a bee, cekmxntnn is a crocodile, so deiywrjn is not less likely to sting you than cekmxntnn
wmfogdjoazi is a bee, qda is a crocodile, so wmfogdjoazi is not less likely to sting you than qda
rodqjspsid is a bee, rjqlniga is a crocodile, so rodqjspsid is not less likely to sting you than rjqlniga
udpbaimrgy is a bee, zrsevbsmxi is a crocodile, so udpbaimrgy is not less likely to sting you than zrsevbsmxi
rrvaulkgxw is a bee, qyusf is a crocodile, so qyusf is not more likely to sting you than rrvaulkgxw
eugdmjfdpst is a bee, lvuj is a crocodile, so lvuj is not more likely to sting you than eugdmjfdpst
polcas is a bee, kcp is a crocodile, so kcp is not more likely to sting you than polcas
dzldpgmp is a bee, qpgyohzrrdv is a crocodile, so qpgyohzrrdv is not more likely to sting you than dzldpgmp
nmtiht is a bee, jwz is a crocodile, so jwz is not more likely to sting you than nmtiht
vdyed is a squirrel, vffx is a rat, so vdyed is less likely to be on a street than vffx
impdi is a squirrel, unwbqdipa is a rat, so impdi is less likely to be on a street than unwbqdipa
erxqamq is a squirrel, xukd is a rat, so erxqamq is less likely to be on a street than xukd
ssd is a squirrel, sou is a rat, so ssd is less likely to be on a street than sou
qpjdut is a squirrel, igczpevvixn is a rat, so qpjdut is less likely to be on a street than igczpevvixn
sdnv is a squirrel, lnnvye is a rat, so lnnvye is less likely to be on a street than sdnv
vmgrcflji is a squirrel, vqtrv is a rat, so vqtrv is less likely to be on a street than vmgrcflji
vkq is a squirrel, mtqqker is a rat, so mtqqker is less likely to be on a street than vkq
bbodr is a squirrel, wszzzlbzap is a rat, so wszzzlbzap is less likely to be on a street than bbodr
ookih is a squirrel, vadn is a rat, so vadn is less likely to be on a street than ookih
gmtyira is a squirrel, bpyrmpvfnh is a rat, so gmtyira is not less likely to be on a street than bpyrmpvfnh
ogwcyfhcpynb is a squirrel, msnzpvxin is a rat, so ogwcyfhcpynb is not less likely to be on a street than msnzpvxin
ayjp is a squirrel, pcad is a rat, so ayjp is not less likely to be on a street than pcad
cflf is a squirrel, xvndcsw is a rat, so cflf is not less likely to be on a street than xvndcsw
ixzdqzfrqvpn is a squirrel, pnsrr is a rat, so ixzdqzfrqvpn is not less likely to be on a street than pnsrr
bjhpzq is a squirrel, amjg is a rat, so amjg is not more likely to be on a street than bjhpzq
xrpczdihthcz is a squirrel, akhtzynvpdl is a rat, so akhtzynvpdl is not more likely to be on a street than xrpczdihthcz
vqhvzzfx is a squirrel, rnjdjkpvh is a rat, so rnjdjkpvh is not more likely to be on a street than vqhvzzfx
opaku is a squirrel, ujpgxe is a rat, so ujpgxe is not more likely to be on a street than opaku
bukrrxqe is a squirrel, cij is a rat, so cij is not more likely to be on a street than bukrrxqe
fsepngctqqzj is a bird, vsgzxrqilda is a fish, so fsepngctqqzj is more likely to head south than vsgzxrqilda
aekqfrfe is a bird, vtmwupckz is a fish, so aekqfrfe is more likely to head south than vtmwupckz
gvmvhtmcec is a bird, phcevaz is a fish, so gvmvhtmcec is more likely to head south than phcevaz
pfjssqngjk is a bird, ftrisvvdcgfw is a fish, so pfjssqngjk is more likely to head south than ftrisvvdcgfw
yrf is a bird, xzwusenphrpc is a fish, so yrf is more likely to head south than xzwusenphrpc
yuc is a bird, wjmpwgoav is a fish, so wjmpwgoav is less likely to head south than yuc
ksfkqbbm is a bird, ojfhej is a fish, so ojfhej is less likely to head south than ksfkqbbm
gzjkjobg is a bird, nkf is a fish, so nkf is less likely to head south than gzjkjobg
qtsfgfflgnr is a bird, rdmttgr is a fish, so rdmttgr is less likely to head south than qtsfgfflgnr
kfllu is a bird, aysqgvoqkvig is a fish, so aysqgvoqkvig is less likely to head south than kfllu
vdtwcvb is a bird, pjqtclo is a fish, so vdtwcvb is not less likely to head south than pjqtclo
hgqnbw is a bird, pwtnfvqw is a fish, so hgqnbw is not less likely to head south than pwtnfvqw
lttkhz is a bird, multv is a fish, so lttkhz is not less likely to head south than multv
gtnjqyhusih is a bird, xnwq is a fish, so gtnjqyhusih is not less likely to head south than xnwq
ykahkxttpv is a bird, zmgmpchlkss is a fish, so ykahkxttpv is not less likely to head south than zmgmpchlkss
ujzzxk is a bird, jorskuse is a fish, so jorskuse is not more likely to head south than ujzzxk
jofpp is a bird, fuinkdgpmza is a fish, so fuinkdgpmza is not more likely to head south than jofpp
tec is a bird, qgpr is a fish, so qgpr is not more likely to head south than tec
zrwcxbsjbfc is a bird, dxplpnjkiiey is a fish, so dxplpnjkiiey is not more likely to head south than zrwcxbsjbfc
dxx is a bird, btvrtyatzg is a fish, so btvrtyatzg is not more likely to head south than dxx
qrcijxhlmct is a pianist, rplgj is a violinist, so qrcijxhlmct is more likely to perform concert than rplgj
iaybjdcuvm is a pianist, dmrgtfmcsld is a violinist, so iaybjdcuvm is more likely to perform concert than dmrgtfmcsld
pwl is a pianist, ytppfipmhru is a violinist, so pwl is more likely to perform concert than ytppfipmhru
iqeovtimstid is a pianist, ifimeqock is a violinist, so iqeovtimstid is more likely to perform concert than ifimeqock
nscexvahvca is a pianist, btl is a violinist, so nscexvahvca is more likely to perform concert than btl
isjsnbwkh is a pianist, aetlodjn is a violinist, so aetlodjn is less likely to perform concert than isjsnbwkh
twpm is a pianist, muttvefxqf is a violinist, so muttvefxqf is less likely to perform concert than twpm
ighandre is a pianist, zxxf is a violinist, so zxxf is less likely to perform concert than ighandre
zczwipgf is a pianist, tinjkiiinno is a violinist, so tinjkiiinno is less likely to perform concert than zczwipgf
nozm is a pianist, qsrdc is a violinist, so qsrdc is less likely to perform concert than nozm
dmrlm is a pianist, wgyouz is not, so dmrlm is not less likely to perform concert than wgyouz
fjmdu is a pianist, wyywumnkahnl is not, so fjmdu is not less likely to perform concert than wyywumnkahnl
kiqgkt is a pianist, cpl is not, so kiqgkt is not less likely to perform concert than cpl
cxqhg is a pianist, sunnenhqccwp is not, so cxqhg is not less likely to perform concert than sunnenhqccwp
hgkwzbrl is a pianist, qnbzpxjfg is not, so hgkwzbrl is not less likely to perform concert than qnbzpxjfg
zrdczjxcs is a pianist, kqrhccch is not, so kqrhccch is not more likely to perform concert than zrdczjxcs
rqciz is a pianist, beglxmcesy is not, so beglxmcesy is not more likely to perform concert than rqciz
jdcwawhwg is a pianist, phi is not, so phi is not more likely to perform concert than jdcwawhwg
goqr is a pianist, wtyjjhnlce is not, so wtyjjhnlce is not more likely to perform concert than goqr
ljuhzm is a pianist, uozgra is not, so uozgra is not more likely to perform concert than ljuhzm
yapre is a musical producer, xttkenj is a musician, so yapre is more likely to play musical well than xttkenj
cyrvsndagg is a musical producer, kymuw is a musician, so cyrvsndagg is more likely to play musical well than kymuw
zfvn is a musical producer, njahcatiigbd is a musician, so zfvn is more likely to play musical well than njahcatiigbd
bfdsupjmjypc is a musical producer, mmbfoswjw is a musician, so bfdsupjmjypc is more likely to play musical well than mmbfoswjw
mxyszeqfgpi is a musical producer, wmsmbb is a musician, so mxyszeqfgpi is more likely to play musical well than wmsmbb
mavlm is cghvy's producer, so cghvy is more likely to play musical well than mavlm
topsemtmc is vosc's producer, so vosc is more likely to play musical well than topsemtmc
ybaanti is ddpfowbckyw's producer, so ddpfowbckyw is more likely to play musical well than ybaanti
ghq is neqok's producer, so neqok is more likely to play musical well than ghq
lee is ubbxghrjl's producer, so ubbxghrjl is more likely to play musical well than lee
rukrvysuozs is a musical producer, mxznlfahzep is not, so rukrvysuozs is not less likely to play musical well than mxznlfahzep
jnmbokipr is a musical producer, qyg is not, so jnmbokipr is not less likely to play musical well than qyg
xtk is a musical producer, jmzej is not, so xtk is not less likely to play musical well than jmzej
gawozlw is a musical producer, zmzmt is not, so gawozlw is not less likely to play musical well than zmzmt
wpaieavnkk is a musical producer, xiwznkuqkcda is not, so wpaieavnkk is not less likely to play musical well than xiwznkuqkcda
lmosbfk is a producer, ynjhrwjbok is not, so ynjhrwjbok is not more likely to play musical well than lmosbfk
kvvazaweweu is a producer, pie is not, so pie is not more likely to play musical well than kvvazaweweu
iejrv is a producer, fymjahip is not, so fymjahip is not more likely to play musical well than iejrv
tnmhfo is a producer, pjtvf is not, so pjtvf is not more likely to play musical well than tnmhfo
qebnimafqbbr is a producer, oudld is not, so oudld is not more likely to play musical well than qebnimafqbbr
ubyoqprex is a engineer, nflxzexqxzm is not, so ubyoqprex is more likely to be engineer than nflxzexqxzm
giheirpt is a engineer, hbib is not, so giheirpt is more likely to be engineer than hbib
yrotbdxxz is a engineer, adsjcrogn is not, so yrotbdxxz is more likely to be engineer than adsjcrogn
ofeim is a engineer, bakhdzppmq is not, so ofeim is more likely to be engineer than bakhdzppmq
eslwuboyj is a engineer, ccwmrr is not, so eslwuboyj is more likely to be engineer than ccwmrr
qpqnememqty is a engineer, zieqwozixq is not, so zieqwozixq is less likely to be engineer than qpqnememqty
ftsehuyn is a engineer, bmrgdyilonzf is not, so bmrgdyilonzf is less likely to be engineer than ftsehuyn
xlcpupdihj is a engineer, zjoawbumgm is not, so zjoawbumgm is less likely to be engineer than xlcpupdihj
jeyr is a engineer, lyyqwj is not, so lyyqwj is less likely to be engineer than jeyr
xbhwwdwetmx is a engineer, hjxwrb is not, so hjxwrb is less likely to be engineer than xbhwwdwetmx
gzqwcfxzcv is a engineer, enn is not, so gzqwcfxzcv is not less likely to be engineer than enn
dmyen is a engineer, thz is not, so dmyen is not less likely to be engineer than thz
ljewrjdbgva is a engineer, xaqkzut is not, so ljewrjdbgva is not less likely to be engineer than xaqkzut
lsqfyqn is a engineer, inozdwi is not, so lsqfyqn is not less likely to be engineer than inozdwi
tstrwe is a engineer, uyyvgfusgn is not, so tstrwe is not less likely to be engineer than uyyvgfusgn
bfnxconz is not itlgz's engineer, so itlgz is not more likely to be engineer than bfnxconz
uaqabz is not mlkaiypwrp's engineer, so mlkaiypwrp is not more likely to be engineer than uaqabz
sduh is not nho's engineer, so nho is not more likely to be engineer than sduh
pheylavazeau is not hxzehtdjkz's engineer, so hxzehtdjkz is not more likely to be engineer than pheylavazeau
pvutvudsirjw is not sndbbxfpfjb's engineer, so sndbbxfpfjb is not more likely to be engineer than pvutvudsirjw
kpeyfogif is a banker, teqwildfslo is not, so kpeyfogif is less likely to borrow money from bank than teqwildfslo
osoj is a banker, qaaf is not, so osoj is less likely to borrow money from bank than qaaf
geuzugt is a banker, gapxcrnntwg is not, so geuzugt is less likely to borrow money from bank than gapxcrnntwg
cmvrdyjzf is a banker, rynyqijwmrq is not, so cmvrdyjzf is less likely to borrow money from bank than rynyqijwmrq
kzwjazgq is a banker, nmqdau is not, so kzwjazgq is less likely to borrow money from bank than nmqdau
jfskyq is a banker, cwxdg is not, so cwxdg is less likely to borrow money from bank than jfskyq
pcgijlmecw is a banker, tnwezsj is not, so tnwezsj is less likely to borrow money from bank than pcgijlmecw
crdr is a banker, kyoxidluilwv is not, so kyoxidluilwv is less likely to borrow money from bank than crdr
tjv is a banker, vwomstd is not, so vwomstd is less likely to borrow money from bank than tjv
bhbhsxyjkx is a banker, rewjqzhdw is not, so rewjqzhdw is less likely to borrow money from bank than bhbhsxyjkx
zcha is a banker, tswhyiafsybv is not, so zcha is not less likely to borrow money from bank than tswhyiafsybv
uwmfja is a banker, glbwwtctt is not, so uwmfja is not less likely to borrow money from bank than glbwwtctt
vmeh is a banker, spenjpnior is not, so vmeh is not less likely to borrow money from bank than spenjpnior
xsz is a banker, wog is not, so xsz is not less likely to borrow money from bank than wog
gjmigxtsn is a banker, pjbau is not, so gjmigxtsn is not less likely to borrow money from bank than pjbau
yqutdx is palzd's banker, so palzd is not more likely to borrow money from bank than yqutdx
oukijelb is soe's banker, so soe is not more likely to borrow money from bank than oukijelb
rpevzbybh is stpc's banker, so stpc is not more likely to borrow money from bank than rpevzbybh
ocfgrfvecmgz is zogcbcbrad's banker, so zogcbcbrad is not more likely to borrow money from bank than ocfgrfvecmgz
adgfvvcn is sbvmhnexz's banker, so sbvmhnexz is not more likely to borrow money from bank than adgfvvcn
zzixwxcqcymg is a singer, nxka is a dancer, so zzixwxcqcymg is more likely to act in play than nxka
sihdbaomnt is a singer, dtte is a dancer, so sihdbaomnt is more likely to act in play than dtte
dtjlnjzopf is a singer, swmestkmdwu is a dancer, so dtjlnjzopf is more likely to act in play than swmestkmdwu
mgejbcmv is a singer, gyjxdnlx is a dancer, so mgejbcmv is more likely to act in play than gyjxdnlx
xzgqcjjpcwoy is a singer, wihw is a dancer, so xzgqcjjpcwoy is more likely to act in play than wihw
raksym is a singer, qtbrwnugpt is a dancer, so qtbrwnugpt is less likely to act in play than raksym
zpeixukavfsl is a singer, mddlaiaxpqs is a dancer, so mddlaiaxpqs is less likely to act in play than zpeixukavfsl
wiijhzroaf is a singer, vwpfy is a dancer, so vwpfy is less likely to act in play than wiijhzroaf
jgldnofvrlae is a singer, dpyrrflk is a dancer, so dpyrrflk is less likely to act in play than jgldnofvrlae
blvupxmz is a singer, gcdfpr is a dancer, so gcdfpr is less likely to act in play than blvupxmz
ciqchzzy is a singer, lbxs is a dancer, so ciqchzzy is not less likely to act in play than lbxs
qhr is a singer, pfpryjr is a dancer, so qhr is not less likely to act in play than pfpryjr
rxllijlo is a singer, ybq is a dancer, so rxllijlo is not less likely to act in play than ybq
syrksw is a singer, szrpoqlbko is a dancer, so syrksw is not less likely to act in play than szrpoqlbko
sshefakktk is a singer, cjmid is a dancer, so sshefakktk is not less likely to act in play than cjmid
btrgzcaqklf is a singer, fjoskjpz is not, so fjoskjpz is not more likely to act in play than btrgzcaqklf
jibyjvp is a singer, klcrkft is not, so klcrkft is not more likely to act in play than jibyjvp
dsxeqmze is a singer, pjlmahkgeq is not, so pjlmahkgeq is not more likely to act in play than dsxeqmze
ngw is a singer, htk is not, so htk is not more likely to act in play than ngw
doaxxucwv is a singer, yovfhqknh is not, so yovfhqknh is not more likely to act in play than doaxxucwv
yoedh is a poet, uklsgc is a poet, so yoedh is more likely to express his emotion than uklsgc
jbacboostpxe is a poet, mfsdifiksq is a poet, so jbacboostpxe is more likely to express his emotion than mfsdifiksq
qwhoqnxv is a poet, wbbfpordm is a poet, so qwhoqnxv is more likely to express his emotion than wbbfpordm
vca is a poet, parodvdexub is a poet, so vca is more likely to express his emotion than parodvdexub
vptq is a poet, glhsdru is a poet, so vptq is more likely to express his emotion than glhsdru
ptfwkdliuco is a poet, dvsik is not, so dvsik is less likely to express his emotion than ptfwkdliuco
wzxia is a poet, xakubkchduo is not, so xakubkchduo is less likely to express his emotion than wzxia
pswedkjd is a poet, hbkfnrtgvc is not, so hbkfnrtgvc is less likely to express his emotion than pswedkjd
mrwwvnuqbii is a poet, uofyg is not, so uofyg is less likely to express his emotion than mrwwvnuqbii
kwfpsxwlwn is a poet, eku is not, so eku is less likely to express his emotion than kwfpsxwlwn
bquhsdfid is a poet, xjwwgxqtypv is not, so bquhsdfid is not less likely to express his emotion than xjwwgxqtypv
mghwh is a poet, qeh is not, so mghwh is not less likely to express his emotion than qeh
ygbut is a poet, dlcuvlyngavh is not, so ygbut is not less likely to express his emotion than dlcuvlyngavh
twyclykmesmp is a poet, qzprfbkutncw is not, so twyclykmesmp is not less likely to express his emotion than qzprfbkutncw
rgwg is a poet, aetxesmqexf is not, so rgwg is not less likely to express his emotion than aetxesmqexf
ixvkot is a poet, tqpfjp is not, so tqpfjp is not more likely to express his emotion than ixvkot
aafsyzegnqbo is a poet, cft is not, so cft is not more likely to express his emotion than aafsyzegnqbo
kaov is a poet, dqaqyeqst is not, so dqaqyeqst is not more likely to express his emotion than kaov
mdfqxhluvadw is a poet, xhaqrmeeu is not, so xhaqrmeeu is not more likely to express his emotion than mdfqxhluvadw
yxjxfqa is a poet, lvxp is not, so lvxp is not more likely to express his emotion than yxjxfqa
lffr is more likely to play baseball than hfbyrei, so lffr is less likely to play baseball than hfbyrei
hwy is more likely to play baseball than dbogdlbszi, so hwy is less likely to play baseball than dbogdlbszi
ityiblusbfa is more likely to play baseball than hwvnrihrved, so ityiblusbfa is less likely to play baseball than hwvnrihrved
qkqeapalb is more likely to play baseball than aadahlrqchsq, so qkqeapalb is less likely to play baseball than aadahlrqchsq
ldr is more likely to play baseball than yub, so ldr is less likely to play baseball than yub
qltnmquwgfd is less likely to play baseball than zftnkv, so zftnkv is less likely to play baseball than qltnmquwgfd
vpesfobanl is less likely to play baseball than bespirldv, so bespirldv is less likely to play baseball than vpesfobanl
pbxtp is less likely to play baseball than xiipexat, so xiipexat is less likely to play baseball than pbxtp
wxtyi is less likely to play baseball than shnfzxq, so shnfzxq is less likely to play baseball than wxtyi
dxo is less likely to play baseball than aravmsxa, so aravmsxa is less likely to play baseball than dxo
pemedthgqa is able to play baseball more than wlcxwddgumwu, so pemedthgqa is not less likely to play baseball than wlcxwddgumwu
cblcsceg is able to play baseball more than yjjksk, so cblcsceg is not less likely to play baseball than yjjksk
kecsssssmn is able to play baseball more than rbo, so kecsssssmn is not less likely to play baseball than rbo
bjckjajooy is able to play baseball more than uvuhhpd, so bjckjajooy is not less likely to play baseball than uvuhhpd
thenhxuai is able to play baseball more than zjosvmkdgdqa, so thenhxuai is not less likely to play baseball than zjosvmkdgdqa
pgwbver is smaller than qlsgv, so qlsgv is not more likely to play baseball than pgwbver
rszklebtc is smaller than ocpe, so ocpe is not more likely to play baseball than rszklebtc
dwqodxbyqgys is smaller than nrxvmzn, so nrxvmzn is not more likely to play baseball than dwqodxbyqgys
lgzevwzhutq is smaller than xqdzuplc, so xqdzuplc is not more likely to play baseball than lgzevwzhutq
jigswnrjmn is smaller than upw, so upw is not more likely to play baseball than jigswnrjmn
umafhaekpgcw is able to hit triple more than mccv, so umafhaekpgcw is more likely to hit triple than mccv
jbzohfeeho is able to hit triple more than ibngvvw, so jbzohfeeho is more likely to hit triple than ibngvvw
nup is able to hit triple more than qnjimirjwf, so nup is more likely to hit triple than qnjimirjwf
qizmqtofl is able to hit triple more than bjknamvafnx, so qizmqtofl is more likely to hit triple than bjknamvafnx
pkjqo is able to hit triple more than cozfaytewdc, so pkjqo is more likely to hit triple than cozfaytewdc
oinwjfqsmo is less likely to hit triple than zojb, so zojb is less likely to hit triple than oinwjfqsmo
wgkqzh is less likely to hit triple than nibhwhadhafv, so nibhwhadhafv is less likely to hit triple than wgkqzh
dgczbjxwyv is less likely to hit triple than gwfvhdo, so gwfvhdo is less likely to hit triple than dgczbjxwyv
mvuf is less likely to hit triple than apahatvec, so apahatvec is less likely to hit triple than mvuf
tne is less likely to hit triple than jheasxnh, so jheasxnh is less likely to hit triple than tne
hufhrxhj is able to hit triple more than zld, so hufhrxhj is not less likely to hit triple than zld
pnwzsfx is able to hit triple more than oaqyjc, so pnwzsfx is not less likely to hit triple than oaqyjc
qimeljtp is able to hit triple more than chinhl, so qimeljtp is not less likely to hit triple than chinhl
gbovuirdhj is able to hit triple more than ortzbisvva, so gbovuirdhj is not less likely to hit triple than ortzbisvva
xhuifubalw is able to hit triple more than fahrolri, so xhuifubalw is not less likely to hit triple than fahrolri
ylkxbdrcci is able to hit triple more than tksqnjuctf, so tksqnjuctf is not more likely to hit triple than ylkxbdrcci
xfbnxudzm is able to hit triple more than nzpnjysem, so nzpnjysem is not more likely to hit triple than xfbnxudzm
sdbktqsfzn is able to hit triple more than zjulhlrdrrs, so zjulhlrdrrs is not more likely to hit triple than sdbktqsfzn
xshiuythdzqa is able to hit triple more than acy, so acy is not more likely to hit triple than xshiuythdzqa
zicsttnzvrsx is able to hit triple more than xdli, so xdli is not more likely to hit triple than zicsttnzvrsx
tecxvylpg is able to settle dispute more than thrszohgq, so tecxvylpg is more likely to settle dispute than thrszohgq
avnxso is able to settle dispute more than gzipagl, so avnxso is more likely to settle dispute than gzipagl
fqfcblthvp is able to settle dispute more than qyszcq, so fqfcblthvp is more likely to settle dispute than qyszcq
zqwiftcgmi is able to settle dispute more than rnh, so zqwiftcgmi is more likely to settle dispute than rnh
esmapydeerdm is able to settle dispute more than vhx, so esmapydeerdm is more likely to settle dispute than vhx
lvvi is a judge, nbcnowrpn is a lawyer, so nbcnowrpn is less likely to settle dispute than lvvi
nxoqvewlofq is a judge, gyrbkqqplpny is a lawyer, so gyrbkqqplpny is less likely to settle dispute than nxoqvewlofq
nkubps is a judge, fqkstejn is a lawyer, so fqkstejn is less likely to settle dispute than nkubps
spmosxizrluv is a judge, jzdqkphk is a lawyer, so jzdqkphk is less likely to settle dispute than spmosxizrluv
omafubpak is a judge, une is a lawyer, so une is less likely to settle dispute than omafubpak
lknckhxmzmen is a judge, yvkfygc is not, so lknckhxmzmen is not less likely to settle dispute than yvkfygc
ckzz is a judge, fvjf is not, so ckzz is not less likely to settle dispute than fvjf
jlalhoh is a judge, kgtcosivzi is not, so jlalhoh is not less likely to settle dispute than kgtcosivzi
dgokldumoghs is a judge, tstguwvwem is not, so dgokldumoghs is not less likely to settle dispute than tstguwvwem
ankvivoobp is a judge, sncoiczvciq is not, so ankvivoobp is not less likely to settle dispute than sncoiczvciq
egwyvf is not bic's judge, so bic is not less likely to settle dispute than egwyvf
oebx is not iumgenyj's judge, so iumgenyj is not less likely to settle dispute than oebx
kfeitgzu is not ysznzplmizw's judge, so ysznzplmizw is not less likely to settle dispute than kfeitgzu
icurqhsia is not xmzemh's judge, so xmzemh is not less likely to settle dispute than icurqhsia
mmpfqjeqsz is not zkzvrqhyhmu's judge, so zkzvrqhyhmu is not less likely to settle dispute than mmpfqjeqsz
zjvclsrgg is nsydvw's parent, so zjvclsrgg is more likely to raise his child than nsydvw
byx is fgvhvdziosm's parent, so byx is more likely to raise his child than fgvhvdziosm
trmqrk is ceeycfficui's parent, so trmqrk is more likely to raise his child than ceeycfficui
fdryyu is rdlgv's parent, so fdryyu is more likely to raise his child than rdlgv
gtnj is ahfb's parent, so gtnj is more likely to raise his child than ahfb
obbthblpm is gnaajkshcrp's parent, so gnaajkshcrp is less likely to raise his child than obbthblpm
rcpbn is jyohsxuat's parent, so jyohsxuat is less likely to raise his child than rcpbn
qnvhlaoojkdj is bpb's parent, so bpb is less likely to raise his child than qnvhlaoojkdj
zqxtk is vzrs's parent, so vzrs is less likely to raise his child than zqxtk
djnpxokf is vlquotc's parent, so vlquotc is less likely to raise his child than djnpxokf
szon is nbir's parent, so szon is not less likely to raise his child than nbir
ippw is wuiaazg's parent, so ippw is not less likely to raise his child than wuiaazg
bvfgmti is uuuyafbqnvxp's parent, so bvfgmti is not less likely to raise his child than uuuyafbqnvxp
pkynvpqvbeiu is brhrpeyeuzro's parent, so pkynvpqvbeiu is not less likely to raise his child than brhrpeyeuzro
mvckc is bjqjyhifetdu's parent, so mvckc is not less likely to raise his child than bjqjyhifetdu
pcenkmhfbbz is ifidielbw's parent, so ifidielbw is not more likely to raise his child than pcenkmhfbbz
xfslkxkxuy is iiysrtba's parent, so iiysrtba is not more likely to raise his child than xfslkxkxuy
msjaaycr is zfjxeictibjo's parent, so zfjxeictibjo is not more likely to raise his child than msjaaycr
xbgrcijvpxd is ppgngx's parent, so ppgngx is not more likely to raise his child than xbgrcijvpxd
birqyyrsbwdr is ayktip's parent, so ayktip is not more likely to raise his child than birqyyrsbwdr
xpszcza is achemist, mad is a chemist, so xpszcza is less likely to experiment than mad
tlztjvte is achemist, xolmsvll is a chemist, so tlztjvte is less likely to experiment than xolmsvll
pcgunok is achemist, vmreacjkci is a chemist, so pcgunok is less likely to experiment than vmreacjkci
stpddkmiwumv is achemist, axj is a chemist, so stpddkmiwumv is less likely to experiment than axj
okddsyydik is achemist, dfx is a chemist, so okddsyydik is less likely to experiment than dfx
ekardkitq is achemist, wdiou is a chemist, so wdiou is less likely to experiment than ekardkitq
bjvbim is achemist, kvxlqjuwlmd is a chemist, so kvxlqjuwlmd is less likely to experiment than bjvbim
uxeeyxqlnhh is achemist, hpde is a chemist, so hpde is less likely to experiment than uxeeyxqlnhh
urersi is achemist, tkbnlmdqtjaa is a chemist, so tkbnlmdqtjaa is less likely to experiment than urersi
jythpxzcmw is achemist, kgvurjzcd is a chemist, so kgvurjzcd is less likely to experiment than jythpxzcmw
vcukof is achemist, ukbhpgatekd is a chemist, so vcukof is not less likely to experiment than ukbhpgatekd
ctdzeuvpqfq is achemist, ukxhaggdve is a chemist, so ctdzeuvpqfq is not less likely to experiment than ukxhaggdve
dohmulaeaw is achemist, hddbbrujwwem is a chemist, so dohmulaeaw is not less likely to experiment than hddbbrujwwem
qch is achemist, oybzsptoasf is a chemist, so qch is not less likely to experiment than oybzsptoasf
mgkig is achemist, glrgwb is a chemist, so mgkig is not less likely to experiment than glrgwb
lrivxq is achemist, zptmwq is not, so zptmwq is not more likely to experiment than lrivxq
skyjtu is achemist, jpdrhtr is not, so jpdrhtr is not more likely to experiment than skyjtu
lpag is achemist, tobiihdotglk is not, so tobiihdotglk is not more likely to experiment than lpag
xybrrvikn is achemist, lteyapefl is not, so lteyapefl is not more likely to experiment than xybrrvikn
ifbwsyrjmqol is achemist, fqx is not, so fqx is not more likely to experiment than ifbwsyrjmqol
dkhsqx is a baker, yfjxjre is a baker, so dkhsqx is less likely to shop than yfjxjre
lnutjxlnj is a baker, xxea is a baker, so lnutjxlnj is less likely to shop than xxea
hjnqo is a baker, wmzld is a baker, so hjnqo is less likely to shop than wmzld
juiadfuur is a baker, qpurzkpnopq is a baker, so juiadfuur is less likely to shop than qpurzkpnopq
oqgluk is a baker, naljzmeunnvw is a baker, so oqgluk is less likely to shop than naljzmeunnvw
swzduy is a baker, jgtzuobebed is a baker, so jgtzuobebed is less likely to shop than swzduy
idwoel is a baker, lajdfe is a baker, so lajdfe is less likely to shop than idwoel
gbnpe is a baker, ptsi is a baker, so ptsi is less likely to shop than gbnpe
buvjzcnimdir is a baker, gtz is a baker, so gtz is less likely to shop than buvjzcnimdir
lhn is a baker, zrnkbj is a baker, so zrnkbj is less likely to shop than lhn
mfl is a baker, xdumqolqxt is not, so mfl is not less likely to shop than xdumqolqxt
ubylwlvkyiw is a baker, swq is not, so ubylwlvkyiw is not less likely to shop than swq
sssc is a baker, ytcjdghtgz is not, so sssc is not less likely to shop than ytcjdghtgz
gtybbbeqgg is a baker, grlqdzy is not, so gtybbbeqgg is not less likely to shop than grlqdzy
uotewptm is a baker, lprpnbcq is not, so uotewptm is not less likely to shop than lprpnbcq
gzrbnwmqdx is a baker, ztkskuhobfgk is not, so ztkskuhobfgk is not more likely to shop than gzrbnwmqdx
aiozwummgb is a baker, sqwnnqpi is not, so sqwnnqpi is not more likely to shop than aiozwummgb
iuhnrs is a baker, lsgiclb is not, so lsgiclb is not more likely to shop than iuhnrs
eyqiheyf is a baker, iuuwdbg is not, so iuuwdbg is not more likely to shop than eyqiheyf
xrbwved is a baker, difohdanexor is not, so difohdanexor is not more likely to shop than xrbwved
daqezqqoy is trmxnqco'sauditor, so daqezqqoy is more likely to monitor auditory activity than trmxnqco
gtlsqjaxsr is rmngze'sauditor, so gtlsqjaxsr is more likely to monitor auditory activity than rmngze
bccvsl is qtsceeh'sauditor, so bccvsl is more likely to monitor auditory activity than qtsceeh
mgmohuttcnbg is kkvumfodlh'sauditor, so mgmohuttcnbg is more likely to monitor auditory activity than kkvumfodlh
elg is fzm'sauditor, so elg is more likely to monitor auditory activity than fzm
slk is riug'sauditor, so riug is less likely to monitor auditory activity than slk
gsp is jorom'sauditor, so jorom is less likely to monitor auditory activity than gsp
jyom is ccbadwhhxuq'sauditor, so ccbadwhhxuq is less likely to monitor auditory activity than jyom
icocao is ioqwqtzzvj'sauditor, so ioqwqtzzvj is less likely to monitor auditory activity than icocao
lnlautr is pipwnltthq'sauditor, so pipwnltthq is less likely to monitor auditory activity than lnlautr
fgyyhhx is gwrdmt'sauditor, so fgyyhhx is not less likely to monitor auditory activity than gwrdmt
xxez is jtn'sauditor, so xxez is not less likely to monitor auditory activity than jtn
aqvgcbchyvj is qrx'sauditor, so aqvgcbchyvj is not less likely to monitor auditory activity than qrx
yqntwvtqr is fmnr'sauditor, so yqntwvtqr is not less likely to monitor auditory activity than fmnr
dpdfpiegmu is ydxrlrj'sauditor, so dpdfpiegmu is not less likely to monitor auditory activity than ydxrlrj
gozsxim is the auditor, thmoos is not, so thmoos is not more likely to monitor auditory activity than gozsxim
glapmgd is the auditor, vqr is not, so vqr is not more likely to monitor auditory activity than glapmgd
rgqheolu is the auditor, zzwzohfzmz is not, so zzwzohfzmz is not more likely to monitor auditory activity than rgqheolu
zssgf is the auditor, wetmwdjelsv is not, so wetmwdjelsv is not more likely to monitor auditory activity than zssgf
kwci is the auditor, tfjoem is not, so tfjoem is not more likely to monitor auditory activity than kwci
fhco is ascientist, ynotwjf is a scientist, so fhco is more likely to research than ynotwjf
jvqnnkgxjigi is ascientist, updzdiubasdj is a scientist, so jvqnnkgxjigi is more likely to research than updzdiubasdj
cgpgvhtg is ascientist, yib is a scientist, so cgpgvhtg is more likely to research than yib
wneytm is ascientist, catyzkj is a scientist, so wneytm is more likely to research than catyzkj
ebugcvwlar is ascientist, arikr is a scientist, so ebugcvwlar is more likely to research than arikr
efd is ascientist, brwfzah is not, so brwfzah does less research than efd
xzxk is ascientist, weovsjukyo is not, so weovsjukyo does less research than xzxk
njkdsndjhzy is ascientist, whg is not, so whg does less research than njkdsndjhzy
kuxfqdlenrtz is ascientist, mlm is not, so mlm does less research than kuxfqdlenrtz
bcrgdttoe is ascientist, esnhzfkxciq is not, so esnhzfkxciq does less research than bcrgdttoe
dcbhsorfwmmj is a scientist, dcgvwbvweyeq is not, so dcbhsorfwmmj is not less likely to research than dcgvwbvweyeq
kknsrq is a scientist, rgzgulwkjr is not, so kknsrq is not less likely to research than rgzgulwkjr
gvnpuca is a scientist, bet is not, so gvnpuca is not less likely to research than bet
hxwe is a scientist, mhefmffvwkm is not, so hxwe is not less likely to research than mhefmffvwkm
ujbbbgjc is a scientist, klatfsgc is not, so ujbbbgjc is not less likely to research than klatfsgc
ycfwvrjmxy is a scientist, lnaayc is not, so lnaayc is not more likely to research than ycfwvrjmxy
mignzzxtfn is a scientist, izltvjeoxgtt is not, so izltvjeoxgtt is not more likely to research than mignzzxtfn
cllme is a scientist, gwgcdwzns is not, so gwgcdwzns is not more likely to research than cllme
qtxyltzde is a scientist, aahkrxslgrvf is not, so aahkrxslgrvf is not more likely to research than qtxyltzde
ergeyswcybo is a scientist, zsfm is not, so zsfm is not more likely to research than ergeyswcybo
zjpvidvlsz is a singer, vqqcs is a rapper, so zjpvidvlsz is more likely to perform performance than vqqcs
plkzyo is a singer, ecttm is a rapper, so plkzyo is more likely to perform performance than ecttm
dqkh is a singer, wmxue is a rapper, so dqkh is more likely to perform performance than wmxue
gquwnlm is a singer, njgexnzdpv is a rapper, so gquwnlm is more likely to perform performance than njgexnzdpv
duikryk is a singer, dlgglkxslr is a rapper, so duikryk is more likely to perform performance than dlgglkxslr
uezkb is a singer, cwrwmf is not, so cwrwmf is less likely to perform performance than uezkb
vjfcq is a singer, zwoev is not, so zwoev is less likely to perform performance than vjfcq
pvurdhwimjpo is a singer, nawrkyosjlby is not, so nawrkyosjlby is less likely to perform performance than pvurdhwimjpo
uvkwdmmt is a singer, ybwfams is not, so ybwfams is less likely to perform performance than uvkwdmmt
mxcr is a singer, tqmtqnsxise is not, so tqmtqnsxise is less likely to perform performance than mxcr
odmibfnung is a singer, xydvmerhffat is not, so odmibfnung is not more likely to perform than xydvmerhffat
trdiygneoxs is a singer, mcm is not, so trdiygneoxs is not more likely to perform than mcm
powpsmecs is a singer, bulyke is not, so powpsmecs is not more likely to perform than bulyke
jmhkjtp is a singer, dhqtyswyv is not, so jmhkjtp is not more likely to perform than dhqtyswyv
fwszgp is a singer, ajtwipw is not, so fwszgp is not more likely to perform than ajtwipw
sqvy is a singer, ofkewstmkmmw is not, so ofkewstmkmmw is not more likely to perform than sqvy
kliadxi is a singer, wxfr is not, so wxfr is not more likely to perform than kliadxi
llpammq is a singer, uwmzq is not, so uwmzq is not more likely to perform than llpammq
mwyir is a singer, lfukcnw is not, so lfukcnw is not more likely to perform than mwyir
bklaoriwnv is a singer, xmjjcxrbvvuo is not, so xmjjcxrbvvuo is not more likely to perform than bklaoriwnv
ftiolaiw is vwhv's boss, so ftiolaiw is more likely to be in the head team than vwhv
axwgcfxsa is pnr's boss, so axwgcfxsa is more likely to be in the head team than pnr
rjg is oaulnyvbmm's boss, so rjg is more likely to be in the head team than oaulnyvbmm
zlmespwi is pouwhku's boss, so zlmespwi is more likely to be in the head team than pouwhku
telsyrkflnem is hgfzpstvl's boss, so telsyrkflnem is more likely to be in the head team than hgfzpstvl
yiwtrsiexxuy is gyyfntwzomo's boss, so gyyfntwzomo is less likely to be head of the team than yiwtrsiexxuy
ljgtrktnk is trl's boss, so trl is less likely to be head of the team than ljgtrktnk
ygor is inkotjhxqbhb's boss, so inkotjhxqbhb is less likely to be head of the team than ygor
fazj is dgcvsoymuzp's boss, so dgcvsoymuzp is less likely to be head of the team than fazj
ytor is brqnxeavyf's boss, so brqnxeavyf is less likely to be head of the team than ytor
byza is the team chief, ijtfvklz is not, so byza is not less head team than ijtfvklz
jmiss is the team chief, pdq is not, so jmiss is not less head team than pdq
ctxwpsjt is the team chief, zlqfvvhp is not, so ctxwpsjt is not less head team than zlqfvvhp
wvdpre is the team chief, nijy is not, so wvdpre is not less head team than nijy
qciwicnnq is the team chief, jkvctzukrk is not, so qciwicnnq is not less head team than jkvctzukrk
gadguud is the team's chief, mbg is not, so mbg is not more head team than gadguud
mwekwamomd is the team's chief, wcip is not, so wcip is not more head team than mwekwamomd
rvqbmzbzoiw is the team's chief, dsligmgkar is not, so dsligmgkar is not more head team than rvqbmzbzoiw
azs is the team's chief, cpsealxfv is not, so cpsealxfv is not more head team than azs
durslkyblvsp is the team's chief, tdqhpk is not, so tdqhpk is not more head team than durslkyblvsp
dadbemkmr is yuixekhevatu's clerk, so dadbemkmr is less likely to cash your check than yuixekhevatu
bzmjze is xtqrlhplznuf's clerk, so bzmjze is less likely to cash your check than xtqrlhplznuf
owrc is ucipk's clerk, so owrc is less likely to cash your check than ucipk
img is tcznefaez's clerk, so img is less likely to cash your check than tcznefaez
xrlkwttmq is hbfsziw's clerk, so xrlkwttmq is less likely to cash your check than hbfsziw
nvuohn is a clerk, gdnub is a clerk, so gdnub is less likely to cash your check than nvuohn
lnmpjnfbd is a clerk, nlrvknwhh is a clerk, so nlrvknwhh is less likely to cash your check than lnmpjnfbd
wffoegn is a clerk, afsytrcpkg is a clerk, so afsytrcpkg is less likely to cash your check than wffoegn
lsxnnaevh is a clerk, mwgaxpvq is a clerk, so mwgaxpvq is less likely to cash your check than lsxnnaevh
vtylimd is a clerk, redvxhc is a clerk, so redvxhc is less likely to cash your check than vtylimd
dwyhulq is a clerk, gpcbxei is not, so dwyhulq is not less likely to cash your check than gpcbxei
limzxz is a clerk, dvcvlnysdk is not, so limzxz is not less likely to cash your check than dvcvlnysdk
hyzqygfjp is a clerk, srl is not, so hyzqygfjp is not less likely to cash your check than srl
dumsgq is a clerk, kvfbi is not, so dumsgq is not less likely to cash your check than kvfbi
vyvkpd is a clerk, bkzdjyfky is not, so vyvkpd is not less likely to cash your check than bkzdjyfky
brmt is a clerk, leytedw is not, so leytedw is not more likely to cash your check than brmt
gmdorwebytw is a clerk, kmyykfbkur is not, so kmyykfbkur is not more likely to cash your check than gmdorwebytw
yrrsc is a clerk, xtuobxzwo is not, so xtuobxzwo is not more likely to cash your check than yrrsc
gitxphfia is a clerk, gtcmtbh is not, so gtcmtbh is not more likely to cash your check than gitxphfia
rrlbkmbt is a clerk, una is not, so una is not more likely to cash your check than rrlbkmbt
ipyl is the chef, ohscaeillct is the bread chicken, so ipyl is more bread chicken than ohscaeillct
rudatkelqoft is the chef, xwgnwmomi is the bread chicken, so rudatkelqoft is more bread chicken than xwgnwmomi
hxrbztjltkfx is the chef, ebskogdvkb is the bread chicken, so hxrbztjltkfx is more bread chicken than ebskogdvkb
dwqx is the chef, bxblhsefvv is the bread chicken, so dwqx is more bread chicken than bxblhsefvv
opezztselqi is the chef, lvwxpbtss is the bread chicken, so opezztselqi is more bread chicken than lvwxpbtss
xugmmdqyjusj is the chef, nnmczgu is the bread chicken, so nnmczgu is less likely to bread chicken than xugmmdqyjusj
jzgumjl is the chef, mljoq is the bread chicken, so mljoq is less likely to bread chicken than jzgumjl
mujubsamdb is the chef, suh is the bread chicken, so suh is less likely to bread chicken than mujubsamdb
ansapvjtnxhl is the chef, imqsswhm is the bread chicken, so imqsswhm is less likely to bread chicken than ansapvjtnxhl
vin is the chef, pmmvzurivj is the bread chicken, so pmmvzurivj is less likely to bread chicken than vin
utfjliz is a chef, eswdhavrqcym is a bread chicken, so utfjliz is not more bread chicken than eswdhavrqcym
hddmmqt is a chef, jkpdaxc is a bread chicken, so hddmmqt is not more bread chicken than jkpdaxc
ttgltocsje is a chef, hlo is a bread chicken, so ttgltocsje is not more bread chicken than hlo
wuzupblzntz is a chef, pcydcbqifqq is a bread chicken, so wuzupblzntz is not more bread chicken than pcydcbqifqq
vnistnaelbdn is a chef, rbwbx is a bread chicken, so vnistnaelbdn is not more bread chicken than rbwbx
heppjxo is a chef, otwr is not, so otwr is not more bread chicken than heppjxo
opgfnygo is a chef, ccc is not, so ccc is not more bread chicken than opgfnygo
gbxkpflkgggf is a chef, qzigemdlshj is not, so qzigemdlshj is not more bread chicken than gbxkpflkgggf
rlwg is a chef, tyrc is not, so tyrc is not more bread chicken than rlwg
bhd is a chef, hrn is not, so hrn is not more bread chicken than bhd
wgmcjl is a real estate developer, ymprefuubjtm is a house builder, so wgmcjl is less likely to build house than ymprefuubjtm
fmxswv is a real estate developer, virzpm is a house builder, so fmxswv is less likely to build house than virzpm
wruj is a real estate developer, ezag is a house builder, so wruj is less likely to build house than ezag
ihza is a real estate developer, dfxktztlwg is a house builder, so ihza is less likely to build house than dfxktztlwg
rrcf is a real estate developer, xyyamffd is a house builder, so rrcf is less likely to build house than xyyamffd
uws is a realestatedeveloper, bdotubbsorq is not, so bdotubbsorq is less likely to build house than uws
racsg is a realestatedeveloper, amx is not, so amx is less likely to build house than racsg
xyvwscdimlt is a realestatedeveloper, hublcdcd is not, so hublcdcd is less likely to build house than xyvwscdimlt
engvhsiv is a realestatedeveloper, xgmes is not, so xgmes is less likely to build house than engvhsiv
ysbzkb is a realestatedeveloper, lfdrtbkfa is not, so lfdrtbkfa is less likely to build house than ysbzkb
kpkrldn is a realestatedeveloper, ffpirg is not, so kpkrldn is not less likely to build house than ffpirg
njmzdidwszfr is a realestatedeveloper, fozquzex is not, so njmzdidwszfr is not less likely to build house than fozquzex
rmcpxjw is a realestatedeveloper, ncnipxrdk is not, so rmcpxjw is not less likely to build house than ncnipxrdk
lcxanctg is a realestatedeveloper, ahduxso is not, so lcxanctg is not less likely to build house than ahduxso
jweuwpccirx is a realestatedeveloper, dqmlgio is not, so jweuwpccirx is not less likely to build house than dqmlgio
xpdsrcqa is a realestate developer, aomb is not, so aomb is not more likely to build house than xpdsrcqa
jxskufuo is a realestate developer, upesgkkrqjnq is not, so upesgkkrqjnq is not more likely to build house than jxskufuo
zctbrxjv is a realestate developer, nni is not, so nni is not more likely to build house than zctbrxjv
apdegggy is a realestate developer, etmkni is not, so etmkni is not more likely to build house than apdegggy
pdzp is a realestate developer, pkesija is not, so pkesija is not more likely to build house than pdzp
jjjqraqk is a carpenter, sqsetmmharxd is not, so jjjqraqk is more likely to fix window than sqsetmmharxd
cncvbu is a carpenter, hytllsi is not, so cncvbu is more likely to fix window than hytllsi
ifip is a carpenter, hqeqkeoiby is not, so ifip is more likely to fix window than hqeqkeoiby
elvpk is a carpenter, hvqnycygljfm is not, so elvpk is more likely to fix window than hvqnycygljfm
pymlnaa is a carpenter, rku is not, so pymlnaa is more likely to fix window than rku
fuuvt is a carpenter, xpe is not, so xpe is less likely to fix window than fuuvt
iqktrnyevmhh is a carpenter, ldjkdyhqytto is not, so ldjkdyhqytto is less likely to fix window than iqktrnyevmhh
zxfc is a carpenter, csujuhr is not, so csujuhr is less likely to fix window than zxfc
sjbyqksqx is a carpenter, azyumkbu is not, so azyumkbu is less likely to fix window than sjbyqksqx
jikctjgeb is a carpenter, shposj is not, so shposj is less likely to fix window than jikctjgeb
unjchcvib is a carpenter, xltcnimftrr is not, so unjchcvib is not less likely to fix window than xltcnimftrr
dupmpqocszc is a carpenter, ytjjqlge is not, so dupmpqocszc is not less likely to fix window than ytjjqlge
khueosuhkb is a carpenter, mslqie is not, so khueosuhkb is not less likely to fix window than mslqie
fcyqsyxtxo is a carpenter, sudzn is not, so fcyqsyxtxo is not less likely to fix window than sudzn
hjhhtqsv is a carpenter, cbomruguhn is not, so hjhhtqsv is not less likely to fix window than cbomruguhn
belahlnolzh is a carpenter, myx is not, so myx is not more likely to fix window than belahlnolzh
zuuk is a carpenter, rssizc is not, so rssizc is not more likely to fix window than zuuk
cryisw is a carpenter, hquvs is not, so hquvs is not more likely to fix window than cryisw
uvsu is a carpenter, aplakoytey is not, so aplakoytey is not more likely to fix window than uvsu
xefkaewbvedo is a carpenter, ktp is not, so ktp is not more likely to fix window than xefkaewbvedo
nacdykp is a delivery man, qceghqkwtti is a grocer, so nacdykp is less likely to carry grocery than qceghqkwtti
gucbux is a delivery man, muchhcwrjxo is a grocer, so gucbux is less likely to carry grocery than muchhcwrjxo
czanenleshn is a delivery man, rykiopfzvhq is a grocer, so czanenleshn is less likely to carry grocery than rykiopfzvhq
qhsot is a delivery man, ezfdm is a grocer, so qhsot is less likely to carry grocery than ezfdm
zev is a delivery man, mdxgwtnqojtj is a grocer, so zev is less likely to carry grocery than mdxgwtnqojtj
hmgicceoht is a delivery man, ekn is not, so ekn is less likely to carry grocery than hmgicceoht
ejid is a delivery man, cgqbaeoxel is not, so cgqbaeoxel is less likely to carry grocery than ejid
ypfn is a delivery man, guxiljomnng is not, so guxiljomnng is less likely to carry grocery than ypfn
rabmkdoyh is a delivery man, xjjh is not, so xjjh is less likely to carry grocery than rabmkdoyh
wja is a delivery man, ssn is not, so ssn is less likely to carry grocery than wja
vrtefg is the delivery man, dacwjrevqaj is not, so vrtefg is not less likely to carry grocery than dacwjrevqaj
draxtgbtwzon is the delivery man, slntolphoyx is not, so draxtgbtwzon is not less likely to carry grocery than slntolphoyx
pva is the delivery man, uygjsjpypb is not, so pva is not less likely to carry grocery than uygjsjpypb
kdpxpuwp is the delivery man, hkfiuby is not, so kdpxpuwp is not less likely to carry grocery than hkfiuby
gsscbmk is the delivery man, mfgcops is not, so gsscbmk is not less likely to carry grocery than mfgcops
okzugskpmj is the delivery man, poqpm is not, so poqpm is not more likely to carry grocery than okzugskpmj
sjdmkgaqlpv is the delivery man, cjragne is not, so cjragne is not more likely to carry grocery than sjdmkgaqlpv
vklcaw is the delivery man, bgmnoxnsa is not, so bgmnoxnsa is not more likely to carry grocery than vklcaw
lagkdl is the delivery man, bfdi is not, so bfdi is not more likely to carry grocery than lagkdl
oydl is the delivery man, cjesukb is not, so cjesukb is not more likely to carry grocery than oydl
cokgbymxq is a pensioner, mprhlnux is not, so cokgbymxq is less likely to walk than mprhlnux
rzarmouvpujn is a pensioner, fnmxdsffxy is not, so rzarmouvpujn is less likely to walk than fnmxdsffxy
latlbonjnbsb is a pensioner, ddwqee is not, so latlbonjnbsb is less likely to walk than ddwqee
slxhfbtc is a pensioner, oplpc is not, so slxhfbtc is less likely to walk than oplpc
mjpwgepvv is a pensioner, igyw is not, so mjpwgepvv is less likely to walk than igyw
xpjmcrx is a pensioner, uxhbb is not, so uxhbb is less likely to walk than xpjmcrx
ygyrfofl is a pensioner, ilphrzafj is not, so ilphrzafj is less likely to walk than ygyrfofl
koozfdoo is a pensioner, ybieqwrs is not, so ybieqwrs is less likely to walk than koozfdoo
zbmfr is a pensioner, ktelnsqiqm is not, so ktelnsqiqm is less likely to walk than zbmfr
hrrxcjoid is a pensioner, jmiebg is not, so jmiebg is less likely to walk than hrrxcjoid
dcyskhg is a pensioner, sayjl is not, so dcyskhg is not more likely to walk than sayjl
lnfrn is a pensioner, zqb is not, so lnfrn is not more likely to walk than zqb
mtee is a pensioner, qwch is not, so mtee is not more likely to walk than qwch
qany is a pensioner, zyizjlanrcoq is not, so qany is not more likely to walk than zyizjlanrcoq
otlhhd is a pensioner, ishocftpwlqg is not, so otlhhd is not more likely to walk than ishocftpwlqg
kos is a pensioner, ltehoxrmf is not, so ltehoxrmf is not less likely to walk than kos
upvhbuvdojsj is a pensioner, mfwoykpo is not, so mfwoykpo is not less likely to walk than upvhbuvdojsj
pcwknxegui is a pensioner, olbsdgnewl is not, so olbsdgnewl is not less likely to walk than pcwknxegui
rilekleetutf is a pensioner, vhrgtwkgy is not, so vhrgtwkgy is not less likely to walk than rilekleetutf
ysydpmnt is a pensioner, onqcd is not, so onqcd is not less likely to walk than ysydpmnt
jdkiiqqdmkz is the mayor, riuujjirbrl is the mayor, so jdkiiqqdmkz is more likely to govern city than riuujjirbrl
zlavdlopknh is the mayor, mbdcxv is the mayor, so zlavdlopknh is more likely to govern city than mbdcxv
jliqvmouas is the mayor, fuciwfnl is the mayor, so jliqvmouas is more likely to govern city than fuciwfnl
vmpzokubxfd is the mayor, wjmzcom is the mayor, so vmpzokubxfd is more likely to govern city than wjmzcom
nvyfrcdlyny is the mayor, dojdfu is the mayor, so nvyfrcdlyny is more likely to govern city than dojdfu
tjkyush is the mayor, brkq is the mayor, so brkq is less likely to govern city than tjkyush
jmzmcjgpre is the mayor, ybhcgftfoasq is the mayor, so ybhcgftfoasq is less likely to govern city than jmzmcjgpre
noh is the mayor, kpwdgtqudkpr is the mayor, so kpwdgtqudkpr is less likely to govern city than noh
lhliyr is the mayor, facnuevemfo is the mayor, so facnuevemfo is less likely to govern city than lhliyr
tytjobkt is the mayor, hxs is the mayor, so hxs is less likely to govern city than tytjobkt
ajk is the city's chief, ayicgy is not, so ajk is not more likely to govern city than ayicgy
lzjk is the city's chief, ftgvlheosegp is not, so lzjk is not more likely to govern city than ftgvlheosegp
fwslbeytb is the city's chief, irhksjhex is not, so fwslbeytb is not more likely to govern city than irhksjhex
sdaeudzn is the city's chief, psmnykvjghr is not, so sdaeudzn is not more likely to govern city than psmnykvjghr
pljjlhophfxl is the city's chief, bbowazufyghp is not, so pljjlhophfxl is not more likely to govern city than bbowazufyghp
ootpzkzxp is esffqciw's chief, so esffqciw is not more likely to govern city than ootpzkzxp
opvcdeh is odgo's chief, so odgo is not more likely to govern city than opvcdeh
ysngqotk is cyuzdtdb's chief, so cyuzdtdb is not more likely to govern city than ysngqotk
prcdafgz is ixnudnwljqxy's chief, so ixnudnwljqxy is not more likely to govern city than prcdafgz
cpgkccqnzs is mzfgmwe's chief, so mzfgmwe is not more likely to govern city than cpgkccqnzs
tabrbegriis is a designer, lxylwel is not, so tabrbegriis is more likely to design than lxylwel
vbtm is a designer, getohmqnvfu is not, so vbtm is more likely to design than getohmqnvfu
olaxk is a designer, rugbzd is not, so olaxk is more likely to design than rugbzd
lghxu is a designer, zxglllzeknnd is not, so lghxu is more likely to design than zxglllzeknnd
opsbxfvyw is a designer, lkhuif is not, so opsbxfvyw is more likely to design than lkhuif
vexptfvwx is ibgwnfzh's designer, so ibgwnfzh is less likely to design than vexptfvwx
mtlb is ojmhglt's designer, so ojmhglt is less likely to design than mtlb
zrzycruh is rftxoi's designer, so rftxoi is less likely to design than zrzycruh
ciaarpf is lem's designer, so lem is less likely to design than ciaarpf
yyulu is rras's designer, so rras is less likely to design than yyulu
elxjmipptgcp is a designer, lpwgynomkuei is not, so elxjmipptgcp is not less design than lpwgynomkuei
pqvauer is a designer, msueqixyj is not, so pqvauer is not less design than msueqixyj
kqmlstpsgv is a designer, pykm is not, so kqmlstpsgv is not less design than pykm
kllz is a designer, jvucoqkx is not, so kllz is not less design than jvucoqkx
zxpscmm is a designer, zzwn is not, so zxpscmm is not less design than zzwn
qvdoyo is a designer, dfmkhpyi is not, so dfmkhpyi is not more design than qvdoyo
bnmv is a designer, wjwoununazn is not, so wjwoununazn is not more design than bnmv
iobfk is a designer, koajnjzfrr is not, so koajnjzfrr is not more design than iobfk
cpxcdvgeq is a designer, dkcgxearo is not, so dkcgxearo is not more design than cpxcdvgeq
ulbfxujqwaa is a designer, srqaejo is not, so srqaejo is not more design than ulbfxujqwaa
irw is ghojoojgqr's barber, so irw is more likely to wash window than ghojoojgqr
jjzsecx is aoy's barber, so jjzsecx is more likely to wash window than aoy
ldbvihzfmn is tfdeun's barber, so ldbvihzfmn is more likely to wash window than tfdeun
fehozmbm is gmnefbuoyqm's barber, so fehozmbm is more likely to wash window than gmnefbuoyqm
yxn is iepiafin's barber, so yxn is more likely to wash window than iepiafin
sagayjdae is a barber, ruxpny is not, so ruxpny is less likely to wash window than sagayjdae
speqidmta is a barber, drkkjwiywr is not, so drkkjwiywr is less likely to wash window than speqidmta
hvrua is a barber, yyojah is not, so yyojah is less likely to wash window than hvrua
djxzmotvpmkc is a barber, vgiinybsbe is not, so vgiinybsbe is less likely to wash window than djxzmotvpmkc
vnilwutix is a barber, szrmngqp is not, so szrmngqp is less likely to wash window than vnilwutix
xjameeskct is a barber, rlarcouhhf is not, so xjameeskct is not more likely to wash window than rlarcouhhf
esf is a barber, uoumhogarndw is not, so esf is not more likely to wash window than uoumhogarndw
bjkkv is a barber, wigjeifu is not, so bjkkv is not more likely to wash window than wigjeifu
issvj is a barber, opkv is not, so issvj is not more likely to wash window than opkv
kgrplixudlo is a barber, dsczc is not, so kgrplixudlo is not more likely to wash window than dsczc
viwevhzfzjrr is a barber, jfaccdmcby is not, so jfaccdmcby is not more likely to wash window than viwevhzfzjrr
pisizurtg is a barber, kfpta is not, so kfpta is not more likely to wash window than pisizurtg
klev is a barber, vqiowbrbp is not, so vqiowbrbp is not more likely to wash window than klev
vxzttnylfs is a barber, rxvo is not, so rxvo is not more likely to wash window than vxzttnylfs
xlxmefhon is a barber, tsgo is not, so tsgo is not more likely to wash window than xlxmefhon
dszea is a butcher, rlxxfzo is a baker, so dszea is less likely to make bread than rlxxfzo
zhemk is a butcher, hbvyusenpiiv is a baker, so zhemk is less likely to make bread than hbvyusenpiiv
obpbyb is a butcher, pttpfjg is a baker, so obpbyb is less likely to make bread than pttpfjg
wlhlvih is a butcher, rtaldzityutd is a baker, so wlhlvih is less likely to make bread than rtaldzityutd
swrcscvk is a butcher, wlbitdcxn is a baker, so swrcscvk is less likely to make bread than wlbitdcxn
vpamjimktsyu is a butcher, wadtv is a baker, so wadtv is less likely to make bread than vpamjimktsyu
sifu is a butcher, zzruqzxjimbs is a baker, so zzruqzxjimbs is less likely to make bread than sifu
hsootrrg is a butcher, nrzquxpuwmwq is a baker, so nrzquxpuwmwq is less likely to make bread than hsootrrg
lfiilnzup is a butcher, jytitnzyxkql is a baker, so jytitnzyxkql is less likely to make bread than lfiilnzup
aatgb is a butcher, ivdppq is a baker, so ivdppq is less likely to make bread than aatgb
mkqinomilm is a butcher, vljjpgfobbhc is not, so mkqinomilm is not less likely to make bread than vljjpgfobbhc
sau is a butcher, umx is not, so sau is not less likely to make bread than umx
ihvtoocgx is a butcher, ogge is not, so ihvtoocgx is not less likely to make bread than ogge
hvyztbewtks is a butcher, cvw is not, so hvyztbewtks is not less likely to make bread than cvw
agtsjvjv is a butcher, msk is not, so agtsjvjv is not less likely to make bread than msk
uhhvhfdzgkn is a butcher, vvetayhiytmf is not, so vvetayhiytmf is not more likely to make bread than uhhvhfdzgkn
xswmokwi is a butcher, fpuf is not, so fpuf is not more likely to make bread than xswmokwi
wnsqopnnu is a butcher, zgdcjqhcaqp is not, so zgdcjqhcaqp is not more likely to make bread than wnsqopnnu
ghmavo is a butcher, uqdfsnsofblm is not, so uqdfsnsofblm is not more likely to make bread than ghmavo
pahc is a butcher, lwrdljjw is not, so lwrdljjw is not more likely to make bread than pahc
iljmz is zpedej's writer, so iljmz is more likely to draw than zpedej
pkhwonnagmf is ndete's writer, so pkhwonnagmf is more likely to draw than ndete
ffheas is wyrhehsc's writer, so ffheas is more likely to draw than wyrhehsc
dlhdexzp is vprxlyfevqca's writer, so dlhdexzp is more likely to draw than vprxlyfevqca
zujvj is vyczh's writer, so zujvj is more likely to draw than vyczh
rgqbjrvjxq is dhryk's writer, so dhryk is less likely to draw than rgqbjrvjxq
xqvgelniwf is ufjsi's writer, so ufjsi is less likely to draw than xqvgelniwf
lymvtcnahhu is upcoefnptff's writer, so upcoefnptff is less likely to draw than lymvtcnahhu
jdumedmjfg is ubzktopqhfh's writer, so ubzktopqhfh is less likely to draw than jdumedmjfg
tpejnpv is rvzgcdktcms's writer, so rvzgcdktcms is less likely to draw than tpejnpv
vidocxpznqm is a writer, rbho is not, so vidocxpznqm is not less likely to draw than rbho
owxofkph is a writer, tmynbdnuec is not, so owxofkph is not less likely to draw than tmynbdnuec
nucuommyc is a writer, nyp is not, so nucuommyc is not less likely to draw than nyp
gjvihomijnr is a writer, ozzudr is not, so gjvihomijnr is not less likely to draw than ozzudr
aijnkjxk is a writer, vqlh is not, so aijnkjxk is not less likely to draw than vqlh
rymodwcov is a writer, rmlucu is not, so rmlucu is not more likely to draw than rymodwcov
ehjmjiqbkkyx is a writer, jyep is not, so jyep is not more likely to draw than ehjmjiqbkkyx
hykjddpuzcps is a writer, iythmtdttdh is not, so iythmtdttdh is not more likely to draw than hykjddpuzcps
tixvjo is a writer, jzbkn is not, so jzbkn is not more likely to draw than tixvjo
xmjj is a writer, bjmopltjrvxk is not, so bjmopltjrvxk is not more likely to draw than xmjj
rhsf is a illustrator, rxfzfjivpdp is a photographer, so rhsf is more likely to create picture than rxfzfjivpdp
tdgvoknqjzjv is a illustrator, cszmkunpji is a photographer, so tdgvoknqjzjv is more likely to create picture than cszmkunpji
ftmoojdyh is a illustrator, ovv is a photographer, so ftmoojdyh is more likely to create picture than ovv
igktitznxn is a illustrator, liq is a photographer, so igktitznxn is more likely to create picture than liq
lmxys is a illustrator, vlnvkjjbh is a photographer, so lmxys is more likely to create picture than vlnvkjjbh
bhln is a better illustrator than fikgzk, so fikgzk is less likely to create picture than bhln
jpr is a better illustrator than kldwyypi, so kldwyypi is less likely to create picture than jpr
qjhwnrluzr is a better illustrator than bdo, so bdo is less likely to create picture than qjhwnrluzr
kxrvuufq is a better illustrator than edkdhjouki, so edkdhjouki is less likely to create picture than kxrvuufq
srwjy is a better illustrator than mue, so mue is less likely to create picture than srwjy
zkexm is a illustrator, daaykzpjr is not, so zkexm is not less likely to create picture than daaykzpjr
itjc is a illustrator, kofanwabur is not, so itjc is not less likely to create picture than kofanwabur
ixejxajf is a illustrator, xtvhuzec is not, so ixejxajf is not less likely to create picture than xtvhuzec
xhwfacxltzon is a illustrator, dnhyet is not, so xhwfacxltzon is not less likely to create picture than dnhyet
vyftyincr is a illustrator, gansijhyopb is not, so vyftyincr is not less likely to create picture than gansijhyopb
kqlia is a illustrator, ccn is not, so ccn is not more likely to create picture than kqlia
cguxnslejh is a illustrator, nksbtn is not, so nksbtn is not more likely to create picture than cguxnslejh
nxgwxwtg is a illustrator, euetzrtmv is not, so euetzrtmv is not more likely to create picture than nxgwxwtg
fbblhoenytzr is a illustrator, iiimm is not, so iiimm is not more likely to create picture than fbblhoenytzr
xvbbf is a illustrator, mvba is not, so mvba is not more likely to create picture than xvbbf
lglx is a farmer, ddzyxzazfr is a farmer, so lglx is less likely to harvest crop than ddzyxzazfr
djmjvmfhxlut is a farmer, sazjxmzycz is a farmer, so djmjvmfhxlut is less likely to harvest crop than sazjxmzycz
yoknvbyxp is a farmer, ukbos is a farmer, so yoknvbyxp is less likely to harvest crop than ukbos
nbqvxkd is a farmer, ndbwztly is a farmer, so nbqvxkd is less likely to harvest crop than ndbwztly
jkqkm is a farmer, otbg is a farmer, so jkqkm is less likely to harvest crop than otbg
yxkrrt is a farmer, dpmvqkpchyps is a farmer, so dpmvqkpchyps is less likely to harvest crop than yxkrrt
eoaiqnfvzrvb is a farmer, gbfutidhg is a farmer, so gbfutidhg is less likely to harvest crop than eoaiqnfvzrvb
tzchopxjgv is a farmer, vuyuoa is a farmer, so vuyuoa is less likely to harvest crop than tzchopxjgv
vlercekzwvw is a farmer, hrgxbmxicp is a farmer, so hrgxbmxicp is less likely to harvest crop than vlercekzwvw
ukfhwk is a farmer, kabl is a farmer, so kabl is less likely to harvest crop than ukfhwk
cvzosnms is a farmer, omwseo is not, so cvzosnms is not less likely to harvest crop than omwseo
gzip is a farmer, und is not, so gzip is not less likely to harvest crop than und
znhscirip is a farmer, ekwmletljvwv is not, so znhscirip is not less likely to harvest crop than ekwmletljvwv
jozvdzcr is a farmer, evnmautvq is not, so jozvdzcr is not less likely to harvest crop than evnmautvq
zdhivi is a farmer, fvph is not, so zdhivi is not less likely to harvest crop than fvph
wdsdwiokux is a farmer, ygibwoxp is not, so ygibwoxp is not more likely to harvest crop than wdsdwiokux
cgw is a farmer, lazaprusgbma is not, so lazaprusgbma is not more likely to harvest crop than cgw
qogqiqgnwwcu is a farmer, irvvscbohim is not, so irvvscbohim is not more likely to harvest crop than qogqiqgnwwcu
neknruoei is a farmer, ppwif is not, so ppwif is not more likely to harvest crop than neknruoei
ozypy is a farmer, jqcy is not, so jqcy is not more likely to harvest crop than ozypy
ktzb is a midwife, cabpovwcqw is a nurse, so ktzb is less likely to save your life than cabpovwcqw
eobdeycoimdg is a midwife, cuv is a nurse, so eobdeycoimdg is less likely to save your life than cuv
eluuv is a midwife, brn is a nurse, so eluuv is less likely to save your life than brn
brm is a midwife, jweho is a nurse, so brm is less likely to save your life than jweho
tnzsdyarn is a midwife, niivutlptnd is a nurse, so tnzsdyarn is less likely to save your life than niivutlptnd
cdwnhmb is a midwife, jcgxd is a nurse, so jcgxd is less likely to save your life than cdwnhmb
vfmzhq is a midwife, owfbj is a nurse, so owfbj is less likely to save your life than vfmzhq
twj is a midwife, rkhbygi is a nurse, so rkhbygi is less likely to save your life than twj
rsda is a midwife, uqvruoya is a nurse, so uqvruoya is less likely to save your life than rsda
mcnpfahxyj is a midwife, awesragjuqx is a nurse, so awesragjuqx is less likely to save your life than mcnpfahxyj
mqv is a midwife, nmtyejfaud is a nurse, so mqv is not more likely to save your life than nmtyejfaud
alnvlamqjzah is a midwife, duty is a nurse, so alnvlamqjzah is not more likely to save your life than duty
clrllr is a midwife, zcglepx is a nurse, so clrllr is not more likely to save your life than zcglepx
zswipkk is a midwife, olqhoyce is a nurse, so zswipkk is not more likely to save your life than olqhoyce
nnuba is a midwife, omkfd is a nurse, so nnuba is not more likely to save your life than omkfd
logecgjt is a midwife, ywb is not, so ywb is not more likely to save your life than logecgjt
ujcdursgt is a midwife, zxzrd is not, so zxzrd is not more likely to save your life than ujcdursgt
ohpfyslrb is a midwife, wtxi is not, so wtxi is not more likely to save your life than ohpfyslrb
rgwshpzgts is a midwife, oap is not, so oap is not more likely to save your life than rgwshpzgts
fmafqfkkturo is a midwife, nwnkjlwv is not, so nwnkjlwv is not more likely to save your life than fmafqfkkturo
ufx is a broker, ggae is a lawyer, so ufx is more likely to meet business deal than ggae
vvmgrnahgvv is a broker, kuieidlplp is a lawyer, so vvmgrnahgvv is more likely to meet business deal than kuieidlplp
nicvvdnbran is a broker, ambhediig is a lawyer, so nicvvdnbran is more likely to meet business deal than ambhediig
ybxwav is a broker, hjuktm is a lawyer, so ybxwav is more likely to meet business deal than hjuktm
doimheeu is a broker, zvgxotni is a lawyer, so doimheeu is more likely to meet business deal than zvgxotni
azbuni is a broker, wugyschzspvm is a lawyer, so wugyschzspvm is less likely to meet business deal than azbuni
vuaibx is a broker, tvmgifdlnjh is a lawyer, so tvmgifdlnjh is less likely to meet business deal than vuaibx
feiqzcwue is a broker, hyy is a lawyer, so hyy is less likely to meet business deal than feiqzcwue
xquriie is a broker, fdcnewkbmxc is a lawyer, so fdcnewkbmxc is less likely to meet business deal than xquriie
uievjnxw is a broker, jzlnwnhfti is a lawyer, so jzlnwnhfti is less likely to meet business deal than uievjnxw
nuyvgxllby is a broker, xmjgugh is not, so nuyvgxllby is not less likely to meet business deal than xmjgugh
fidsklxkxl is a broker, xhlvehun is not, so fidsklxkxl is not less likely to meet business deal than xhlvehun
sxwo is a broker, trmhuyou is not, so sxwo is not less likely to meet business deal than trmhuyou
pketuea is a broker, qhhsnyso is not, so pketuea is not less likely to meet business deal than qhhsnyso
ugjpcvuru is a broker, qccll is not, so ugjpcvuru is not less likely to meet business deal than qccll
ipwyhvggb is a broker, pjjnwgytmee is not, so pjjnwgytmee is not more likely to meet business deal than ipwyhvggb
bmyvzkqo is a broker, mccej is not, so mccej is not more likely to meet business deal than bmyvzkqo
frdwdjuvww is a broker, rpdpkgvt is not, so rpdpkgvt is not more likely to meet business deal than frdwdjuvww
gibzspiim is a broker, ldxjwftye is not, so ldxjwftye is not more likely to meet business deal than gibzspiim
wsrud is a broker, koanomjxuc is not, so koanomjxuc is not more likely to meet business deal than wsrud
vctfuqoyle is able to pose for photographer more than xety, so vctfuqoyle is more likely to pose for photographer than xety
taqo is able to pose for photographer more than eaddgnbq, so taqo is more likely to pose for photographer than eaddgnbq
emer is able to pose for photographer more than udcxqxsz, so emer is more likely to pose for photographer than udcxqxsz
xbhlevwtr is able to pose for photographer more than fhzwpau, so xbhlevwtr is more likely to pose for photographer than fhzwpau
wlkjua is able to pose for photographer more than yjcnr, so wlkjua is more likely to pose for photographer than yjcnr
fdxu is less likely to pose for the photographer than ktvzdawisdbb, so ktvzdawisdbb is less likely to pose for fdxu
eer is less likely to pose for the photographer than cvry, so cvry is less likely to pose for eer
nwpsizmycic is less likely to pose for the photographer than zeu, so zeu is less likely to pose for nwpsizmycic
phzcud is less likely to pose for the photographer than apkgde, so apkgde is less likely to pose for phzcud
heskxxavdtv is less likely to pose for the photographer than lbkd, so lbkd is less likely to pose for heskxxavdtv
xge is the photographer, cxqoqtqznzd is not, so xge is not more likely to pose for photographer than cxqoqtqznzd
gdpoobwjwnu is the photographer, thx is not, so gdpoobwjwnu is not more likely to pose for photographer than thx
sampm is the photographer, nud is not, so sampm is not more likely to pose for photographer than nud
ytacafiobtc is the photographer, xmbefjsxi is not, so ytacafiobtc is not more likely to pose for photographer than xmbefjsxi
vdikptqj is the photographer, xhyrfugnzvj is not, so vdikptqj is not more likely to pose for photographer than xhyrfugnzvj
pso is not jtou's photographer, so jtou is not more likely to pose for photographer than pso
och is not djrlcva's photographer, so djrlcva is not more likely to pose for photographer than och
xuoogfqxmyo is not bgc's photographer, so bgc is not more likely to pose for photographer than xuoogfqxmyo
wjmwtqsxwst is not tbcheoblsrr's photographer, so tbcheoblsrr is not more likely to pose for photographer than wjmwtqsxwst
drkfcgsfjyu is not jionkv's photographer, so jionkv is not more likely to pose for photographer than drkfcgsfjyu
aqfvr is a performing artist, clhje is not, so aqfvr is more likely to use pen than clhje
yzevvtduoqvs is a performing artist, wyarenguy is not, so yzevvtduoqvs is more likely to use pen than wyarenguy
ghh is a performing artist, rhctxbqwbxwl is not, so ghh is more likely to use pen than rhctxbqwbxwl
ulmuarhcvd is a performing artist, jwywqt is not, so ulmuarhcvd is more likely to use pen than jwywqt
lbqcgzzfvzn is a performing artist, qmyraobukld is not, so lbqcgzzfvzn is more likely to use pen than qmyraobukld
kqqkxfkbmta is a performing artist, jdhioyciaosk is not, so jdhioyciaosk is less likely to use pen than kqqkxfkbmta
fcvpwhk is a performing artist, xbdjamalbzim is not, so xbdjamalbzim is less likely to use pen than fcvpwhk
noptaxofau is a performing artist, arxlv is not, so arxlv is less likely to use pen than noptaxofau
ukz is a performing artist, dfzznxv is not, so dfzznxv is less likely to use pen than ukz
xntjtfo is a performing artist, qpjs is not, so qpjs is less likely to use pen than xntjtfo
gslasbrfp is a performing artist, bssiw is not, so gslasbrfp is not less likely to use pen than bssiw
snhhdusuv is a performing artist, gaugmrqr is not, so snhhdusuv is not less likely to use pen than gaugmrqr
mcfcgpnqgp is a performing artist, npb is not, so mcfcgpnqgp is not less likely to use pen than npb
aaiuuvfcon is a performing artist, xcldw is not, so aaiuuvfcon is not less likely to use pen than xcldw
auxcmhlci is a performing artist, uof is not, so auxcmhlci is not less likely to use pen than uof
kuvhfo is a performing artist, ugeksemtkwi is not, so ugeksemtkwi is not more likely to use pen than kuvhfo
vhhyi is a performing artist, osdxjii is not, so osdxjii is not more likely to use pen than vhhyi
qenksxtbfz is a performing artist, wghes is not, so wghes is not more likely to use pen than qenksxtbfz
cumzlrjtg is a performing artist, tkxfnmqvgal is not, so tkxfnmqvgal is not more likely to use pen than cumzlrjtg
cnr is a performing artist, cvfnpalvsyaw is not, so cvfnpalvsyaw is not more likely to use pen than cnr
bsyptujdlcbc is a journalist, czx is a lawyer, so bsyptujdlcbc is more likely to question suspect than czx
dpdnyyj is a journalist, nzjhmav is a lawyer, so dpdnyyj is more likely to question suspect than nzjhmav
jjr is a journalist, pmgqgyr is a lawyer, so jjr is more likely to question suspect than pmgqgyr
nnxemlijkzei is a journalist, vuxrtokqpng is a lawyer, so nnxemlijkzei is more likely to question suspect than vuxrtokqpng
sucqo is a journalist, pygigygamxp is a lawyer, so sucqo is more likely to question suspect than pygigygamxp
qiqovbxo is a journalist, ixpmya is a lawyer, so ixpmya is less likely to question qiqovbxo than qiqovbxo
iufrmjfwz is a journalist, oguqjtqc is a lawyer, so oguqjtqc is less likely to question iufrmjfwz than iufrmjfwz
iybkzzsslky is a journalist, jfhmi is a lawyer, so jfhmi is less likely to question iybkzzsslky than iybkzzsslky
zszo is a journalist, jjvuvm is a lawyer, so jjvuvm is less likely to question zszo than zszo
vknxud is a journalist, ipwonzlafeu is a lawyer, so ipwonzlafeu is less likely to question vknxud than vknxud
wkgpraav is a journalist, bbprbigpruvu is not, so wkgpraav is not less likely to question suspect than bbprbigpruvu
vvhsd is a journalist, ierwz is not, so vvhsd is not less likely to question suspect than ierwz
hdaodb is a journalist, qwh is not, so hdaodb is not less likely to question suspect than qwh
kkh is a journalist, mcapegl is not, so kkh is not less likely to question suspect than mcapegl
xuyzxzeswu is a journalist, xeqimdsyrwwc is not, so xuyzxzeswu is not less likely to question suspect than xeqimdsyrwwc
uxbqmxsguyhw is a journalist, zlzbvqssxs is not, so zlzbvqssxs is not more likely to question suspect than uxbqmxsguyhw
focdgvgm is a journalist, vrmwloclbknc is not, so vrmwloclbknc is not more likely to question suspect than focdgvgm
rljxdyhv is a journalist, mqx is not, so mqx is not more likely to question suspect than rljxdyhv
pyugjouqch is a journalist, szlhknbog is not, so szlhknbog is not more likely to question suspect than pyugjouqch
hxjqolq is a journalist, wbetajnhgpgz is not, so wbetajnhgpgz is not more likely to question suspect than hxjqolq
kqgljw is a librarian, aylrkv is not, so kqgljw is more likely to book book than aylrkv
xmrlpfnswzpb is a librarian, skjiyidwien is not, so xmrlpfnswzpb is more likely to book book than skjiyidwien
ijggqcewtjd is a librarian, drpoykea is not, so ijggqcewtjd is more likely to book book than drpoykea
tpefworpsiy is a librarian, zlpyydkj is not, so tpefworpsiy is more likely to book book than zlpyydkj
afhmqswpdmbq is a librarian, cjqizezcuhdk is not, so afhmqswpdmbq is more likely to book book than cjqizezcuhdk
rnbswlpjf is a librarian, festd is not, so festd is less likely to book book than rnbswlpjf
krgtjbipptd is a librarian, agixvin is not, so agixvin is less likely to book book than krgtjbipptd
mgtoeq is a librarian, yvndjury is not, so yvndjury is less likely to book book than mgtoeq
hrbgiy is a librarian, gxipwdqrpy is not, so gxipwdqrpy is less likely to book book than hrbgiy
gmtvtwaubwny is a librarian, omqvlnsbcoxr is not, so omqvlnsbcoxr is less likely to book book than gmtvtwaubwny
kgincdauslpb is a librarian, jvm is not, so kgincdauslpb is not less likely to book book than jvm
zvpglw is a librarian, gdcaxvjk is not, so zvpglw is not less likely to book book than gdcaxvjk
csla is a librarian, gqvgumsvhrz is not, so csla is not less likely to book book than gqvgumsvhrz
cdctnvarwo is a librarian, rjwd is not, so cdctnvarwo is not less likely to book book than rjwd
xkyuxw is a librarian, ttewglxfggbp is not, so xkyuxw is not less likely to book book than ttewglxfggbp
prljwicm is a librarian, klnvlkezd is not, so klnvlkezd is not more likely to book book than prljwicm
zsndmwvrp is a librarian, vzqupeovg is not, so vzqupeovg is not more likely to book book than zsndmwvrp
ajmefrl is a librarian, rokabas is not, so rokabas is not more likely to book book than ajmefrl
goskygzkal is a librarian, jtegu is not, so jtegu is not more likely to book book than goskygzkal
wwlafyyu is a librarian, myaqif is not, so myaqif is not more likely to book book than wwlafyyu
xzagqivnev is a doctor, vkyknaj is a doctor, so xzagqivnev is more likely to diagnose than vkyknaj
fuhaqgydjco is a doctor, cckdowr is a doctor, so fuhaqgydjco is more likely to diagnose than cckdowr
dvhgiggfrjvd is a doctor, rzgv is a doctor, so dvhgiggfrjvd is more likely to diagnose than rzgv
xscq is a doctor, ecqlmnpa is a doctor, so xscq is more likely to diagnose than ecqlmnpa
gjjricx is a doctor, foelnujowr is a doctor, so gjjricx is more likely to diagnose than foelnujowr
xysdn is cdppiqouf's doctor, so cdppiqouf is less likely to diagnose than xysdn
ojrfcpxkprgr is zgdntnlhv's doctor, so zgdntnlhv is less likely to diagnose than ojrfcpxkprgr
rhfmcnasb is wftdnivswyv's doctor, so wftdnivswyv is less likely to diagnose than rhfmcnasb
nmyzap is daantmyog's doctor, so daantmyog is less likely to diagnose than nmyzap
harig is yjlklnb's doctor, so yjlklnb is less likely to diagnose than harig
fzgszfezo is a doctor, uiqhbxuktm is not, so fzgszfezo is not less likely to diagnose than uiqhbxuktm
iebfaqsomsat is a doctor, iexbpcujcxyk is not, so iebfaqsomsat is not less likely to diagnose than iexbpcujcxyk
dakldgl is a doctor, odtpvsvfh is not, so dakldgl is not less likely to diagnose than odtpvsvfh
maexqpdvkib is a doctor, hxadniiyc is not, so maexqpdvkib is not less likely to diagnose than hxadniiyc
kxkwknn is a doctor, vwpayfu is not, so kxkwknn is not less likely to diagnose than vwpayfu
rhxycnzqkrvw is a doctor, mtcsnwzp is not, so mtcsnwzp is not more likely to diagnose than rhxycnzqkrvw
gieamybgws is a doctor, uecnkmofca is not, so uecnkmofca is not more likely to diagnose than gieamybgws
zav is a doctor, wecin is not, so wecin is not more likely to diagnose than zav
obnsqnaypo is a doctor, zdc is not, so zdc is not more likely to diagnose than obnsqnaypo
bsnbi is a doctor, glxpkdfkxioo is not, so glxpkdfkxioo is not more likely to diagnose than bsnbi
zeykmlbv is a better handball player than rzw, so zeykmlbv is more likely to win game than rzw
ffphodis is a better handball player than nswyiqetm, so ffphodis is more likely to win game than nswyiqetm
xrfwwkrk is a better handball player than fjdalh, so xrfwwkrk is more likely to win game than fjdalh
mahdijbxmby is a better handball player than tymalfjquih, so mahdijbxmby is more likely to win game than tymalfjquih
qrjvszhj is a better handball player than psgroqftmcfk, so qrjvszhj is more likely to win game than psgroqftmcfk
scatgwtcoz is a handball player, mlqytxlksne is a tennis player, so mlqytxlksne is less likely to win game than scatgwtcoz
ufvigx is a handball player, zebla is a tennis player, so zebla is less likely to win game than ufvigx
nhalrhkya is a handball player, hwpqqpoefaup is a tennis player, so hwpqqpoefaup is less likely to win game than nhalrhkya
ccdfste is a handball player, tpasrfs is a tennis player, so tpasrfs is less likely to win game than ccdfste
ufaelvvq is a handball player, gbdgowdvtspe is a tennis player, so gbdgowdvtspe is less likely to win game than ufaelvvq
ioad is a handball player, dbxpprbpw is not, so ioad is not less likely to win game than dbxpprbpw
zaq is a handball player, afpmznior is not, so zaq is not less likely to win game than afpmznior
mffpw is a handball player, ogkhbntgctq is not, so mffpw is not less likely to win game than ogkhbntgctq
kdkrv is a handball player, zwdze is not, so kdkrv is not less likely to win game than zwdze
ajyyotvrz is a handball player, bhvtytr is not, so ajyyotvrz is not less likely to win game than bhvtytr
khhalpqsnpoh is a handball player, omwy is not, so omwy is not more likely to win game than khhalpqsnpoh
pbrzqxleuxw is a handball player, yicqq is not, so yicqq is not more likely to win game than pbrzqxleuxw
oipmtteh is a handball player, lgiyksp is not, so lgiyksp is not more likely to win game than oipmtteh
rjqjblj is a handball player, ceopnxzi is not, so ceopnxzi is not more likely to win game than rjqjblj
uhcyxg is a handball player, ewna is not, so ewna is not more likely to win game than uhcyxg
wxqvbxcj is a moving carpet, pvw is not, so wxqvbxcj is more likely to box carpet than pvw
sqsoagcb is a moving carpet, joeogqjqmch is not, so sqsoagcb is more likely to box carpet than joeogqjqmch
gkk is a moving carpet, xfbyl is not, so gkk is more likely to box carpet than xfbyl
lxjsvlmerat is a moving carpet, gvjmexdxmifs is not, so lxjsvlmerat is more likely to box carpet than gvjmexdxmifs
xogmas is a moving carpet, lwvvyccpzvjp is not, so xogmas is more likely to box carpet than lwvvyccpzvjp
tkwtqubnjl is a slower move than oyqpxymdext, so oyqpxymdext is less likely to box carpet than tkwtqubnjl
zrwqrkpqd is a slower move than qezcqifyt, so qezcqifyt is less likely to box carpet than zrwqrkpqd
usxglqzo is a slower move than orvpelqq, so orvpelqq is less likely to box carpet than usxglqzo
qiiadmxcdliy is a slower move than jwowl, so jwowl is less likely to box carpet than qiiadmxcdliy
jskasarwwf is a slower move than oxeeuki, so oxeeuki is less likely to box carpet than jskasarwwf
doippywtuvo is a MOVER, dytdtjcjcouz is not, so doippywtuvo is not less likely to box carpet than dytdtjcjcouz
yqbxgpdnwk is a MOVER, trlwbejphsdg is not, so yqbxgpdnwk is not less likely to box carpet than trlwbejphsdg
ijsjvftiee is a MOVER, fahmijnyuzb is not, so ijsjvftiee is not less likely to box carpet than fahmijnyuzb
fjs is a MOVER, myzbt is not, so fjs is not less likely to box carpet than myzbt
opqjtnkpaoq is a MOVER, gethzn is not, so opqjtnkpaoq is not less likely to box carpet than gethzn
ckbnhregrhi is a MOVER, bvsgv is not, so bvsgv is not more likely to box carpet than ckbnhregrhi
kqpoti is a MOVER, vpgnl is not, so vpgnl is not more likely to box carpet than kqpoti
zbwauowm is a MOVER, egzl is not, so egzl is not more likely to box carpet than zbwauowm
adfomw is a MOVER, ewxpslqod is not, so ewxpslqod is not more likely to box carpet than adfomw
ipablskr is a MOVER, uziqdvefr is not, so uziqdvefr is not more likely to box carpet than ipablskr
wshdfxwppp is the waiter, ytk is the waiter, so wshdfxwppp is more likely to clear table than ytk
xwntntcylxi is the waiter, vxnoypcsdkoo is the waiter, so xwntntcylxi is more likely to clear table than vxnoypcsdkoo
vovtqnveiuch is the waiter, padfa is the waiter, so vovtqnveiuch is more likely to clear table than padfa
prehnts is the waiter, bjhhnjbj is the waiter, so prehnts is more likely to clear table than bjhhnjbj
vfolrgdiji is the waiter, ofkvwf is the waiter, so vfolrgdiji is more likely to clear table than ofkvwf
ansvg is the waiter, eqsaspajjvsx is the waiter, so eqsaspajjvsx is less likely to clear table than ansvg
pllaouq is the waiter, dphgskxuw is the waiter, so dphgskxuw is less likely to clear table than pllaouq
fmntfweeim is the waiter, gkvq is the waiter, so gkvq is less likely to clear table than fmntfweeim
cwnmuri is the waiter, plqeta is the waiter, so plqeta is less likely to clear table than cwnmuri
qhnfwl is the waiter, cgqi is the waiter, so cgqi is less likely to clear table than qhnfwl
hiwwwoilbmym is the waiter, cnzbtihcu is the waiter, so hiwwwoilbmym is not more clear than cnzbtihcu
uiwsoggflni is the waiter, nmddxtpyfjv is the waiter, so uiwsoggflni is not more clear than nmddxtpyfjv
zijhh is the waiter, wgyiocnq is the waiter, so zijhh is not more clear than wgyiocnq
wknktvcsq is the waiter, wlgwxjiobyg is the waiter, so wknktvcsq is not more clear than wlgwxjiobyg
xrquqrfk is the waiter, fziqcafma is the waiter, so xrquqrfk is not more clear than fziqcafma
ssuzmlft is the waiter, wsgdbsqkz is the waiter, so wsgdbsqkz is not more clear than ssuzmlft
qptqsqaswtp is the waiter, nqkgejzc is the waiter, so nqkgejzc is not more clear than qptqsqaswtp
bypd is the waiter, qwpbxy is the waiter, so qwpbxy is not more clear than bypd
npmgelqjbho is the waiter, ndjehckce is the waiter, so ndjehckce is not more clear than npmgelqjbho
pypiap is the waiter, lylhwd is the waiter, so lylhwd is not more clear than pypiap
opzigcasv is vcirgdciesjb's cashier, so opzigcasv is more likely to price sale than vcirgdciesjb
rssk is bqobbgdhwttm's cashier, so rssk is more likely to price sale than bqobbgdhwttm
gst is qtqqhy's cashier, so gst is more likely to price sale than qtqqhy
ipprjukclm is dktenqazai's cashier, so ipprjukclm is more likely to price sale than dktenqazai
idurtphlbir is pfrii's cashier, so idurtphlbir is more likely to price sale than pfrii
jaxvz is tuhvedcvko's cashier, so tuhvedcvko is less likely to price sale than jaxvz
uxwid is gxsefhstpu's cashier, so gxsefhstpu is less likely to price sale than uxwid
fytgevfaqns is uumbnp's cashier, so uumbnp is less likely to price sale than fytgevfaqns
ijehyaatmkj is idxheuw's cashier, so idxheuw is less likely to price sale than ijehyaatmkj
lom is rkvltchpi's cashier, so rkvltchpi is less likely to price sale than lom
ysgnirsdl is zxcdvlimrtax's cashier, so ysgnirsdl is not less likely to price sale than zxcdvlimrtax
pjrquytez is kptp's cashier, so pjrquytez is not less likely to price sale than kptp
kqgypoxljbix is jpmvfgnpul's cashier, so kqgypoxljbix is not less likely to price sale than jpmvfgnpul
uwhkndql is olstyjn's cashier, so uwhkndql is not less likely to price sale than olstyjn
ldtjbfoitf is verrus's cashier, so ldtjbfoitf is not less likely to price sale than verrus
lwqyl is a cashier, yfyhwu is not, so yfyhwu is not more likely to price sale than lwqyl
bfdfqyxgtc is a cashier, mocpewvpbal is not, so mocpewvpbal is not more likely to price sale than bfdfqyxgtc
pwrjqpiucg is a cashier, deewzn is not, so deewzn is not more likely to price sale than pwrjqpiucg
yufwfnsl is a cashier, bgcvf is not, so bgcvf is not more likely to price sale than yufwfnsl
fkuddjsinxxe is a cashier, mbyzmoks is not, so mbyzmoks is not more likely to price sale than fkuddjsinxxe
wnhwzg is a football player, ypnvsswo is a rugby player, so wnhwzg is less likely to run than ypnvsswo
jkueqfb is a football player, wzzlh is a rugby player, so jkueqfb is less likely to run than wzzlh
faglapvru is a football player, aoyy is a rugby player, so faglapvru is less likely to run than aoyy
zmdqaf is a football player, pkod is a rugby player, so zmdqaf is less likely to run than pkod
rjqcuiefh is a football player, pfdpfrdmob is a rugby player, so rjqcuiefh is less likely to run than pfdpfrdmob
eurbjs is a football player, pzqx is a rugby player, so pzqx is less likely to run than eurbjs
dldyjtwsd is a football player, smotwzfvpsn is a rugby player, so smotwzfvpsn is less likely to run than dldyjtwsd
mrex is a football player, juk is a rugby player, so juk is less likely to run than mrex
tmrgw is a football player, fwcrdtat is a rugby player, so fwcrdtat is less likely to run than tmrgw
fxm is a football player, fua is a rugby player, so fua is less likely to run than fxm
lwbfllx is a football player, yjc is not, so lwbfllx is not less likely to run than yjc
klrpkfea is a football player, agkyeoqp is not, so klrpkfea is not less likely to run than agkyeoqp
gdl is a football player, hcakyqubmqpc is not, so gdl is not less likely to run than hcakyqubmqpc
fvznojmxopw is a football player, bdyebie is not, so fvznojmxopw is not less likely to run than bdyebie
vxkudmnhnrj is a football player, dnjmduck is not, so vxkudmnhnrj is not less likely to run than dnjmduck
ngvns is a football player, axta is not, so axta is not more likely to run than ngvns
sxcdo is a football player, zetqqov is not, so zetqqov is not more likely to run than sxcdo
opunj is a football player, vii is not, so vii is not more likely to run than opunj
sqja is a football player, acvcgfk is not, so acvcgfk is not more likely to run than sqja
bdbr is a football player, xysd is not, so xysd is not more likely to run than bdbr
qqsdnppgv is a mathematician, wmbqeacvox is a mathematician, so qqsdnppgv is more likely to add number than wmbqeacvox
ywcwxgwiuny is a mathematician, nmshv is a mathematician, so ywcwxgwiuny is more likely to add number than nmshv
wggthg is a mathematician, xtutdug is a mathematician, so wggthg is more likely to add number than xtutdug
abmg is a mathematician, oqlpdmjxn is a mathematician, so abmg is more likely to add number than oqlpdmjxn
oygibrl is a mathematician, gdaghdw is a mathematician, so oygibrl is more likely to add number than gdaghdw
sus is a mathematician, chjtisk is not, so chjtisk is less likely to add number than sus
ziwztyypuhn is a mathematician, azm is not, so azm is less likely to add number than ziwztyypuhn
npadnphv is a mathematician, ntaqkkhfssom is not, so ntaqkkhfssom is less likely to add number than npadnphv
rlsuccymad is a mathematician, dvllss is not, so dvllss is less likely to add number than rlsuccymad
dndd is a mathematician, squ is not, so squ is less likely to add number than dndd
rpzgy is a mathematician, dupefl is not, so rpzgy is not less likely to add number than dupefl
fvmwsymkje is a mathematician, lnphp is not, so fvmwsymkje is not less likely to add number than lnphp
wtatto is a mathematician, mbecbylps is not, so wtatto is not less likely to add number than mbecbylps
ixl is a mathematician, omwcpftqcjmr is not, so ixl is not less likely to add number than omwcpftqcjmr
ktql is a mathematician, mpyeiw is not, so ktql is not less likely to add number than mpyeiw
wnjqhy is a mathematician, nxxefo is not, so nxxefo is not more likely to add number than wnjqhy
zhbprryqsn is a mathematician, kkzkyaqrdfy is not, so kkzkyaqrdfy is not more likely to add number than zhbprryqsn
axr is a mathematician, ewojp is not, so ewojp is not more likely to add number than axr
nxowphhqp is a mathematician, ujlwuzootlmc is not, so ujlwuzootlmc is not more likely to add number than nxowphhqp
mzrmjuywyrq is a mathematician, tck is not, so tck is not more likely to add number than mzrmjuywyrq
hcuqhwr is szcyleieslcr's maid, so hcuqhwr is more likely to be a maid than szcyleieslcr
rvjlhpr is xquhlkwe's maid, so rvjlhpr is more likely to be a maid than xquhlkwe
zvr is bnbnahrdv's maid, so zvr is more likely to be a maid than bnbnahrdv
scbx is jkivkyghjij's maid, so scbx is more likely to be a maid than jkivkyghjij
tgxpkyu is ftnyin's maid, so tgxpkyu is more likely to be a maid than ftnyin
ucy is a maid, eiyxeveb is not, so eiyxeveb is less likely to be maid than ucy
exzwic is a maid, gwg is not, so gwg is less likely to be maid than exzwic
jncwqgwscqtf is a maid, fogsyvx is not, so fogsyvx is less likely to be maid than jncwqgwscqtf
fdridms is a maid, fazmfljpsg is not, so fazmfljpsg is less likely to be maid than fdridms
cfk is a maid, ichhkgduabqx is not, so ichhkgduabqx is less likely to be maid than cfk
ufvazxccrvyc is a maid, aebjb is not, so ufvazxccrvyc is not less likely to be maid than aebjb
dkm is a maid, woebhjlbn is not, so dkm is not less likely to be maid than woebhjlbn
qrzxdxeuls is a maid, lcmnkp is not, so qrzxdxeuls is not less likely to be maid than lcmnkp
tiipwjcq is a maid, kdyrcqbudzf is not, so tiipwjcq is not less likely to be maid than kdyrcqbudzf
xvivwprwn is a maid, osclyuyolgi is not, so xvivwprwn is not less likely to be maid than osclyuyolgi
lkpjgixp is not jkcocla's maid, so jkcocla is not more likely to be a maid than lkpjgixp
zovz is not yzfoarg's maid, so yzfoarg is not more likely to be a maid than zovz
rmdhje is not msz's maid, so msz is not more likely to be a maid than rmdhje
aftavfm is not wfrfpc's maid, so wfrfpc is not more likely to be a maid than aftavfm
scqezlquhvrg is not oelvt's maid, so oelvt is not more likely to be a maid than scqezlquhvrg
acu is a policeman, ejewrhzos is not, so acu will be more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than ejewrhzos
xbrak is a policeman, qdcvyx is not, so xbrak will be more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than qdcvyx
zaohxmykgeev is a policeman, tgdakep is not, so zaohxmykgeev will be more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than tgdakep
dxqxbqxclf is a policeman, xfdveccyv is not, so dxqxbqxclf will be more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than xfdveccyv
qrwnwnv is a policeman, vxwlzxpiwd is not, so qrwnwnv will be more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than vxwlzxpiwd
vkswctw is a police officer, rcpoxfvnytn is not, so rcpoxfvnytn will be less likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than vkswctw
wajslgd is a police officer, wmhuub is not, so wmhuub will be less likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than wajslgd
hzbz is a police officer, ytkwq is not, so ytkwq will be less likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than hzbz
dtkapnmkn is a police officer, wqfccfe is not, so wqfccfe will be less likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than dtkapnmkn
gaoemocw is a police officer, suxjhtxkt is not, so suxjhtxkt will be less likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than gaoemocw
cdbymuxo is a police officer, nsjaolkdvnl is not, so cdbymuxo is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than nsjaolkdvnl
ezyjhyb is a police officer, esixlmblr is not, so ezyjhyb is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than esixlmblr
ttfa is a police officer, irpqygjgqti is not, so ttfa is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than irpqygjgqti
tawfdxyfqrcs is a police officer, ndaezlimnad is not, so tawfdxyfqrcs is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than ndaezlimnad
wdvkrd is a police officer, aturavq is not, so wdvkrd is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than aturavq
wphrh is a policeman, whvds is not, so whvds is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than wphrh
vrplaabtqm is a policeman, fqzpgvd is not, so fqzpgvd is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than vrplaabtqm
ijihgllfkcb is a policeman, ddxr is not, so ddxr is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than ijihgllfkcb
qimgtkiyqcea is a policeman, ltguvqviu is not, so ltguvqviu is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than qimgtkiyqcea
isbqnlurdlue is a policeman, yqzmnxzxaox is not, so yqzmnxzxaox is not more likely to be arrest for possession of illegal substance than isbqnlurdlue
yeqqv is a tennis player, pntnjnxfny is a tennis player, so yeqqv is more likely to be a tennis player than pntnjnxfny
adwufkpjhc is a tennis player, xlamrp is a tennis player, so adwufkpjhc is more likely to be a tennis player than xlamrp
arulioypd is a tennis player, oql is a tennis player, so arulioypd is more likely to be a tennis player than oql
pjrmykj is a tennis player, dos is a tennis player, so pjrmykj is more likely to be a tennis player than dos
nbuksp is a tennis player, iiw is a tennis player, so nbuksp is more likely to be a tennis player than iiw
gvfypklqjv is a tennis player, wrlyjgq is a tennis player, so wrlyjgq is less likely to be a good tennis player than gvfypklqjv
csqjbtpovbxi is a tennis player, onkjse is a tennis player, so onkjse is less likely to be a good tennis player than csqjbtpovbxi
xkn is a tennis player, gxxgiprk is a tennis player, so gxxgiprk is less likely to be a good tennis player than xkn
ugipfrebc is a tennis player, nivlnmurhgy is a tennis player, so nivlnmurhgy is less likely to be a good tennis player than ugipfrebc
rwcf is a tennis player, twdxpwfpelju is a tennis player, so twdxpwfpelju is less likely to be a good tennis player than rwcf
crytgs is a tennis player, herbzyfuq is not, so crytgs is not less likely to be a good tennis player than herbzyfuq
koargk is a tennis player, yxtsqlfkkida is not, so koargk is not less likely to be a good tennis player than yxtsqlfkkida
eudirhrxod is a tennis player, qeyfgqcw is not, so eudirhrxod is not less likely to be a good tennis player than qeyfgqcw
yufchxw is a tennis player, wfvhyyku is not, so yufchxw is not less likely to be a good tennis player than wfvhyyku
lrvoprco is a tennis player, wigyjb is not, so lrvoprco is not less likely to be a good tennis player than wigyjb
myjcxzeb is a tennis player, bmzag is not, so bmzag is not more likely to be a tennis player than myjcxzeb
upabfrtc is a tennis player, vsjegtpxigfq is not, so vsjegtpxigfq is not more likely to be a tennis player than upabfrtc
pajbvg is a tennis player, mnsxx is not, so mnsxx is not more likely to be a tennis player than pajbvg
wnyqpfrnu is a tennis player, ccmo is not, so ccmo is not more likely to be a tennis player than wnyqpfrnu
yrmady is a tennis player, rqpmpn is not, so rqpmpn is not more likely to be a tennis player than yrmady
lvrnlh is more mechanical than qzdjgzyh, so lvrnlh has a more clean engine than qzdjgzyh
jjafeo is more mechanical than nedqty, so jjafeo has a more clean engine than nedqty
knmurfuny is more mechanical than lmoachxh, so knmurfuny has a more clean engine than lmoachxh
vtujauepb is more mechanical than pyprocnal, so vtujauepb has a more clean engine than pyprocnal
zmiposvp is more mechanical than mvqnx, so zmiposvp has a more clean engine than mvqnx
tyboomjfkomm is more mechanical than whtn, so whtn has a less clean engine than tyboomjfkomm
vmyx is more mechanical than radlhv, so radlhv has a less clean engine than vmyx
eqyugsz is more mechanical than soblekwc, so soblekwc has a less clean engine than eqyugsz
mmcpqby is more mechanical than inihzkchd, so inihzkchd has a less clean engine than mmcpqby
rtk is more mechanical than utcgzooouze, so utcgzooouze has a less clean engine than rtk
hxhstabbr is more mechanical than lkp, so hxhstabbr is not more clean engine than lkp
gxdjdrnr is more mechanical than bxxhsp, so gxdjdrnr is not more clean engine than bxxhsp
weu is more mechanical than dfrimwzf, so weu is not more clean engine than dfrimwzf
qbei is more mechanical than glbl, so qbei is not more clean engine than glbl
atnhl is more mechanical than psqqhhhiybfb, so atnhl is not more clean engine than psqqhhhiybfb
znnpewfo is more mechanical than unjldpzu, so unjldpzu is not more clean engine than znnpewfo
cpzhnjwugiii is more mechanical than ekexbvwfeheb, so ekexbvwfeheb is not more clean engine than cpzhnjwugiii
dmmmt is more mechanical than aeyue, so aeyue is not more clean engine than dmmmt
kjnnmcl is more mechanical than zqs, so zqs is not more clean engine than kjnnmcl
xcin is more mechanical than nrpnbldyjw, so nrpnbldyjw is not more clean engine than xcin
gaue is ahistorian, osdvqcjxjmb is a mathematician, so gaue is less likely to find clue than osdvqcjxjmb
atv is ahistorian, ihycutit is a mathematician, so atv is less likely to find clue than ihycutit
hdzsj is ahistorian, ouriboh is a mathematician, so hdzsj is less likely to find clue than ouriboh
qvuyzphk is ahistorian, gldsfmq is a mathematician, so qvuyzphk is less likely to find clue than gldsfmq
hitgj is ahistorian, ajdfrkiz is a mathematician, so hitgj is less likely to find clue than ajdfrkiz
pkilvcw is ahistorian, juwgjqg is not, so juwgjqg is less likely to find clue than pkilvcw
tdesrg is ahistorian, nlwbqmqfqbuf is not, so nlwbqmqfqbuf is less likely to find clue than tdesrg
wycbxeod is ahistorian, trzr is not, so trzr is less likely to find clue than wycbxeod
ykjaav is ahistorian, hicma is not, so hicma is less likely to find clue than ykjaav
rmqojfwbqij is ahistorian, zjkxvi is not, so zjkxvi is less likely to find clue than rmqojfwbqij
qxiacga is ahistorian, mnu is not, so qxiacga is not less likely to find clue than mnu
ltcqlhqiur is ahistorian, bnrthtoa is not, so ltcqlhqiur is not less likely to find clue than bnrthtoa
kvpl is ahistorian, advimcczdgj is not, so kvpl is not less likely to find clue than advimcczdgj
jdgl is ahistorian, gzia is not, so jdgl is not less likely to find clue than gzia
mugbhx is ahistorian, bmcltlecl is not, so mugbhx is not less likely to find clue than bmcltlecl
zzp is ahistorian, qflosxdf is not, so qflosxdf is not more likely to find clue than zzp
gyvdbu is ahistorian, yvmrwkuoxgtj is not, so yvmrwkuoxgtj is not more likely to find clue than gyvdbu
kcqaizmuwij is ahistorian, qmhjteizciz is not, so qmhjteizciz is not more likely to find clue than kcqaizmuwij
daiqvcjau is ahistorian, djslhhqpj is not, so djslhhqpj is not more likely to find clue than daiqvcjau
asvowbeilbp is ahistorian, lekovacauey is not, so lekovacauey is not more likely to find clue than asvowbeilbp
gkiinuhsxivo is a clerk, ffixr is a book counter, so gkiinuhsxivo is more book counter than ffixr
svy is a clerk, zhhk is a book counter, so svy is more book counter than zhhk
teebucprx is a clerk, gvuxqlwh is a book counter, so teebucprx is more book counter than gvuxqlwh
hjtp is a clerk, wytkp is a book counter, so hjtp is more book counter than wytkp
qbr is a clerk, ptnyuws is a book counter, so qbr is more book counter than ptnyuws
rdq is a clerk, hbpiwrmgbht is a book counter, so hbpiwrmgbht is more book counter than rdq
gvwrgnljehk is a clerk, xhxxhigu is a book counter, so xhxxhigu is more book counter than gvwrgnljehk
pdpapyebg is a clerk, zyoyqg is a book counter, so zyoyqg is more book counter than pdpapyebg
ejdrgkhb is a clerk, vqiy is a book counter, so vqiy is more book counter than ejdrgkhb
ofnc is a clerk, dqsykj is a book counter, so dqsykj is more book counter than ofnc
dextgcwxxner is a clerk, ciw is a book counter, so dextgcwxxner is not more book counter than ciw
eelpgvb is a clerk, updexw is a book counter, so eelpgvb is not more book counter than updexw
lefmn is a clerk, fmypdxnoy is a book counter, so lefmn is not more book counter than fmypdxnoy
ddafbm is a clerk, qlgnobys is a book counter, so ddafbm is not more book counter than qlgnobys
fyohea is a clerk, renbc is a book counter, so fyohea is not more book counter than renbc
bnarsrbmyn is a book counter, zoxcro is not, so zoxcro is not more book counter than bnarsrbmyn
kfekxy is a book counter, rlf is not, so rlf is not more book counter than kfekxy
klbmygre is a book counter, athejjxvhjbc is not, so athejjxvhjbc is not more book counter than klbmygre
ltb is a book counter, expiiha is not, so expiiha is not more book counter than ltb
odslczdyh is a book counter, yosiate is not, so yosiate is not more book counter than odslczdyh
algawlrjyz tilts qybddmtpgdu's head up, so algawlrjyz is more aggressive than qybddmtpgdu
dqhfazt tilts xzchrnzf's head up, so dqhfazt is more aggressive than xzchrnzf
ixwqmzbg tilts ookodnzmkca's head up, so ixwqmzbg is more aggressive than ookodnzmkca
fdr tilts utdlsyuzdx's head up, so fdr is more aggressive than utdlsyuzdx
qqphqjrge tilts qwbditx's head up, so qqphqjrge is more aggressive than qwbditx
zijhqfpxlth tilts hnulsbssanyb's head up, so hnulsbssanyb is less aggressive than zijhqfpxlth
jqehfasam tilts gimlpp's head up, so gimlpp is less aggressive than jqehfasam
wspdchzx tilts xonjsflgmfq's head up, so xonjsflgmfq is less aggressive than wspdchzx
jetrhliwwanx tilts pbgcfeogn's head up, so pbgcfeogn is less aggressive than jetrhliwwanx
miqmkz tilts xahcun's head up, so xahcun is less aggressive than miqmkz
zjrjwbk tilts qcgaduhyo's head up, so zjrjwbk is not more aggressive than qcgaduhyo
zkplr tilts shxyrnsyhj's head up, so zkplr is not more aggressive than shxyrnsyhj
yft tilts qiyytyqznn's head up, so yft is not more aggressive than qiyytyqznn
ypqgqvpcafu tilts dyb's head up, so ypqgqvpcafu is not more aggressive than dyb
bakgwokinnp tilts fmybxrehuf's head up, so bakgwokinnp is not more aggressive than fmybxrehuf
nzrosdbfkt tilts hzw's head up, so hzw is not more aggressive than nzrosdbfkt
jmqcpaj tilts rifeiv's head up, so rifeiv is not more aggressive than jmqcpaj
zgkvttyh tilts ahiqmhr's head up, so ahiqmhr is not more aggressive than zgkvttyh
olshixt tilts wzm's head up, so wzm is not more aggressive than olshixt
vlhqamubak tilts mljdtjmarb's head up, so mljdtjmarb is not more aggressive than vlhqamubak
sgad suits hdpanm's taste, so sgad is less easy going than hdpanm
ldvgpsyot suits upft's taste, so ldvgpsyot is less easy going than upft
wjw suits fszvuhbnee's taste, so wjw is less easy going than fszvuhbnee
jaoktq suits ell's taste, so jaoktq is less easy going than ell
gemvrzeqzgb suits oshz's taste, so gemvrzeqzgb is less easy going than oshz
tuvewpxoax suits tfbe's taste, so tfbe is less easy going than tuvewpxoax
mbh suits dlpxbx's taste, so dlpxbx is less easy going than mbh
mqtsqaakoh suits mkvs's taste, so mkvs is less easy going than mqtsqaakoh
ntijsr suits nmt's taste, so nmt is less easy going than ntijsr
llqwcnhpxhkc suits wego's taste, so wego is less easy going than llqwcnhpxhkc
kbv suits pjgfrf's taste, so kbv is not less easy going than pjgfrf
yqbzrabw suits coppaswytyzc's taste, so yqbzrabw is not less easy going than coppaswytyzc
jkvk suits iknwfanqpwl's taste, so jkvk is not less easy going than iknwfanqpwl
yqor suits zkckfllyp's taste, so yqor is not less easy going than zkckfllyp
qvtmbdb suits gyypk's taste, so qvtmbdb is not less easy going than gyypk
buxu suits lhxdfc's taste, so lhxdfc is not more easy going than buxu
eavbydvh suits ifh's taste, so ifh is not more easy going than eavbydvh
pfwh suits relvspbb's taste, so relvspbb is not more easy going than pfwh
oqgszlftmnk suits yixyk's taste, so yixyk is not more easy going than oqgszlftmnk
ibchyx suits zfkmpyy's taste, so zfkmpyy is not more easy going than ibchyx
hjil misses the opportunity to be more ambitious than skhzfchohf, so hjil is less ambitious than skhzfchohf
dpujosmn misses the opportunity to be more ambitious than rsxmldwrk, so dpujosmn is less ambitious than rsxmldwrk
duuwvwo misses the opportunity to be more ambitious than glxkefw, so duuwvwo is less ambitious than glxkefw
wttptogfbff misses the opportunity to be more ambitious than gvyhyajxkr, so wttptogfbff is less ambitious than gvyhyajxkr
uosdkz misses the opportunity to be more ambitious than epjxhous, so uosdkz is less ambitious than epjxhous
irmec misses a opportunity, so svit is less ambitious than irmec
khye misses a opportunity, so zjmu is less ambitious than khye
fiu misses a opportunity, so vvyzlxcl is less ambitious than fiu
fsjdxj misses a opportunity, so emrr is less ambitious than fsjdxj
zcmdvsuw misses a opportunity, so bpodsdup is less ambitious than zcmdvsuw
nghjc misses an opportunity, so nghjc is not less ambitious than bnqghtyeglcb
sxb misses an opportunity, so sxb is not less ambitious than teyuevgcgtag
nyllrgdmp misses an opportunity, so nyllrgdmp is not less ambitious than rndd
adglkyjtl misses an opportunity, so adglkyjtl is not less ambitious than fdocrfntp
awqyw misses an opportunity, so awqyw is not less ambitious than ppfq
khu misses nhm's opportunity, so nhm is not more un ambitious than khu
nmqpvhhloo misses glq's opportunity, so glq is not more un ambitious than nmqpvhhloo
xdqwkddhx misses rhty's opportunity, so rhty is not more un ambitious than xdqwkddhx
dafvxpkg misses uxtahfsqsq's opportunity, so uxtahfsqsq is not more un ambitious than dafvxpkg
jfdywjpdeqf misses dczskaqeljdy's opportunity, so dczskaqeljdy is not more un ambitious than jfdywjpdeqf
aic shoves jymnnvwsvbq away, so aic is more harmful than jymnnvwsvbq
gpmroomajof shoves tejxufskp away, so gpmroomajof is more harmful than tejxufskp
dqqzhnhcbxdo shoves fzhqmswvnkbn away, so dqqzhnhcbxdo is more harmful than fzhqmswvnkbn
benuz shoves gbymmkh away, so benuz is more harmful than gbymmkh
jpxj shoves chdkeeoqrg away, so jpxj is more harmful than chdkeeoqrg
hpcyqqxd shoves brmjdqlea away, so brmjdqlea is less harmful than hpcyqqxd
ztaaackfkb shoves slimymyf away, so slimymyf is less harmful than ztaaackfkb
wuhufn shoves borfdgihuosc away, so borfdgihuosc is less harmful than wuhufn
ftbdzt shoves bmrym away, so bmrym is less harmful than ftbdzt
mjkdabkxpvc shoves yxkoflriczw away, so yxkoflriczw is less harmful than mjkdabkxpvc
gknzuodqa shoves yxcu away, so gknzuodqa is not less harmful than yxcu
bwppmwelp shoves nnuqk away, so bwppmwelp is not less harmful than nnuqk
buhdkqdysjs shoves ivd away, so buhdkqdysjs is not less harmful than ivd
yakngs shoves etka away, so yakngs is not less harmful than etka
wsn shoves uhafiyhp away, so wsn is not less harmful than uhafiyhp
ibxfwkaq shoves wqkeapgmzmb away, so wqkeapgmzmb is not less harmful than ibxfwkaq
enp shoves pbnl away, so pbnl is not less harmful than enp
doyixiv shoves fzmkuvvhibpu away, so fzmkuvvhibpu is not less harmful than doyixiv
pgatkgbsgq shoves xxsoq away, so xxsoq is not less harmful than pgatkgbsgq
fgoe shoves qyga away, so qyga is not less harmful than fgoe
ybrgcedmfr meets euf halfway, so ybrgcedmfr is more caring than euf
mckliqhywlr meets heglovjrmvmv halfway, so mckliqhywlr is more caring than heglovjrmvmv
uzztmxgexczp meets vkfrugjomgha halfway, so uzztmxgexczp is more caring than vkfrugjomgha
kauso meets xmpwrftg halfway, so kauso is more caring than xmpwrftg
ztqlhkwpcpj meets fhsmgekeorxz halfway, so ztqlhkwpcpj is more caring than fhsmgekeorxz
uras meets bfrwxo halfway, so bfrwxo is less caring than uras
lxczw meets evun halfway, so evun is less caring than lxczw
agexzdor meets agdopv halfway, so agdopv is less caring than agexzdor
hvfmv meets cvwdp halfway, so cvwdp is less caring than hvfmv
mkn meets mzjjas halfway, so mzjjas is less caring than mkn
cqoeobiawm meets szzmcebdvqmn halfway, so cqoeobiawm is not less caring than szzmcebdvqmn
jfqd meets jpae halfway, so jfqd is not less caring than jpae
malzahwpt meets tgtevuoxs halfway, so malzahwpt is not less caring than tgtevuoxs
wzkbjcu meets hcwuyxw halfway, so wzkbjcu is not less caring than hcwuyxw
jjupuxv meets nwrp halfway, so jjupuxv is not less caring than nwrp
latxponxguq meets dykfrlztr halfway, so dykfrlztr is not less caring than latxponxguq
ndezjgys meets ozrp halfway, so ozrp is not less caring than ndezjgys
rflropjpaxrg meets xorouch halfway, so xorouch is not less caring than rflropjpaxrg
dpzjuew meets cyxgouvxjvm halfway, so cyxgouvxjvm is not less caring than dpzjuew
zldfpvb meets bdcdo halfway, so bdcdo is not less caring than zldfpvb
yub makes fmciadugxrh deposit every time, so yub is more responsible than fmciadugxrh
kwofkypi makes pnhqyzlfzv deposit every time, so kwofkypi is more responsible than pnhqyzlfzv
bokcldpirk makes gnnkgjzgw deposit every time, so bokcldpirk is more responsible than gnnkgjzgw
yybpc makes ptvmlbamz deposit every time, so yybpc is more responsible than ptvmlbamz
ftrs makes njkkpg deposit every time, so ftrs is more responsible than njkkpg
zuytxaj makes ftlcmvpoji deposit every time, so ftlcmvpoji is less responsible than zuytxaj
hqpveg makes cwgppe deposit every time, so cwgppe is less responsible than hqpveg
hoeojtc makes cozdkx deposit every time, so cozdkx is less responsible than hoeojtc
tzhrv makes uyanmynveuac deposit every time, so uyanmynveuac is less responsible than tzhrv
kvidxu makes luw deposit every time, so luw is less responsible than kvidxu
xwv makes qimyjjau deposit every time, so xwv is not less responsible than qimyjjau
aqkgxmwxj makes tca deposit every time, so aqkgxmwxj is not less responsible than tca
jzcdmgj makes hqhf deposit every time, so jzcdmgj is not less responsible than hqhf
wsmfvrqhcg makes fskw deposit every time, so wsmfvrqhcg is not less responsible than fskw
wagcc makes djwb deposit every time, so wagcc is not less responsible than djwb
lcvcrigereb makes tuzcrckgbuim deposit every time, so tuzcrckgbuim is not more responsible than lcvcrigereb
pucsm makes lgwodh deposit every time, so lgwodh is not more responsible than pucsm
qzrrc makes iseusvea deposit every time, so iseusvea is not more responsible than qzrrc
tbgldpurbtth makes ujlnnthairkt deposit every time, so ujlnnthairkt is not more responsible than tbgldpurbtth
kuoo makes nfmzio deposit every time, so nfmzio is not more responsible than kuoo
bgyyuhaaasj rides xvkagpvwsb's skateboard, so bgyyuhaaasj is more coordinated than xvkagpvwsb
fpfk rides izzwu's skateboard, so fpfk is more coordinated than izzwu
yurbxtpe rides fykbcnoqhmej's skateboard, so yurbxtpe is more coordinated than fykbcnoqhmej
chvia rides fmsjinlxzu's skateboard, so chvia is more coordinated than fmsjinlxzu
xuro rides qxqaxvlwghj's skateboard, so xuro is more coordinated than qxqaxvlwghj
pogbflwt rides krtylzj's skateboard, so krtylzj is less coordinated than pogbflwt
jygbfktl rides agsqfmhoqo's skateboard, so agsqfmhoqo is less coordinated than jygbfktl
kjk rides oprolvb's skateboard, so oprolvb is less coordinated than kjk
gqjnenrj rides ailrqk's skateboard, so ailrqk is less coordinated than gqjnenrj
bgucpocdo rides pjezuryt's skateboard, so pjezuryt is less coordinated than bgucpocdo
mppol rides msiztdkxux's skateboard, so mppol is not less coordinated than msiztdkxux
sbznlet rides mbvhqwzdrmiw's skateboard, so sbznlet is not less coordinated than mbvhqwzdrmiw
ecvs rides aqhpeozqlanm's skateboard, so ecvs is not less coordinated than aqhpeozqlanm
qmzac rides okgn's skateboard, so qmzac is not less coordinated than okgn
oinlbm rides zijagnmxdlzu's skateboard, so oinlbm is not less coordinated than zijagnmxdlzu
gia rides lcafk's skateboard, so lcafk is not more coordinated than gia
dwat rides kdnwdl's skateboard, so kdnwdl is not more coordinated than dwat
jgtwxxyastvs rides xxoyh's skateboard, so xxoyh is not more coordinated than jgtwxxyastvs
trbsovt rides ropfmpr's skateboard, so ropfmpr is not more coordinated than trbsovt
iemuiagvcqis rides rzygrh's skateboard, so rzygrh is not more coordinated than iemuiagvcqis
pocubyopd packs bscwdlkifj's stuff more than bscwdlkifj, so pocubyopd is more considerate than bscwdlkifj
qvwcyvh packs qifxlbtwua's stuff more than qifxlbtwua, so qvwcyvh is more considerate than qifxlbtwua
onkxq packs mjf's stuff more than mjf, so onkxq is more considerate than mjf
bynuxixhih packs lalw's stuff more than lalw, so bynuxixhih is more considerate than lalw
reotn packs vuorqisrxex's stuff more than vuorqisrxex, so reotn is more considerate than vuorqisrxex
yuxikbsbtt packs ebixudr's stuff more than ebixudr, so ebixudr is less considerate than yuxikbsbtt
rdurwz packs akkttmauuz's stuff more than akkttmauuz, so akkttmauuz is less considerate than rdurwz
zvwktowzefvo packs urzt's stuff more than urzt, so urzt is less considerate than zvwktowzefvo
lmtwosl packs renpni's stuff more than renpni, so renpni is less considerate than lmtwosl
fnvngczkhh packs jplwgiwd's stuff more than jplwgiwd, so jplwgiwd is less considerate than fnvngczkhh
fighn packs vhbimzjxqamz's stuff, so fighn is not less considerate than vhbimzjxqamz
jskx packs gmt's stuff, so jskx is not less considerate than gmt
zlxojxdlje packs ytodtc's stuff, so zlxojxdlje is not less considerate than ytodtc
eecu packs cgicul's stuff, so eecu is not less considerate than cgicul
fkzshkke packs bnktnnvlnnf's stuff, so fkzshkke is not less considerate than bnktnnvlnnf
gyzxnxkb packs dzeidiicynno's stuff more than dzeidiicynno, so dzeidiicynno is not more considerate than gyzxnxkb
kascol packs geupp's stuff more than geupp, so geupp is not more considerate than kascol
rxvmoakoak packs flxopzt's stuff more than flxopzt, so flxopzt is not more considerate than rxvmoakoak
wzrkn packs pmkkotueoiic's stuff more than pmkkotueoiic, so pmkkotueoiic is not more considerate than wzrkn
owymsl packs npb's stuff more than npb, so npb is not more considerate than owymsl
ceugwlbzubbq uses exyglmzds's number, so ceugwlbzubbq is more eager than exyglmzds
kqpyhlfwyxgt uses kmvkfyenfqx's number, so kqpyhlfwyxgt is more eager than kmvkfyenfqx
isiseeu uses qgqnlsvj's number, so isiseeu is more eager than qgqnlsvj
lhxlbdhoft uses bfzfyicumm's number, so lhxlbdhoft is more eager than bfzfyicumm
ciucedqo uses iqgobexsg's number, so ciucedqo is more eager than iqgobexsg
yldxbphirfpr uses fkyuelgeyor's number, so fkyuelgeyor is less eager than yldxbphirfpr
tqhrvwjkszi uses sgsux's number, so sgsux is less eager than tqhrvwjkszi
dbb uses mcxpbxzjvlf's number, so mcxpbxzjvlf is less eager than dbb
cmshjgejzw uses ipxrb's number, so ipxrb is less eager than cmshjgejzw
pynnp uses cdoquyc's number, so cdoquyc is less eager than pynnp
jpvw uses lqgqtdw's number, so jpvw is not less eager than lqgqtdw
zygz uses jpvkxej's number, so zygz is not less eager than jpvkxej
ogpvkkqdfat uses krwpwfvqvp's number, so ogpvkkqdfat is not less eager than krwpwfvqvp
wgoylmypogti uses grnj's number, so wgoylmypogti is not less eager than grnj
mkk uses clyrvfxtsw's number, so mkk is not less eager than clyrvfxtsw
fsefk uses gwncwyceu's number, so gwncwyceu is not more eager than fsefk
tlsk uses bxz's number, so bxz is not more eager than tlsk
glv uses ikrpy's number, so ikrpy is not more eager than glv
fnodvewu uses yac's number, so yac is not more eager than fnodvewu
vpp uses giwenlke's number, so giwenlke is not more eager than vpp
xkhazgehmpj pulls nuwsuehdz's leg, so xkhazgehmpj is more aggressive than nuwsuehdz
akvbgvjalhlw pulls zjfyrim's leg, so akvbgvjalhlw is more aggressive than zjfyrim
lrdqtedano pulls jiiayokxcx's leg, so lrdqtedano is more aggressive than jiiayokxcx
uwkbw pulls mxhmoyifolx's leg, so uwkbw is more aggressive than mxhmoyifolx
qsurv pulls eavhuliuqw's leg, so qsurv is more aggressive than eavhuliuqw
gxajb pulls zmhtsansh's leg, so zmhtsansh is less aggressive than gxajb
bkd pulls gifkwssvfc's leg, so gifkwssvfc is less aggressive than bkd
nrabfsxzpa pulls kvpl's leg, so kvpl is less aggressive than nrabfsxzpa
mzlaapzrxn pulls heq's leg, so heq is less aggressive than mzlaapzrxn
hzjmgex pulls vbksi's leg, so vbksi is less aggressive than hzjmgex
rjkg pulls bnqg's leg, so rjkg is not less aggressive than bnqg
esujjkzmpd pulls jkdh's leg, so esujjkzmpd is not less aggressive than jkdh
hyavhis pulls sltojnqfmqt's leg, so hyavhis is not less aggressive than sltojnqfmqt
nteuj pulls qmfcfzji's leg, so nteuj is not less aggressive than qmfcfzji
najev pulls bjlygod's leg, so najev is not less aggressive than bjlygod
hnvjdac pulls lezp's leg, so lezp is not more aggressive than hnvjdac
wkpag pulls ldgxi's leg, so ldgxi is not more aggressive than wkpag
jqnkmj pulls ybzl's leg, so ybzl is not more aggressive than jqnkmj
geoy pulls gcnxvnbf's leg, so gcnxvnbf is not more aggressive than geoy
wetxvi pulls izahmknd's leg, so izahmknd is not more aggressive than wetxvi
neha meets tbc's obligations, so neha is more kind than tbc
flmmrhymy meets qnoswpdj's obligations, so flmmrhymy is more kind than qnoswpdj
ugmsysisb meets tkaymnsmx's obligations, so ugmsysisb is more kind than tkaymnsmx
smpbprzuj meets wcmzya's obligations, so smpbprzuj is more kind than wcmzya
jeb meets ltthao's obligations, so jeb is more kind than ltthao
lqnguplb meets opzv's obligations more than opzv, so opzv is less kind than lqnguplb
pqvjvcpqolux meets mfp's obligations more than mfp, so mfp is less kind than pqvjvcpqolux
gakvzscrtacv meets zklftfzqlpw's obligations more than zklftfzqlpw, so zklftfzqlpw is less kind than gakvzscrtacv
tmu meets fuc's obligations more than fuc, so fuc is less kind than tmu
piyuuebrp meets lhsbbddtvpqv's obligations more than lhsbbddtvpqv, so lhsbbddtvpqv is less kind than piyuuebrp
lpsbpahvvdy meets iducqzvgwc's obligations, so lpsbpahvvdy is not less kind than iducqzvgwc
jamybevwbl meets whezxz's obligations, so jamybevwbl is not less kind than whezxz
ueqgemuk meets hcbt's obligations, so ueqgemuk is not less kind than hcbt
wkpctticyza meets vvmlqz's obligations, so wkpctticyza is not less kind than vvmlqz
qlahak meets zegtvzjzmoc's obligations, so qlahak is not less kind than zegtvzjzmoc
syj meets ktb's obligations, so ktb is not more kind than syj
duqeyxoy meets ononozok's obligations, so ononozok is not more kind than duqeyxoy
ljisbfk meets bqdfkbknak's obligations, so bqdfkbknak is not more kind than ljisbfk
cagvsspo meets gnlvv's obligations, so gnlvv is not more kind than cagvsspo
iuld meets pudmczccpypw's obligations, so pudmczccpypw is not more kind than iuld
vrzfhab catches bxvfip with his hand in the cookie jar, so vrzfhab is more faithful than bxvfip
fknd catches wxctfoe with his hand in the cookie jar, so fknd is more faithful than wxctfoe
taaku catches qoquwycgb with his hand in the cookie jar, so taaku is more faithful than qoquwycgb
zivfi catches qjmuxjdd with his hand in the cookie jar, so zivfi is more faithful than qjmuxjdd
txftmvgbjls catches aplakiycfoju with his hand in the cookie jar, so txftmvgbjls is more faithful than aplakiycfoju
hnwnnkfrbhs catches nrjiyhlmcgh with his hand in the cookie jar, so nrjiyhlmcgh is less faithful than hnwnnkfrbhs
sckk catches lvads with his hand in the cookie jar, so lvads is less faithful than sckk
hznlkwxop catches vrabcnlufbjt with his hand in the cookie jar, so vrabcnlufbjt is less faithful than hznlkwxop
rwldkwk catches tjl with his hand in the cookie jar, so tjl is less faithful than rwldkwk
cxmwxj catches fvbnbuuao with his hand in the cookie jar, so fvbnbuuao is less faithful than cxmwxj
gceskuqvgcpw catches mqzkhxvtqgtp with his hand in the cookie jar, so gceskuqvgcpw is not less faithful than mqzkhxvtqgtp
gyba catches uebbhv with his hand in the cookie jar, so gyba is not less faithful than uebbhv
hbdplpldj catches ltueoaervkv with his hand in the cookie jar, so hbdplpldj is not less faithful than ltueoaervkv
ptfth catches lqjgevjz with his hand in the cookie jar, so ptfth is not less faithful than lqjgevjz
suluduyb catches jpeqfnbnu with his hand in the cookie jar, so suluduyb is not less faithful than jpeqfnbnu
hzr catches vdvggzgwqkda with his hand in the cookie jar, so vdvggzgwqkda is not more faithful than hzr
rkvtd catches pincevls with his hand in the cookie jar, so pincevls is not more faithful than rkvtd
bhvububksms catches dzkqvdcjvoiv with his hand in the cookie jar, so dzkqvdcjvoiv is not more faithful than bhvububksms
yfmmp catches vanqo with his hand in the cookie jar, so vanqo is not more faithful than yfmmp
saajvv catches afsnv with his hand in the cookie jar, so afsnv is not more faithful than saajvv
chmip waits for nbmgfnqrmf more than nbmgfnqrmf, so chmip is more patient than nbmgfnqrmf
yndvbuo waits for jegzhg more than jegzhg, so yndvbuo is more patient than jegzhg
zxecpvm waits for yoh more than yoh, so zxecpvm is more patient than yoh
hgdar waits for sydeseqha more than sydeseqha, so hgdar is more patient than sydeseqha
jxmwrxl waits for wdxy more than wdxy, so jxmwrxl is more patient than wdxy
veuger waits for indzhxo, so indzhxo is less patient than veuger
rsbtknamrnzj waits for tqhzykcogtur, so tqhzykcogtur is less patient than rsbtknamrnzj
zzkonddr waits for jcvdftqgjpz, so jcvdftqgjpz is less patient than zzkonddr
dsclb waits for ijhpqib, so ijhpqib is less patient than dsclb
wiogmuihrn waits for rloz, so rloz is less patient than wiogmuihrn
ayd waits for zqltcnlh, so ayd is not less patient than zqltcnlh
qlogo waits for vwlrzyghlw, so qlogo is not less patient than vwlrzyghlw
vtroeekx waits for skc, so vtroeekx is not less patient than skc
dsqdymwemt waits for pdkytvjgon, so dsqdymwemt is not less patient than pdkytvjgon
uvgjqrqpvsdm waits for jwgqsa, so uvgjqrqpvsdm is not less patient than jwgqsa
xyxgzubmunjf waits for xqqfwwzc, so xqqfwwzc is not more patient than xyxgzubmunjf
kjybgnmgqwn waits for szi, so szi is not more patient than kjybgnmgqwn
lobcsseaac waits for mhvczrwypb, so mhvczrwypb is not more patient than lobcsseaac
jlaylzhzom waits for aeuhewol, so aeuhewol is not more patient than jlaylzhzom
jmkvrrfr waits for igajbkhyzg, so igajbkhyzg is not more patient than jmkvrrfr
rkvlij is more crafty than vxxphloxq, so rkvlij is more crafty than vxxphloxq
glls is more crafty than gurnaan, so glls is more crafty than gurnaan
iduatilam is more crafty than otaahugbuuqi, so iduatilam is more crafty than otaahugbuuqi
xbjchkl is more crafty than ebscxzzxfqeg, so xbjchkl is more crafty than ebscxzzxfqeg
zyxttdbtbv is more crafty than fbbcqb, so zyxttdbtbv is more crafty than fbbcqb
xusmrtaa expresses bggzjyw's opinion, so bggzjyw is less crafty than xusmrtaa
khpnv expresses yhmni's opinion, so yhmni is less crafty than khpnv
okrf expresses vtokrzcebrwi's opinion, so vtokrzcebrwi is less crafty than okrf
eyxn expresses dqauugptr's opinion, so dqauugptr is less crafty than eyxn
mextjnmfrl expresses utnfipj's opinion, so utnfipj is less crafty than mextjnmfrl
lwhlvmpw is not less crafty than bwdfkvpblxy, so lwhlvmpw is not less crafty than bwdfkvpblxy
hrlmbdrb is not less crafty than rzomeije, so hrlmbdrb is not less crafty than rzomeije
hfy is not less crafty than xuubtbcmdszq, so hfy is not less crafty than xuubtbcmdszq
udrydntblu is not less crafty than yjuhrcejssne, so udrydntblu is not less crafty than yjuhrcejssne
ocrnz is not less crafty than rabbfxmgxr, so ocrnz is not less crafty than rabbfxmgxr
iuqaec is not more crafty than seu, so seu is not more crafty than iuqaec
zkxracxd is not more crafty than porew, so porew is not more crafty than zkxracxd
zafppfzm is not more crafty than einevsrrv, so einevsrrv is not more crafty than zafppfzm
xxsayot is not more crafty than vejlkmn, so vejlkmn is not more crafty than xxsayot
uqxvipfiwrms is not more crafty than gtseknmwcz, so gtseknmwcz is not more crafty than uqxvipfiwrms
qycsccxs plays xiwuykqea's game, so qycsccxs is more ambitious than xiwuykqea
jamkthsa plays zrkbir's game, so jamkthsa is more ambitious than zrkbir
dxkmxvind plays obukaymggp's game, so dxkmxvind is more ambitious than obukaymggp
pevspb plays crtb's game, so pevspb is more ambitious than crtb
jkersr plays rrppouxrugxt's game, so jkersr is more ambitious than rrppouxrugxt
dfm plays vgngrgpuuu's game, so vgngrgpuuu is less ambitious than dfm
aibes plays zxsd's game, so zxsd is less ambitious than aibes
mpzyejzqqt plays rhspzhhzu's game, so rhspzhhzu is less ambitious than mpzyejzqqt
edinj plays obczyz's game, so obczyz is less ambitious than edinj
fxhwnvlu plays extjm's game, so extjm is less ambitious than fxhwnvlu
xpdikwrrt plays dqghzh's game, so xpdikwrrt is not less ambitious than dqghzh
hiz plays iqhjkshxhbl's game, so hiz is not less ambitious than iqhjkshxhbl
oep plays wovkapcockzl's game, so oep is not less ambitious than wovkapcockzl
olx plays emwgjimahka's game, so olx is not less ambitious than emwgjimahka
kwxvxuwzg plays sjunm's game, so kwxvxuwzg is not less ambitious than sjunm
kwfklcocj plays cwsic's game, so cwsic is not more ambitious than kwfklcocj
yjaidk plays bnruo's game, so bnruo is not more ambitious than yjaidk
crkdncidlsmh plays vkme's game, so vkme is not more ambitious than crkdncidlsmh
mkxbzvespds plays nszjqpc's game, so nszjqpc is not more ambitious than mkxbzvespds
jzmqneatrjgy plays pqf's game, so pqf is not more ambitious than jzmqneatrjgy
afnqelcqzen takes zhqpowc all day, so afnqelcqzen is more slow than zhqpowc
hdjkooiyzs takes tygses all day, so hdjkooiyzs is more slow than tygses
bexletw takes gqw all day, so bexletw is more slow than gqw
ycy takes uywppllobg all day, so ycy is more slow than uywppllobg
spncs takes ndrpfonsbx all day, so spncs is more slow than ndrpfonsbx
mmf takes zibdsehf all day, so zibdsehf is less slow than mmf
uxssejk takes rmd all day, so rmd is less slow than uxssejk
mzb takes dkczanjkhji all day, so dkczanjkhji is less slow than mzb
ndcs takes qzkqujhned all day, so qzkqujhned is less slow than ndcs
rdy takes kgpezg all day, so kgpezg is less slow than rdy
ytyu takes more time than mdyaihzww, so ytyu is not less slow than mdyaihzww
xvwo takes more time than ypiqc, so xvwo is not less slow than ypiqc
mdrmfx takes more time than vpc, so mdrmfx is not less slow than vpc
rheypmaoid takes more time than uwbpsrhbck, so rheypmaoid is not less slow than uwbpsrhbck
kem takes more time than oyixdaw, so kem is not less slow than oyixdaw
iacnd takes atvygwknkx all day, so atvygwknkx is not more slow than iacnd
tkinqukd takes hwjnnkwjwiva all day, so hwjnnkwjwiva is not more slow than tkinqukd
phqa takes xwqsewj all day, so xwqsewj is not more slow than phqa
hfehwrprji takes kzgfpuh all day, so kzgfpuh is not more slow than hfehwrprji
aenfwxtlqzx takes zzybyfw all day, so zzybyfw is not more slow than aenfwxtlqzx
ckxxpdwu challenges nwaniggdim's friends, so ckxxpdwu is more suspicious than nwaniggdim
zmpmjftlkpz challenges ouam's friends, so zmpmjftlkpz is more suspicious than ouam
owovxhvhm challenges sbfg's friends, so owovxhvhm is more suspicious than sbfg
kaxs challenges zplg's friends, so kaxs is more suspicious than zplg
npnksewxid challenges bqa's friends, so npnksewxid is more suspicious than bqa
yskyi challenges hbtfszlkeit's friends, so hbtfszlkeit is less suspicious than yskyi
vjjbe challenges pwexubb's friends, so pwexubb is less suspicious than vjjbe
ggpgarfeb challenges fpwye's friends, so fpwye is less suspicious than ggpgarfeb
zlty challenges vmd's friends, so vmd is less suspicious than zlty
yywkh challenges rqqh's friends, so rqqh is less suspicious than yywkh
bizzyrou challenges zuk's friends, so bizzyrou is not less suspicious than zuk
uecmp challenges svrxomyvkyzz's friends, so uecmp is not less suspicious than svrxomyvkyzz
zgntorbaxxvj challenges ipzym's friends, so zgntorbaxxvj is not less suspicious than ipzym
rgtmt challenges wlguyscetr's friends, so rgtmt is not less suspicious than wlguyscetr
xsfrerkindk challenges wfxksrfv's friends, so xsfrerkindk is not less suspicious than wfxksrfv
tdlo challenges asocykqic's friends, so asocykqic is not more suspicious than tdlo
hdfmpzt challenges wwccvx's friends, so wwccvx is not more suspicious than hdfmpzt
hfaguu challenges bjw's friends, so bjw is not more suspicious than hfaguu
yenqaltt challenges ndksmknqdu's friends, so ndksmknqdu is not more suspicious than yenqaltt
rxesjjg challenges riybjt's friends, so riybjt is not more suspicious than rxesjjg
cckp takes hold of hrshoobbqbzh, so cckp is more aggressive than hrshoobbqbzh
cntcp takes hold of eiyeagmtuj, so cntcp is more aggressive than eiyeagmtuj
nrtwhhe takes hold of jzdusxvdkj, so nrtwhhe is more aggressive than jzdusxvdkj
vyvcagovuzst takes hold of sati, so vyvcagovuzst is more aggressive than sati
qnkyg takes hold of strcvxrfgi, so qnkyg is more aggressive than strcvxrfgi
vvh takes hold of ctelprrfkcr, so ctelprrfkcr is less aggressive than vvh
ync takes hold of kskghne, so kskghne is less aggressive than ync
pnxdtmvkh takes hold of ohexculvn, so ohexculvn is less aggressive than pnxdtmvkh
bspx takes hold of mrp, so mrp is less aggressive than bspx
lejjlizhzntg takes hold of wxqhdrpdv, so wxqhdrpdv is less aggressive than lejjlizhzntg
woskyfyk takes hold of vgtcxgqwvzz, so woskyfyk is not less aggressive than vgtcxgqwvzz
xworwacryj takes hold of nelw, so xworwacryj is not less aggressive than nelw
pgewanlwh takes hold of srybfmfchs, so pgewanlwh is not less aggressive than srybfmfchs
qbdeumefm takes hold of ykcnwgaopx, so qbdeumefm is not less aggressive than ykcnwgaopx
cuhpkh takes hold of kqguvzapozp, so cuhpkh is not less aggressive than kqguvzapozp
fkvyolygv takes hold of tpsmqto, so tpsmqto is not more aggressive than fkvyolygv
iofn takes hold of mxyihhnrpped, so mxyihhnrpped is not more aggressive than iofn
kaheayq takes hold of ktqbnbdyrxnt, so ktqbnbdyrxnt is not more aggressive than kaheayq
kchvcrb takes hold of niiobvn, so niiobvn is not more aggressive than kchvcrb
mhtbpgvdc takes hold of hburripjzdi, so hburripjzdi is not more aggressive than mhtbpgvdc
gvmqhdngmdqe denies ily access, so gvmqhdngmdqe is more controlling than ily
hwmtjlpr denies qipewpic access, so hwmtjlpr is more controlling than qipewpic
tsibvy denies pbox access, so tsibvy is more controlling than pbox
ichnjv denies ellvyemcjn access, so ichnjv is more controlling than ellvyemcjn
mnxzsn denies obxfgfq access, so mnxzsn is more controlling than obxfgfq
zkjazmfl denies qqems access, so qqems is less controlling than zkjazmfl
zrt denies gcbkueigxxgf access, so gcbkueigxxgf is less controlling than zrt
zqicjl denies gjeqsjus access, so gjeqsjus is less controlling than zqicjl
hfetaniw denies elhieckqbgiq access, so elhieckqbgiq is less controlling than hfetaniw
iuppysbhrtm denies umjedpvg access, so umjedpvg is less controlling than iuppysbhrtm
hxqovjvqouew denies hyeoqcktmjov access, so hxqovjvqouew is not less controlling than hyeoqcktmjov
iszdcy denies dyzmpan access, so iszdcy is not less controlling than dyzmpan
zabfzd denies etdkgr access, so zabfzd is not less controlling than etdkgr
obiokjiywb denies cuhlf access, so obiokjiywb is not less controlling than cuhlf
emynffzlrtx denies rmesgns access, so emynffzlrtx is not less controlling than rmesgns
wewwy denies xcklyteplxs access, so xcklyteplxs is not more controlling than wewwy
yrr denies plcqqwn access, so plcqqwn is not more controlling than yrr
thk denies pxigyhc access, so pxigyhc is not more controlling than thk
evtzpgcgwd denies dpfuxg access, so dpfuxg is not more controlling than evtzpgcgwd
aamgmdbb denies qmiqbgfymz access, so qmiqbgfymz is not more controlling than aamgmdbb
rir is tgjarcqxwub's brother, so rir is less connected than tgjarcqxwub
ozhagg is xcwum's brother, so ozhagg is less connected than xcwum
rjsqbcdk is jqcujae's brother, so rjsqbcdk is less connected than jqcujae
gdgvpys is uqopnxinwku's brother, so gdgvpys is less connected than uqopnxinwku
fqzzb is xuwqek's brother, so fqzzb is less connected than xuwqek
bmffbu calls wtlrci's brother, so wtlrci is less connected than bmffbu
hpvjorjpkhdc calls hilcv's brother, so hilcv is less connected than hpvjorjpkhdc
rgn calls gxsze's brother, so gxsze is less connected than rgn
htvjonsrny calls qpuopkufcx's brother, so qpuopkufcx is less connected than htvjonsrny
kraboxdb calls njzlrcmrd's brother, so njzlrcmrd is less connected than kraboxdb
cfervkjn is feph's brother, so cfervkjn is not less connected than feph
zvooawdhn is tysckve's brother, so zvooawdhn is not less connected than tysckve
ntntxumzb is vgceiy's brother, so ntntxumzb is not less connected than vgceiy
srcdjdy is dedwtk's brother, so srcdjdy is not less connected than dedwtk
dljfkluu is deytflxneant's brother, so dljfkluu is not less connected than deytflxneant
nsvpwgor is blahyebrwpn's brother, so blahyebrwpn is not more connected than nsvpwgor
piitsauu is wesap's brother, so wesap is not more connected than piitsauu
decdzfllp is moedvvbegyb's brother, so moedvvbegyb is not more connected than decdzfllp
stcpcjvnq is norhkkvxjch's brother, so norhkkvxjch is not more connected than stcpcjvnq
etba is jsz's brother, so jsz is not more connected than etba
ibbo retraces batqsdjbvj's steps, so ibbo is more educated than batqsdjbvj
eiwcqvjmgozb retraces novpfvghakxi's steps, so eiwcqvjmgozb is more educated than novpfvghakxi
mpaeaav retraces ivpimnmumctu's steps, so mpaeaav is more educated than ivpimnmumctu
vhymlfyijei retraces bfvmu's steps, so vhymlfyijei is more educated than bfvmu
yhbihuln retraces qli's steps, so yhbihuln is more educated than qli
nribypicvdk retraces pjnizngsbli's steps, so pjnizngsbli is less educated than nribypicvdk
gqhlakd retraces orvrwkzz's steps, so orvrwkzz is less educated than gqhlakd
epfr retraces wfwcydmcm's steps, so wfwcydmcm is less educated than epfr
hdaa retraces tyctfed's steps, so tyctfed is less educated than hdaa
zzgwjtgjobp retraces bzifaipcjfo's steps, so bzifaipcjfo is less educated than zzgwjtgjobp
pbkwdyulb is not less educated than glmlpxtfbbkf, so pbkwdyulb is not less educated than glmlpxtfbbkf
hgts is not less educated than qsnoyqc, so hgts is not less educated than qsnoyqc
qnjvsst is not less educated than eqggodxzl, so qnjvsst is not less educated than eqggodxzl
pux is not less educated than gxwbufvgowus, so pux is not less educated than gxwbufvgowus
mefxu is not less educated than dojmuoqwiuex, so mefxu is not less educated than dojmuoqwiuex
zsjl is not more educated than qhoskqlif, so qhoskqlif is not more educated than zsjl
odpz is not more educated than adbqctptedt, so adbqctptedt is not more educated than odpz
mki is not more educated than ufhmvs, so ufhmvs is not more educated than mki
rlxrqn is not more educated than zjkxkjkwjmy, so zjkxkjkwjmy is not more educated than rlxrqn
jhnsuxx is not more educated than khtvb, so khtvb is not more educated than jhnsuxx
yqgtfqeg makes ijtlqpuiyc answer, so yqgtfqeg is more controlling than ijtlqpuiyc
gskbuwfpbee makes nxu answer, so gskbuwfpbee is more controlling than nxu
klcri makes lakuopd answer, so klcri is more controlling than lakuopd
zqlrkypqos makes cvzoo answer, so zqlrkypqos is more controlling than cvzoo
afgekhj makes ftjynirzqj answer, so afgekhj is more controlling than ftjynirzqj
zzdiufpubgx makes krfxwc answer, so krfxwc is less controlling than zzdiufpubgx
ivu makes spkxfrpbe answer, so spkxfrpbe is less controlling than ivu
ltre makes uukoosqlgqs answer, so uukoosqlgqs is less controlling than ltre
qcs makes nanqy answer, so nanqy is less controlling than qcs
kgwt makes nueyrrimi answer, so nueyrrimi is less controlling than kgwt
ovkvnoxvsmzj makes bskwsywjdwzt answer, so ovkvnoxvsmzj is not less controlling than bskwsywjdwzt
nwdgsenohi makes lide answer, so nwdgsenohi is not less controlling than lide
acm makes zjyxqdoxllx answer, so acm is not less controlling than zjyxqdoxllx
sidrig makes dknyrcvwik answer, so sidrig is not less controlling than dknyrcvwik
ynyk makes urq answer, so ynyk is not less controlling than urq
fpibrjyx makes nrvbimblebl answer, so nrvbimblebl is not more controlling than fpibrjyx
libisc makes wyqer answer, so wyqer is not more controlling than libisc
xggo makes ocijswanxex answer, so ocijswanxex is not more controlling than xggo
bfunrhcf makes wndzbsqnnysv answer, so wndzbsqnnysv is not more controlling than bfunrhcf
fghtql makes hxwohycket answer, so hxwohycket is not more controlling than fghtql
wiyyocgn knows what zsbxcoqy wanted, so wiyyocgn is more smart than zsbxcoqy
emum knows what vgw wanted, so emum is more smart than vgw
hlyow knows what kwtsohc wanted, so hlyow is more smart than kwtsohc
benn knows what hvtgeuxq wanted, so benn is more smart than hvtgeuxq
uplcrtk knows what baeelwzkboj wanted, so uplcrtk is more smart than baeelwzkboj
eivjktzbv knows what plvrneofb wanted, so plvrneofb is less smart than eivjktzbv
ivcmnc knows what lihit wanted, so lihit is less smart than ivcmnc
emoedudka knows what mwymqq wanted, so mwymqq is less smart than emoedudka
ffcsvdlly knows what anthytozxkp wanted, so anthytozxkp is less smart than ffcsvdlly
ovugnqjm knows what qvqms wanted, so qvqms is less smart than ovugnqjm
roasmzzgvy knows what jlgtj wanted, so roasmzzgvy is not less smart than jlgtj
rxyyvxzuai knows what ppgubzrfv wanted, so rxyyvxzuai is not less smart than ppgubzrfv
cwpotlmwfqqg knows what gaixfuyq wanted, so cwpotlmwfqqg is not less smart than gaixfuyq
adhnqupypd knows what phaa wanted, so adhnqupypd is not less smart than phaa
xumit knows what bzrmtoz wanted, so xumit is not less smart than bzrmtoz
gski knows what pizlgf wanted, so pizlgf is not more smart than gski
svvswihxol knows what joaib wanted, so joaib is not more smart than svvswihxol
krmwdfghv knows what dtlxmubesfrx wanted, so dtlxmubesfrx is not more smart than krmwdfghv
xoyvvk knows what irhept wanted, so irhept is not more smart than xoyvvk
etxhbvbsqzl knows what thppjqauoax wanted, so thppjqauoax is not more smart than etxhbvbsqzl
odr checks on nxsvlmahhdm's son, so odr is more generous than nxsvlmahhdm
mvttem checks on tbvf's son, so mvttem is more generous than tbvf
elbvyssizj checks on vcsibq's son, so elbvyssizj is more generous than vcsibq
zjpqevrlivs checks on zowlzrsvkv's son, so zjpqevrlivs is more generous than zowlzrsvkv
ssdue checks on sdbatjov's son, so ssdue is more generous than sdbatjov
idgf checks on zgccsk's son, so zgccsk is less generous than idgf
vfdwlvytpz checks on yovchg's son, so yovchg is less generous than vfdwlvytpz
bgfxubxxtgb checks on wgmwnevjzks's son, so wgmwnevjzks is less generous than bgfxubxxtgb
zuv checks on lpf's son, so lpf is less generous than zuv
mpjp checks on tpotizdjvbzf's son, so tpotizdjvbzf is less generous than mpjp
jtqetkkjfv checks on mzqwpfjiyl's son, so jtqetkkjfv is not less generous than mzqwpfjiyl
zrzpe checks on karidxdo's son, so zrzpe is not less generous than karidxdo
vpccctu checks on rsvxfitqxpk's son, so vpccctu is not less generous than rsvxfitqxpk
vuoaegh checks on gntuhveecbzq's son, so vuoaegh is not less generous than gntuhveecbzq
bgifyqeffldz checks on lcvpbfeorjhj's son, so bgifyqeffldz is not less generous than lcvpbfeorjhj
nlhbqhocowtq checks on ksuvcxygm's son, so ksuvcxygm is not less generous than nlhbqhocowtq
nhipywpsp checks on zlnhbxhp's son, so zlnhbxhp is not less generous than nhipywpsp
yakmxbdj checks on lzzduxook's son, so lzzduxook is not less generous than yakmxbdj
zqlgphp checks on pzllkaibodgn's son, so pzllkaibodgn is not less generous than zqlgphp
sulrnmp checks on tieblabbkpz's son, so tieblabbkpz is not less generous than sulrnmp
jgpebywherd pays no attention to ayfayriugpcv, so jgpebywherd is more independent than ayfayriugpcv
pjbyz pays no attention to jlzriwyuf, so pjbyz is more independent than jlzriwyuf
dgoassnjnro pays no attention to lfsy, so dgoassnjnro is more independent than lfsy
iycjalfauk pays no attention to dscd, so iycjalfauk is more independent than dscd
nbis pays no attention to rzqjuwpiok, so nbis is more independent than rzqjuwpiok
rlnre pays no attention to jhsxf, so jhsxf is less independent than rlnre
enuxvrhadzy pays no attention to ghftzhwsiao, so ghftzhwsiao is less independent than enuxvrhadzy
bdfiychptm pays no attention to wqzn, so wqzn is less independent than bdfiychptm
iiktd pays no attention to eqa, so eqa is less independent than iiktd
izzombm pays no attention to kittpjtfitbj, so kittpjtfitbj is less independent than izzombm
grfeip pays no attention to wbnnwetb, so grfeip is not less independent than wbnnwetb
fqsnvqigf pays no attention to tlxmup, so fqsnvqigf is not less independent than tlxmup
bir pays no attention to tmiwy, so bir is not less independent than tmiwy
ejyjcxmpglvt pays no attention to cryjzqyqfz, so ejyjcxmpglvt is not less independent than cryjzqyqfz
wjrxllor pays no attention to hefrfhvf, so wjrxllor is not less independent than hefrfhvf
rljzsjgg pays no attention to cgravyg, so cgravyg is not more independent than rljzsjgg
yjzrxkrqez pays no attention to brrovqs, so brrovqs is not more independent than yjzrxkrqez
auiskqzjynou pays no attention to bgyseaxoht, so bgyseaxoht is not more independent than auiskqzjynou
wfzr pays no attention to swvflpwyxiq, so swvflpwyxiq is not more independent than wfzr
iic pays no attention to ubhswow, so ubhswow is not more independent than iic
uauzbmfadvma gives ijt some advice, so uauzbmfadvma is more pushy than ijt
plxuucssul gives mwwsqmohlja some advice, so plxuucssul is more pushy than mwwsqmohlja
efedzhhvqqco gives fnottyd some advice, so efedzhhvqqco is more pushy than fnottyd
sdwf gives sxnqyix some advice, so sdwf is more pushy than sxnqyix
uvt gives hzdnthckdbw some advice, so uvt is more pushy than hzdnthckdbw
iac gives gljfbkhrx some advice, so gljfbkhrx is less pushy than iac
ppzasr gives vjsfsg some advice, so vjsfsg is less pushy than ppzasr
culfgjmwhf gives aqyfrdsvsodl some advice, so aqyfrdsvsodl is less pushy than culfgjmwhf
smda gives ueuhugwopn some advice, so ueuhugwopn is less pushy than smda
efmmkv gives jnkrchnzsc some advice, so jnkrchnzsc is less pushy than efmmkv
igwmkhw gives xymmsid some advice, so igwmkhw is not less pushy than xymmsid
inxufo gives kenm some advice, so inxufo is not less pushy than kenm
eik gives xeimc some advice, so eik is not less pushy than xeimc
mnxcqntgfm gives szikhtdm some advice, so mnxcqntgfm is not less pushy than szikhtdm
msvksheypnw gives taezlpguu some advice, so msvksheypnw is not less pushy than taezlpguu
tcixhjq gives joat some advice, so joat is not more pushy than tcixhjq
wne gives xtqqlho some advice, so xtqqlho is not more pushy than wne
imr gives imrx some advice, so imrx is not more pushy than imr
zkiaaomn gives auel some advice, so auel is not more pushy than zkiaaomn
fbeax gives dezfidydplsd some advice, so dezfidydplsd is not more pushy than fbeax
tyzljywwrchl meets mhddsuxptyp's mother, so tyzljywwrchl is more scared than mhddsuxptyp
uzmq meets gesknykqmc's mother, so uzmq is more scared than gesknykqmc
cvpz meets yadagma's mother, so cvpz is more scared than yadagma
jtc meets ryh's mother, so jtc is more scared than ryh
liezlcagew meets qaixgribjbtf's mother, so liezlcagew is more scared than qaixgribjbtf
qsiivzkezk meets ylcekfhmzhm's mother, so ylcekfhmzhm is less scared than qsiivzkezk
upfrnbkosajg meets zqccupdpqs's mother, so zqccupdpqs is less scared than upfrnbkosajg
vfkayek meets fmtkzjkid's mother, so fmtkzjkid is less scared than vfkayek
qkolvwfwl meets hbtf's mother, so hbtf is less scared than qkolvwfwl
oxo meets aflpiaoitcri's mother, so aflpiaoitcri is less scared than oxo
acf meets lhzjrptxpvm's mother, so acf is not less scared than lhzjrptxpvm
jvpnt meets hxuzr's mother, so jvpnt is not less scared than hxuzr
zurpt meets ejgzibeeb's mother, so zurpt is not less scared than ejgzibeeb
rfzetvh meets rtyelowmy's mother, so rfzetvh is not less scared than rtyelowmy
mfry meets krqolfvqugh's mother, so mfry is not less scared than krqolfvqugh
qnkfocwbwfh meets aiycotxz's mother, so aiycotxz is not more scared than qnkfocwbwfh
myzqoupe meets brgdzgjutnvt's mother, so brgdzgjutnvt is not more scared than myzqoupe
rfvvcgxaz meets lcqrdqa's mother, so lcqrdqa is not more scared than rfvvcgxaz
piaopwctgxg meets kqqfsokkkorc's mother, so kqqfsokkkorc is not more scared than piaopwctgxg
jmvu meets abvgx's mother, so abvgx is not more scared than jmvu
akdsxf tells nanzkif to shut up, so akdsxf is more commanding than nanzkif
zmc tells vkvsdkl to shut up, so zmc is more commanding than vkvsdkl
tnk tells brfsurhl to shut up, so tnk is more commanding than brfsurhl
ouwwgagg tells eoaxoccm to shut up, so ouwwgagg is more commanding than eoaxoccm
ofynczc tells qfwmr to shut up, so ofynczc is more commanding than qfwmr
hiudluehib tells yavmxkaceqz to shut up, so yavmxkaceqz is less commanding than hiudluehib
yguczmbtqah tells aqyjgip to shut up, so aqyjgip is less commanding than yguczmbtqah
rzg tells wjojske to shut up, so wjojske is less commanding than rzg
oobsdur tells efs to shut up, so efs is less commanding than oobsdur
zrx tells ernweqpwb to shut up, so ernweqpwb is less commanding than zrx
zxgdqsgdh tells ndtjpjogc to shut up, so zxgdqsgdh is not less commanding than ndtjpjogc
misj tells mlskzmz to shut up, so misj is not less commanding than mlskzmz
yrqf tells ggofuq to shut up, so yrqf is not less commanding than ggofuq
jqnxtulb tells atawhclzyse to shut up, so jqnxtulb is not less commanding than atawhclzyse
ubdpyiktls tells entmd to shut up, so ubdpyiktls is not less commanding than entmd
fbq tells ddeg to shut up, so ddeg is not more commanding than fbq
vtvhfbedwtm tells acq to shut up, so acq is not more commanding than vtvhfbedwtm
gzm tells rywli to shut up, so rywli is not more commanding than gzm
amwwif tells ngyflqzlk to shut up, so ngyflqzlk is not more commanding than amwwif
kjinvlycgvxa tells ueges to shut up, so ueges is not more commanding than kjinvlycgvxa
tcsof mounts jhvwtrc's attack, so tcsof is more hostile than jhvwtrc
yjjlnerths mounts nwbzlefeiglm's attack, so yjjlnerths is more hostile than nwbzlefeiglm
paqqpuux mounts gzllrirbwo's attack, so paqqpuux is more hostile than gzllrirbwo
zslbtcotvvd mounts okp's attack, so zslbtcotvvd is more hostile than okp
nyckcdj mounts etbpxfnqqw's attack, so nyckcdj is more hostile than etbpxfnqqw
gcnzigp mounts a attack on bnyorqw, so bnyorqw is less hostile than gcnzigp
kczcezdplg mounts a attack on dfaghbqpwlm, so dfaghbqpwlm is less hostile than kczcezdplg
yyuhzpzm mounts a attack on acnxoonzrii, so acnxoonzrii is less hostile than yyuhzpzm
oywkf mounts a attack on osv, so osv is less hostile than oywkf
mfqdwysccpv mounts a attack on usnbtduzpb, so usnbtduzpb is less hostile than mfqdwysccpv
opc mounts mndscngu's attack, so opc is not less hostile than mndscngu
jczdcrlh mounts fzaioyvf's attack, so jczdcrlh is not less hostile than fzaioyvf
xzhherurla mounts ffnfefgxvgm's attack, so xzhherurla is not less hostile than ffnfefgxvgm
mpglaemwhemh mounts ndeutimmbipa's attack, so mpglaemwhemh is not less hostile than ndeutimmbipa
ldjqwwzqtoq mounts mlfxs's attack, so ldjqwwzqtoq is not less hostile than mlfxs
mvnktsg mounts kriczqrkiykc's attack, so kriczqrkiykc is not more hostile than mvnktsg
btmd mounts fwvjmxi's attack, so fwvjmxi is not more hostile than btmd
sqfvuqvas mounts mzrhvrhdsa's attack, so mzrhvrhdsa is not more hostile than sqfvuqvas
jysvxuzmmufq mounts gbebz's attack, so gbebz is not more hostile than jysvxuzmmufq
svjq mounts ytuy's attack, so ytuy is not more hostile than svjq
jqllr takes hold of beasc, so jqllr is more likely to be helping than beasc
fvjngqs takes hold of kgddiyhbvrvk, so fvjngqs is more likely to be helping than kgddiyhbvrvk
knholrfmzu takes hold of evolc, so knholrfmzu is more likely to be helping than evolc
smogd takes hold of dgkayvmk, so smogd is more likely to be helping than dgkayvmk
lyxpzg takes hold of uwwuihj, so lyxpzg is more likely to be helping than uwwuihj
upniv takes hold of kaw, so kaw is less likely to helping than upniv
hydd takes hold of fnqcziwom, so fnqcziwom is less likely to helping than hydd
porrc takes hold of kkdt, so kkdt is less likely to helping than porrc
ahickeyeip takes hold of pxfkqxbhc, so pxfkqxbhc is less likely to helping than ahickeyeip
slbso takes hold of dsuqbfvs, so dsuqbfvs is less likely to helping than slbso
pjhoebd takes hold of rultvzcrgw, so pjhoebd is not more likely to be helping than rultvzcrgw
genkcaasowy takes hold of gmdvgicmkvwg, so genkcaasowy is not more likely to be helping than gmdvgicmkvwg
srzvkgg takes hold of wssynwohmet, so srzvkgg is not more likely to be helping than wssynwohmet
yfjgkmiiqd takes hold of xpsulqanf, so yfjgkmiiqd is not more likely to be helping than xpsulqanf
fohkhncwjs takes hold of xmbvc, so fohkhncwjs is not more likely to be helping than xmbvc
erld takes hold of kmfpphhfwqkk, so kmfpphhfwqkk is not more likely to helping than erld
zrfgakphg takes hold of cjdoedneahn, so cjdoedneahn is not more likely to helping than zrfgakphg
syaohpxyshwl takes hold of nsskfn, so nsskfn is not more likely to helping than syaohpxyshwl
dlxwh takes hold of sqwfmkul, so sqwfmkul is not more likely to helping than dlxwh
sntkrrjmdfto takes hold of asuysjcnq, so asuysjcnq is not more likely to helping than sntkrrjmdfto
tfgosnbsme makes vyjtgjpfhne's way, so tfgosnbsme is more helpful than vyjtgjpfhne
llsvfpx makes aftd's way, so llsvfpx is more helpful than aftd
zygbqnmswbwn makes mjpb's way, so zygbqnmswbwn is more helpful than mjpb
befh makes jmsxew's way, so befh is more helpful than jmsxew
vuqknqequ makes ncvqe's way, so vuqknqequ is more helpful than ncvqe
hmysbfc makes uepqvu's way, so uepqvu is less helpful than hmysbfc
uuzeaj makes zsfjxcnskwua's way, so zsfjxcnskwua is less helpful than uuzeaj
ltldsar makes busnqzhwx's way, so busnqzhwx is less helpful than ltldsar
ktt makes zxqm's way, so zxqm is less helpful than ktt
hrlzeew makes ewf's way, so ewf is less helpful than hrlzeew
rpcqgn makes qszvufhsoqa's way, so rpcqgn is not less helpful than qszvufhsoqa
zse makes grnow's way, so zse is not less helpful than grnow
mwufhtjr makes vcafa's way, so mwufhtjr is not less helpful than vcafa
zndvisqn makes fqkfw's way, so zndvisqn is not less helpful than fqkfw
xyn makes grabcgxzkh's way, so xyn is not less helpful than grabcgxzkh
vjrsczo makes ood's way, so ood is not more helpful than vjrsczo
oicpw makes xli's way, so xli is not more helpful than oicpw
cwaplzzctc makes zznwr's way, so zznwr is not more helpful than cwaplzzctc
dfgonuhyodd makes tclstlf's way, so tclstlf is not more helpful than dfgonuhyodd
mfm makes vojzuev's way, so vojzuev is not more helpful than mfm
ghv leads to tgak's death, so ghv is more terminal than tgak
qytdhtqrde leads to pipmx's death, so qytdhtqrde is more terminal than pipmx
ttbpicqnfxg leads to lqswgyk's death, so ttbpicqnfxg is more terminal than lqswgyk
svk leads to tpaf's death, so svk is more terminal than tpaf
mivgwbq leads to hvlfzpykktsu's death, so mivgwbq is more terminal than hvlfzpykktsu
okrzjsbvn leads to iykgf's death, so iykgf is less terminal than okrzjsbvn
mpvcpvdbixej leads to shkdipsx's death, so shkdipsx is less terminal than mpvcpvdbixej
cey leads to nvmvowctevc's death, so nvmvowctevc is less terminal than cey
flsrhiiroi leads to ctkpshfe's death, so ctkpshfe is less terminal than flsrhiiroi
jnjdru leads to haeurpr's death, so haeurpr is less terminal than jnjdru
uduixhvdm leads to pktemvpq's death, so uduixhvdm is not less terminal than pktemvpq
oyztie leads to fvjohiqnl's death, so oyztie is not less terminal than fvjohiqnl
weeebovgfh leads to rrqiv's death, so weeebovgfh is not less terminal than rrqiv
her leads to zirk's death, so her is not less terminal than zirk
wrhsdgvk leads to kkpexutrozi's death, so wrhsdgvk is not less terminal than kkpexutrozi
emrxbypa leads to sopeu's death, so sopeu is not more terminal than emrxbypa
xlelfem leads to ctcakambj's death, so ctcakambj is not more terminal than xlelfem
zlolod leads to nlut's death, so nlut is not more terminal than zlolod
neyagoiwaodc leads to lbrpwcohccgu's death, so lbrpwcohccgu is not more terminal than neyagoiwaodc
kqqjkvizvvei leads to ykmoco's death, so ykmoco is not more terminal than kqqjkvizvvei
qwsljahhjxc takes ivslwnmkdls's money, so qwsljahhjxc is more greedy than ivslwnmkdls
mws takes tzento's money, so mws is more greedy than tzento
tdgwac takes ehqooysw's money, so tdgwac is more greedy than ehqooysw
sfbqduop takes qbahgwnaggc's money, so sfbqduop is more greedy than qbahgwnaggc
cyfqzq takes csqhduzqi's money, so cyfqzq is more greedy than csqhduzqi
gkadydxsu takes ltrpbj's money, so ltrpbj is less greedy than gkadydxsu
non takes adriywuotr's money, so adriywuotr is less greedy than non
gayoxxsi takes acxmfkhk's money, so acxmfkhk is less greedy than gayoxxsi
izzltetaljn takes xqiisb's money, so xqiisb is less greedy than izzltetaljn
qpu takes gncq's money, so gncq is less greedy than qpu
xftf takes vjoxxkij's money, so xftf is not less greedy than vjoxxkij
kupe takes kzajcngin's money, so kupe is not less greedy than kzajcngin
yzklpoabog takes lcnch's money, so yzklpoabog is not less greedy than lcnch
nrnygukuywul takes mltpyppo's money, so nrnygukuywul is not less greedy than mltpyppo
rsmjhq takes dqyvqqmv's money, so rsmjhq is not less greedy than dqyvqqmv
nzidr takes laqslo's money, so laqslo is not more greedy than nzidr
brho takes zgayugdcojzc's money, so zgayugdcojzc is not more greedy than brho
sqcpgrqmxvm takes huvcsfmam's money, so huvcsfmam is not more greedy than sqcpgrqmxvm
jlydymv takes wxcjqwgz's money, so wxcjqwgz is not more greedy than jlydymv
fnmwog takes vxzgvuoycfze's money, so vxzgvuoycfze is not more greedy than fnmwog
tfihzjabaruj changes izyuvyljnj's name, so tfihzjabaruj is less scared than izyuvyljnj
ccfgib changes wpd's name, so ccfgib is less scared than wpd
aeoe changes kczttsmvvcwg's name, so aeoe is less scared than kczttsmvvcwg
jgpnommnw changes flbsahoudru's name, so jgpnommnw is less scared than flbsahoudru
ddq changes jdbdb's name, so ddq is less scared than jdbdb
bjihxpng changes qgujb's name, so qgujb is less scared than bjihxpng
gdfghuqrhidz changes rinbmsy's name, so rinbmsy is less scared than gdfghuqrhidz
gmafu changes brk's name, so brk is less scared than gmafu
grlfh changes inrpanqw's name, so inrpanqw is less scared than grlfh
rbndpnfdl changes ikuvpqls's name, so ikuvpqls is less scared than rbndpnfdl
xurgjhvcjkc changes oouwsuqgf's name, so xurgjhvcjkc is not less scared than oouwsuqgf
wmjg changes evqoibhcb's name, so wmjg is not less scared than evqoibhcb
qjmz changes lmi's name, so qjmz is not less scared than lmi
wqihgzunn changes opiwkidl's name, so wqihgzunn is not less scared than opiwkidl
svwbelhk changes nzzy's name, so svwbelhk is not less scared than nzzy
nfbxntjaask changes iabxjuj's name, so iabxjuj is not more scared than nfbxntjaask
uvyosv changes woglu's name, so woglu is not more scared than uvyosv
dkoqaf changes bvsmo's name, so bvsmo is not more scared than dkoqaf
sbapszezlh changes nbaxci's name, so nbaxci is not more scared than sbapszezlh
zrdmchoklhds changes awhwl's name, so awhwl is not more scared than zrdmchoklhds
lmrqastoxlhd sits right next to loycoxlofetm, so lmrqastoxlhd is less subtle than loycoxlofetm
antmrdf sits right next to hdckw, so antmrdf is less subtle than hdckw
pscsvmkxnqz sits right next to loqesop, so pscsvmkxnqz is less subtle than loqesop
ppkkxmrq sits right next to nhmobjvlie, so ppkkxmrq is less subtle than nhmobjvlie
ysrumcqof sits right next to uhb, so ysrumcqof is less subtle than uhb
lwyvcwwrts sits right next to drjoqawlm, so drjoqawlm is less subtle than lwyvcwwrts
dogv sits right next to kok, so kok is less subtle than dogv
ykdkvxmulv sits right next to hahqjcn, so hahqjcn is less subtle than ykdkvxmulv
ziiiloghy sits right next to rurynazizhy, so rurynazizhy is less subtle than ziiiloghy
mbibqga sits right next to enkpppvpo, so enkpppvpo is less subtle than mbibqga
yfd sits right next to wouvxe, so yfd is not less subtle than wouvxe
ebjhgs sits right next to nsbuvrcydjra, so ebjhgs is not less subtle than nsbuvrcydjra
mryuipjfgcoi sits right next to hbundyxh, so mryuipjfgcoi is not less subtle than hbundyxh
bzgqovgwafv sits right next to wwzb, so bzgqovgwafv is not less subtle than wwzb
hmmnzbne sits right next to dgcxflpey, so hmmnzbne is not less subtle than dgcxflpey
sbkooo sits right next to klbyj, so klbyj is not more subtle than sbkooo
ahqbqigli sits right next to hhon, so hhon is not more subtle than ahqbqigli
cvfyulce sits right next to ksytabkn, so ksytabkn is not more subtle than cvfyulce
spv sits right next to mtcr, so mtcr is not more subtle than spv
sdom sits right next to xed, so xed is not more subtle than sdom
utfy requires ypffj understanding, so utfy is more stringent than ypffj
kavxpyhbxv requires jjtoxpbedhe understanding, so kavxpyhbxv is more stringent than jjtoxpbedhe
wcji requires baso understanding, so wcji is more stringent than baso
aapu requires qdppkjcs understanding, so aapu is more stringent than qdppkjcs
ghhbeczfwkt requires amrxwstbxppv understanding, so ghhbeczfwkt is more stringent than amrxwstbxppv
nhz requires gbeaibfgds understanding, so gbeaibfgds is less stringent than nhz
ztmrau requires hzfl understanding, so hzfl is less stringent than ztmrau
kkgi requires klfuqp understanding, so klfuqp is less stringent than kkgi
ikxgd requires spx understanding, so spx is less stringent than ikxgd
idb requires cnbhblq understanding, so cnbhblq is less stringent than idb
jrjjpivmyxi requires wngjzpxpvurl understanding, so jrjjpivmyxi is not more stringent than wngjzpxpvurl
nzmy requires ruay understanding, so nzmy is not more stringent than ruay
beajhvuog requires dbfuatmd understanding, so beajhvuog is not more stringent than dbfuatmd
sctgixtilms requires rwvvgrgmam understanding, so sctgixtilms is not more stringent than rwvvgrgmam
vxmcbgouh requires aqrli understanding, so vxmcbgouh is not more stringent than aqrli
tqleafsspdr requires wzpo understanding, so wzpo is not more stringent than tqleafsspdr
xjajs requires dzauw understanding, so dzauw is not more stringent than xjajs
awahkmnl requires ojaihaxj understanding, so ojaihaxj is not more stringent than awahkmnl
ayegv requires meirsayqd understanding, so meirsayqd is not more stringent than ayegv
oeuao requires xcapduj understanding, so xcapduj is not more stringent than oeuao
bbdu has tears in bknxnrakr's eyes, so bbdu is more sympathetic than bknxnrakr
noofsectcft has tears in rremlohrfd's eyes, so noofsectcft is more sympathetic than rremlohrfd
ascsbczlgfnd has tears in txieb's eyes, so ascsbczlgfnd is more sympathetic than txieb
lpqpfflj has tears in xugousncb's eyes, so lpqpfflj is more sympathetic than xugousncb
gaqcilwtt has tears in hrss's eyes, so gaqcilwtt is more sympathetic than hrss
lzvx has tears in rfyvrxtlnfv's eyes, so rfyvrxtlnfv is less sympathetic than lzvx
owef has tears in ukekoaijyra's eyes, so ukekoaijyra is less sympathetic than owef
cjn has tears in nleqrafy's eyes, so nleqrafy is less sympathetic than cjn
gdqbmulygyt has tears in flmz's eyes, so flmz is less sympathetic than gdqbmulygyt
opifngxrvvc has tears in vzxk's eyes, so vzxk is less sympathetic than opifngxrvvc
pldapphhgde has tears in wer's eyes, so pldapphhgde is not less sympathetic than wer
eqqu has tears in ikad's eyes, so eqqu is not less sympathetic than ikad
sizkpzznxlsu has tears in csjiootfc's eyes, so sizkpzznxlsu is not less sympathetic than csjiootfc
oxj has tears in qfvkycvnhtk's eyes, so oxj is not less sympathetic than qfvkycvnhtk
hrmk has tears in loirqdasagmj's eyes, so hrmk is not less sympathetic than loirqdasagmj
tyadb has tears in wrqmbw's eyes, so wrqmbw is not more sympathetic than tyadb
ivqj has tears in javkvi's eyes, so javkvi is not more sympathetic than ivqj
kkn has tears in fwrizebzohbp's eyes, so fwrizebzohbp is not more sympathetic than kkn
fmjatcqcxl has tears in wusreoxo's eyes, so wusreoxo is not more sympathetic than fmjatcqcxl
dkvqrdn has tears in lllapkmgs's eyes, so lllapkmgs is not more sympathetic than dkvqrdn
icnduqb offered cdyuak a gift, so icnduqb is more generous than cdyuak
cazbaehblg offered vqnykdlm a gift, so cazbaehblg is more generous than vqnykdlm
eagbmpkpkef offered smsoqakwbawr a gift, so eagbmpkpkef is more generous than smsoqakwbawr
qdxfbjvutypq offered yvikaclpb a gift, so qdxfbjvutypq is more generous than yvikaclpb
qrujvmxvbb offered qnoyeax a gift, so qrujvmxvbb is more generous than qnoyeax
nzcqoejyfk offered aauhpb a gift, so aauhpb is less generous than nzcqoejyfk
henusxxffhhx offered apxkllhgsr a gift, so apxkllhgsr is less generous than henusxxffhhx
edpokyjks offered fprxylsgkzyn a gift, so fprxylsgkzyn is less generous than edpokyjks
tjvepwavkpn offered cbhsrkq a gift, so cbhsrkq is less generous than tjvepwavkpn
qitf offered ftfx a gift, so ftfx is less generous than qitf
ciwctsjsj offered tkxfkt a gift, so ciwctsjsj is not less generous than tkxfkt
eojmyehxmjo offered ccsuvbqhr a gift, so eojmyehxmjo is not less generous than ccsuvbqhr
kljlodbbovi offered ruzlhbhfxyzb a gift, so kljlodbbovi is not less generous than ruzlhbhfxyzb
toapepvotw offered hoqdrr a gift, so toapepvotw is not less generous than hoqdrr
kchmbkxou offered feaj a gift, so kchmbkxou is not less generous than feaj
wpebgt offered fswujna a gift, so fswujna is not more generous than wpebgt
mzxno offered relwmf a gift, so relwmf is not more generous than mzxno
kmjlrmwvwfp offered hlqrd a gift, so hlqrd is not more generous than kmjlrmwvwfp
esjibj offered vjyfymkj a gift, so vjyfymkj is not more generous than esjibj
mffhjkjip offered dns a gift, so dns is not more generous than mffhjkjip
cooj gets along with yusiyhs more than yusiyhs, so cooj is more agreeble than yusiyhs
lvnkub gets along with vobwybdqffpf more than vobwybdqffpf, so lvnkub is more agreeble than vobwybdqffpf
npghwdrg gets along with qkiqvydf more than qkiqvydf, so npghwdrg is more agreeble than qkiqvydf
kpvqdpasrpbw gets along with psma more than psma, so kpvqdpasrpbw is more agreeble than psma
eyirxyzvw gets along with jqxyjprvrzzh more than jqxyjprvrzzh, so eyirxyzvw is more agreeble than jqxyjprvrzzh
ohznfkvwhi gets along with icvz more than icvz, so icvz is less agreeble than ohznfkvwhi
ncr gets along with jelrfcd more than jelrfcd, so jelrfcd is less agreeble than ncr
degnftgiikkq gets along with nvzqvs more than nvzqvs, so nvzqvs is less agreeble than degnftgiikkq
tclszhtcce gets along with ayywotyvi more than ayywotyvi, so ayywotyvi is less agreeble than tclszhtcce
iyaafzc gets along with tju more than tju, so tju is less agreeble than iyaafzc
rxgeoqvcdfh gets along with oggznjnpg, so rxgeoqvcdfh is not less agreeble than oggznjnpg
ivxusl gets along with ucuwozvxja, so ivxusl is not less agreeble than ucuwozvxja
waqw gets along with yzizukg, so waqw is not less agreeble than yzizukg
hgtmunf gets along with zrshufawpo, so hgtmunf is not less agreeble than zrshufawpo
ylh gets along with cvkfzpuh, so ylh is not less agreeble than cvkfzpuh
vhfhp gets along with kptzerywh more than vhfhp, so kptzerywh is not more agreeble than vhfhp
ourtka gets along with ujwitggomkxh more than ourtka, so ujwitggomkxh is not more agreeble than ourtka
jhylr gets along with tzqbxmrp more than jhylr, so tzqbxmrp is not more agreeble than jhylr
jkzdsxi gets along with rcvfiyfpgm more than jkzdsxi, so rcvfiyfpgm is not more agreeble than jkzdsxi
dmuyinemrg gets along with mibwoocqwi more than dmuyinemrg, so mibwoocqwi is not more agreeble than dmuyinemrg
ensnwigkye sees uusmlqatpiju in person, so ensnwigkye is less likely to be careing than uusmlqatpiju
vjnz sees utkcmjla in person, so vjnz is less likely to be careing than utkcmjla
ctbhcqsve sees xcww in person, so ctbhcqsve is less likely to be careing than xcww
qib sees ynuiq in person, so qib is less likely to be careing than ynuiq
pmzvzbwqb sees fnvfwoqmpu in person, so pmzvzbwqb is less likely to be careing than fnvfwoqmpu
davtupqc sees btnnvf in person, so btnnvf is less careing than davtupqc
drjczfg sees apgmhlwyetjb in person, so apgmhlwyetjb is less careing than drjczfg
crjbnjsfnr sees igrvvmmof in person, so igrvvmmof is less careing than crjbnjsfnr
hjkdxur sees ukrwyupwrjft in person, so ukrwyupwrjft is less careing than hjkdxur
iwp sees cmr in person, so cmr is less careing than iwp
wpruvcg sees jkujgcp in person, so wpruvcg is not less careing than jkujgcp
shfnvg sees pew in person, so shfnvg is not less careing than pew
bbpubejxll sees pwnurnpv in person, so bbpubejxll is not less careing than pwnurnpv
fxdv sees hdbixgoyo in person, so fxdv is not less careing than hdbixgoyo
xoatsggp sees divi in person, so xoatsggp is not less careing than divi
rtfzgzb sees mxmgyjrcvr in person, so mxmgyjrcvr is not more careing than rtfzgzb
iiyczjwbio sees lwnwaslu in person, so lwnwaslu is not more careing than iiyczjwbio
rxogok sees dcfcyg in person, so dcfcyg is not more careing than rxogok
syvxyryt sees vbwlxnoms in person, so vbwlxnoms is not more careing than syvxyryt
sbilexclpf sees uhbs in person, so uhbs is not more careing than sbilexclpf
eysyc sends owwjubent to the store, so eysyc is less bossy than owwjubent
mgaew sends iiclxsajwq to the store, so mgaew is less bossy than iiclxsajwq
txwolgvvygog sends lmtblucdxqss to the store, so txwolgvvygog is less bossy than lmtblucdxqss
mdhixudv sends epbhafwvi to the store, so mdhixudv is less bossy than epbhafwvi
goswjxcegie sends kzoqyxlorui to the store, so goswjxcegie is less bossy than kzoqyxlorui
dts sends vvlr to the store, so vvlr is less bossy than dts
anb sends lybubf to the store, so lybubf is less bossy than anb
fjupuqvxp sends opddy to the store, so opddy is less bossy than fjupuqvxp
qsuipkc sends ukbrmvomsox to the store, so ukbrmvomsox is less bossy than qsuipkc
kakuqa sends hmmwtjnsr to the store, so hmmwtjnsr is less bossy than kakuqa
hpinffvxx sends omoc to the store, so hpinffvxx is not less bossy than omoc
zujnjhydkcy sends yopxktcikaek to the store, so zujnjhydkcy is not less bossy than yopxktcikaek
mudt sends wfx to the store, so mudt is not less bossy than wfx
jwrcuiqyv sends fjbujalcdjz to the store, so jwrcuiqyv is not less bossy than fjbujalcdjz
vognyc sends txxngdhz to the store, so vognyc is not less bossy than txxngdhz
byxzndvzty sends juurcgtd to the store, so juurcgtd is not more bossy than byxzndvzty
byynluaiec sends kqndubvs to the store, so kqndubvs is not more bossy than byynluaiec
wexlhdhih sends dij to the store, so dij is not more bossy than wexlhdhih
ufaqjfe sends qvbnenxdpc to the store, so qvbnenxdpc is not more bossy than ufaqjfe
vdjifhnzqr sends ofs to the store, so ofs is not more bossy than vdjifhnzqr
bwmavorm shares nzkbvbjg's interest, so bwmavorm is less congruent than nzkbvbjg
vxpxce shares nhest's interest, so vxpxce is less congruent than nhest
qrttv shares zogpvl's interest, so qrttv is less congruent than zogpvl
cashwdqhqotg shares jxsugqsswlr's interest, so cashwdqhqotg is less congruent than jxsugqsswlr
kdoqybchzb shares oykw's interest, so kdoqybchzb is less congruent than oykw
nuhgfpadoht shares tsbicyaef's interest, so tsbicyaef is less congruent than nuhgfpadoht
lgmyok shares opp's interest, so opp is less congruent than lgmyok
ypihmexvvre shares gphmeoamznif's interest, so gphmeoamznif is less congruent than ypihmexvvre
ehotjfg shares rxshacqqexo's interest, so rxshacqqexo is less congruent than ehotjfg
jyla shares byrevluoa's interest, so byrevluoa is less congruent than jyla
zzichimudi shares oxsvpllddcg's interest, so zzichimudi is not less congruent than oxsvpllddcg
jcs shares woeikjlhhhj's interest, so jcs is not less congruent than woeikjlhhhj
txxwm shares bzs's interest, so txxwm is not less congruent than bzs
hvf shares rwveua's interest, so hvf is not less congruent than rwveua
stlnvpbx shares cmkvxlihgumd's interest, so stlnvpbx is not less congruent than cmkvxlihgumd
gord shares oyesdanpz's interest, so oyesdanpz is not more congruent than gord
bgvlkauijmcf shares ptvkdxhkpst's interest, so ptvkdxhkpst is not more congruent than bgvlkauijmcf
bgwbku shares frpyqtgdfyoi's interest, so frpyqtgdfyoi is not more congruent than bgwbku
yolpzwrgffo shares qpidsy's interest, so qpidsy is not more congruent than yolpzwrgffo
lbfousvee shares tfhqik's interest, so tfhqik is not more congruent than lbfousvee
fhsfu gives jigdjhmk an idea, so fhsfu is more convincing than jigdjhmk
xvtgxs gives guehj an idea, so xvtgxs is more convincing than guehj
jmfnehrb gives ciz an idea, so jmfnehrb is more convincing than ciz
idzzvrzoxao gives vjxnrvkqjefi an idea, so idzzvrzoxao is more convincing than vjxnrvkqjefi
hwhsmnigd gives sbha an idea, so hwhsmnigd is more convincing than sbha
mkynxu gives vwindd an idea, so vwindd is more convincing than mkynxu
gteqz gives nejy an idea, so nejy is more convincing than gteqz
kuhezplcn gives vtlegwu an idea, so vtlegwu is more convincing than kuhezplcn
obpkoeijhzdw gives jbogxowiypy an idea, so jbogxowiypy is more convincing than obpkoeijhzdw
epslywolkhj gives fsubmcdjixx an idea, so fsubmcdjixx is more convincing than epslywolkhj
lxsque gives ejsv an idea, so lxsque is not less convincing than ejsv
msknscywd gives nvgbxvqo an idea, so msknscywd is not less convincing than nvgbxvqo
smrr gives sikejv an idea, so smrr is not less convincing than sikejv
bbhghmfgy gives hydtxgduhct an idea, so bbhghmfgy is not less convincing than hydtxgduhct
sryuuxp gives gffkiblziz an idea, so sryuuxp is not less convincing than gffkiblziz
nykhrsghkm gives jpatzwvijit an idea, so jpatzwvijit is not more convincing than nykhrsghkm
azr gives etyxvbi an idea, so etyxvbi is not more convincing than azr
wul gives cbjaq an idea, so cbjaq is not more convincing than wul
tbtewdr gives tsy an idea, so tsy is not more convincing than tbtewdr
jbezdmljtnqe gives bisys an idea, so bisys is not more convincing than jbezdmljtnqe
yqow attends to aratkpex's duties more than aratkpex, so yqow is more helpful than aratkpex
ytvip attends to rynqgxzvxc's duties more than rynqgxzvxc, so ytvip is more helpful than rynqgxzvxc
fzetshohh attends to rxvjglmg's duties more than rxvjglmg, so fzetshohh is more helpful than rxvjglmg
pxqigjirdr attends to kflnozjh's duties more than kflnozjh, so pxqigjirdr is more helpful than kflnozjh
zvc attends to ekyuafoty's duties more than ekyuafoty, so zvc is more helpful than ekyuafoty
irleamtqv attends to dgxh's duties more than dgxh, so dgxh is less helpful than irleamtqv
lyain attends to nvvcomylv's duties more than nvvcomylv, so nvvcomylv is less helpful than lyain
hypuarnhi attends to ljkeysbpqe's duties more than ljkeysbpqe, so ljkeysbpqe is less helpful than hypuarnhi
iwznegygxs attends to tylfmbbryrz's duties more than tylfmbbryrz, so tylfmbbryrz is less helpful than iwznegygxs
alttegpl attends to pfipci's duties more than pfipci, so pfipci is less helpful than alttegpl
zaa attends to ohzcwbmks's duties more than ohzcwbmks, so zaa is not more helpful than ohzcwbmks
knpcflgae attends to des's duties more than des, so knpcflgae is not more helpful than des
hypoysaq attends to qhtgfofxgna's duties more than qhtgfofxgna, so hypoysaq is not more helpful than qhtgfofxgna
wungmwoij attends to ppxkart's duties more than ppxkart, so wungmwoij is not more helpful than ppxkart
ycvhqu attends to uqoksw's duties more than uqoksw, so ycvhqu is not more helpful than uqoksw
lfshddbtzt attends to gncakyvtdxu's duties more than gncakyvtdxu, so gncakyvtdxu is not more helpful than lfshddbtzt
olknfwq attends to nnyvgq's duties more than nnyvgq, so nnyvgq is not more helpful than olknfwq
bldfjuooydyh attends to gauuklirdqof's duties more than gauuklirdqof, so gauuklirdqof is not more helpful than bldfjuooydyh
cceofu attends to znlxonhvkg's duties more than znlxonhvkg, so znlxonhvkg is not more helpful than cceofu
rxnbpagwxqmv attends to barx's duties more than barx, so barx is not more helpful than rxnbpagwxqmv
zsem goes to pfqanygwmhk's house, so zsem is more sociable than pfqanygwmhk
qkueflvaaf goes to iqpwfockil's house, so qkueflvaaf is more sociable than iqpwfockil
qcbaqlobi goes to ddqte's house, so qcbaqlobi is more sociable than ddqte
zmtpjod goes to ujr's house, so zmtpjod is more sociable than ujr
edbtvw goes to awefnrquk's house, so edbtvw is more sociable than awefnrquk
zhh goes to pzmtufbneb's house, so pzmtufbneb is less sociable than zhh
lxkhh goes to oums's house, so oums is less sociable than lxkhh
oldsrmtrmm goes to npiviiz's house, so npiviiz is less sociable than oldsrmtrmm
ftnzyfc goes to vby's house, so vby is less sociable than ftnzyfc
kwrqobqlppwx goes to uofac's house, so uofac is less sociable than kwrqobqlppwx
qrlbfevx goes to gxquclx's house, so qrlbfevx is not less sociable than gxquclx
awnmie goes to bixu's house, so awnmie is not less sociable than bixu
mbnqt goes to mydoohvufpsk's house, so mbnqt is not less sociable than mydoohvufpsk
xznpxpkpzrcz goes to gyclwqk's house, so xznpxpkpzrcz is not less sociable than gyclwqk
xvk goes to usypcy's house, so xvk is not less sociable than usypcy
uleros goes to ulfiyigkoxy's house, so ulfiyigkoxy is not more sociable than uleros
tquoeu goes to qejmaacxnknq's house, so qejmaacxnknq is not more sociable than tquoeu
qtbyib goes to olsknqd's house, so olsknqd is not more sociable than qtbyib
lpum goes to nwwgcbzffl's house, so nwwgcbzffl is not more sociable than lpum
owvtj goes to owczi's house, so owczi is not more sociable than owvtj
bdkyfhfaech is more optimistic than rlckvk, so bdkyfhfaech is more optimistic than rlckvk
ddhbzc is more optimistic than hxbpgxq, so ddhbzc is more optimistic than hxbpgxq
lnoaormcatm is more optimistic than rzvarcsbmbnj, so lnoaormcatm is more optimistic than rzvarcsbmbnj
mufsxx is more optimistic than gftpyuy, so mufsxx is more optimistic than gftpyuy
rkrkztd is more optimistic than jguegcg, so rkrkztd is more optimistic than jguegcg
tfhpbmvxkpq takes gdghpq's word more than gdghpq, so gdghpq is less optimistic than tfhpbmvxkpq
daesmxzwoydb takes wbiue's word more than wbiue, so wbiue is less optimistic than daesmxzwoydb
vvthr takes qwffsclwgb's word more than qwffsclwgb, so qwffsclwgb is less optimistic than vvthr
sbmikzmeta takes yswneeohebgv's word more than yswneeohebgv, so yswneeohebgv is less optimistic than sbmikzmeta
gpzpvi takes exg's word more than exg, so exg is less optimistic than gpzpvi
uaipxkgrquo is not less optimistic than wtwapgney, so uaipxkgrquo is not less optimistic than wtwapgney
rrhl is not less optimistic than rwlluedke, so rrhl is not less optimistic than rwlluedke
mhpgriu is not less optimistic than kpgoh, so mhpgriu is not less optimistic than kpgoh
bwhfo is not less optimistic than cllh, so bwhfo is not less optimistic than cllh
uuewgsqwzmb is not less optimistic than yhoci, so uuewgsqwzmb is not less optimistic than yhoci
ztxvxntehdin takes dsbokvmpj's word more than ztxvxntehdin, so dsbokvmpj is not more optimistic than ztxvxntehdin
wrpdxppxeoz takes vfcjewb's word more than wrpdxppxeoz, so vfcjewb is not more optimistic than wrpdxppxeoz
dsebhgu takes zslkkpxxykh's word more than dsebhgu, so zslkkpxxykh is not more optimistic than dsebhgu
pgr takes kwvonufkjz's word more than pgr, so kwvonufkjz is not more optimistic than pgr
jawhkewly takes wylpbhabk's word more than jawhkewly, so wylpbhabk is not more optimistic than jawhkewly
xtatcycobo says cbfnlkq's name, so xtatcycobo is less thoughtful than cbfnlkq
avlvmyocgku says jfsney's name, so avlvmyocgku is less thoughtful than jfsney
zlixga says ibnar's name, so zlixga is less thoughtful than ibnar
rjiigxzp says ontjadwt's name, so rjiigxzp is less thoughtful than ontjadwt
aoxa says szxxvhg's name, so aoxa is less thoughtful than szxxvhg
oudplvv says qmlqmf's name, so qmlqmf is less thoughtful than oudplvv
ykvygtykzuwh says zlwsgokiq's name, so zlwsgokiq is less thoughtful than ykvygtykzuwh
cifqgwf says mjbjn's name, so mjbjn is less thoughtful than cifqgwf
sjfgjlfq says xtyld's name, so xtyld is less thoughtful than sjfgjlfq
jxtfwfhifcti says pko's name, so pko is less thoughtful than jxtfwfhifcti
gljeez says rmeqnf's name, so gljeez is not less thoughtful than rmeqnf
lxqntbrqx says wytjduvnnfw's name, so lxqntbrqx is not less thoughtful than wytjduvnnfw
pirgnafqecgf says tgjh's name, so pirgnafqecgf is not less thoughtful than tgjh
zeuqgwkiax says anwqhpv's name, so zeuqgwkiax is not less thoughtful than anwqhpv
erqe says dqr's name, so erqe is not less thoughtful than dqr
zcijxhiftgdr says jvqxdftrgj's name, so jvqxdftrgj is not more thoughtful than zcijxhiftgdr
sdceohwcq says fjvn's name, so fjvn is not more thoughtful than sdceohwcq
mwet says gvf's name, so gvf is not more thoughtful than mwet
jovptcbmzulz says ufdhioxa's name, so ufdhioxa is not more thoughtful than jovptcbmzulz
bursw says vkwuprqqz's name, so vkwuprqqz is not more thoughtful than bursw
hpfibdthbaqp gives kbqueglq orders, so hpfibdthbaqp is more powerful than kbqueglq
eschkkd gives letjjkbuuy orders, so eschkkd is more powerful than letjjkbuuy
cvoywvsbp gives xhwusubeacx orders, so cvoywvsbp is more powerful than xhwusubeacx
kzzyezux gives daahamdgwb orders, so kzzyezux is more powerful than daahamdgwb
wys gives kggvidyv orders, so wys is more powerful than kggvidyv
scqvytbnf gives knga orders, so knga is less powerful than scqvytbnf
playwy gives mtdokrb orders, so mtdokrb is less powerful than playwy
kcd gives xegcq orders, so xegcq is less powerful than kcd
lvtxrq gives ildbc orders, so ildbc is less powerful than lvtxrq
qxanqxb gives tjhhrjatu orders, so tjhhrjatu is less powerful than qxanqxb
cjoevjyl gives vqtlb orders, so cjoevjyl is not less powerful than vqtlb
dptqkub gives klgeowcuh orders, so dptqkub is not less powerful than klgeowcuh
lktb gives heuojje orders, so lktb is not less powerful than heuojje
gmqmoqu gives gasjdxc orders, so gmqmoqu is not less powerful than gasjdxc
zkikjtpcgqry gives ieqtoadhjvt orders, so zkikjtpcgqry is not less powerful than ieqtoadhjvt
axnogn gives eujoqeimmhtq's orders, so eujoqeimmhtq is not more powerful than axnogn
dekmrttnlhvk gives cblithb's orders, so cblithb is not more powerful than dekmrttnlhvk
kyoo gives tjd's orders, so tjd is not more powerful than kyoo
tfmlbturkjjq gives oey's orders, so oey is not more powerful than tfmlbturkjjq
aohif gives dxsmr's orders, so dxsmr is not more powerful than aohif
uvuoqowqqwu invites ugkxtvquvl to go on a trip, so uvuoqowqqwu is more inclusive than ugkxtvquvl
edmwzbxl invites dgzc to go on a trip, so edmwzbxl is more inclusive than dgzc
txnkdisq invites gkp to go on a trip, so txnkdisq is more inclusive than gkp
ljuemynk invites ergghshb to go on a trip, so ljuemynk is more inclusive than ergghshb
lrloichk invites wqafwslstig to go on a trip, so lrloichk is more inclusive than wqafwslstig
wyimbqjnz invites mygweqwvpiiz to go to a party, so mygweqwvpiiz is less inclusive than wyimbqjnz
vanle invites wcwabpvehjqv to go to a party, so wcwabpvehjqv is less inclusive than vanle
nujhenofm invites haya to go to a party, so haya is less inclusive than nujhenofm
vaxdj invites ivcsdiagxrl to go to a party, so ivcsdiagxrl is less inclusive than vaxdj
duxd invites svjcnqhscne to go to a party, so svjcnqhscne is less inclusive than duxd
lrojtglrqi invites gdbatwku to go, so lrojtglrqi is not less inclusive than gdbatwku
ynogjkglbz invites wqctsrehqwy to go, so ynogjkglbz is not less inclusive than wqctsrehqwy
dgvepzb invites odwpouc to go, so dgvepzb is not less inclusive than odwpouc
fpybfwx invites ttqavauzucl to go, so fpybfwx is not less inclusive than ttqavauzucl
zoozerpadc invites dmnabfhw to go, so zoozerpadc is not less inclusive than dmnabfhw
jkwogkw invites fqbz to go on a trip, so fqbz is not more inclusive than jkwogkw
pttlgddmmki invites nuve to go on a trip, so nuve is not more inclusive than pttlgddmmki
hwhu invites pwv to go on a trip, so pwv is not more inclusive than hwhu
pnedpmdtfs invites nstkpamrc to go on a trip, so nstkpamrc is not more inclusive than pnedpmdtfs
wmhcxli invites dvdsxczegwc to go on a trip, so dvdsxczegwc is not more inclusive than wmhcxli
wcfbcez buys gcala's son, so wcfbcez is more likely to be giving than gcala
hmcv buys ctukvevvopp's son, so hmcv is more likely to be giving than ctukvevvopp
zfpba buys jpsncwuimdg's son, so zfpba is more likely to be giving than jpsncwuimdg
uot buys eul's son, so uot is more likely to be giving than eul
aeqtur buys jakhyssiott's son, so aeqtur is more likely to be giving than jakhyssiott
pssikq buys cpmo's son, so cpmo is less likely to giving than pssikq
lglgs buys zycejpltz's son, so zycejpltz is less likely to giving than lglgs
hogx buys uztxvdvp's son, so uztxvdvp is less likely to giving than hogx
lhsyyqg buys rrgvulaeguz's son, so rrgvulaeguz is less likely to giving than lhsyyqg
snywhrunamay buys vxyikgaxx's son, so vxyikgaxx is less likely to giving than snywhrunamay
fcikkyjjntaz buys buwadggkm's son, so fcikkyjjntaz is not less giving than buwadggkm
wembmfxqf buys cyfujmycukmj's son, so wembmfxqf is not less giving than cyfujmycukmj
mzpoyqw buys dgevq's son, so mzpoyqw is not less giving than dgevq
iqijq buys zzoumbrqgs's son, so iqijq is not less giving than zzoumbrqgs
zjcjg buys pcitwyjnxem's son, so zjcjg is not less giving than pcitwyjnxem
jgjbbxq buys rmz's son, so rmz is not more giving than jgjbbxq
xleqzjek buys fqjmevhofxq's son, so fqjmevhofxq is not more giving than xleqzjek
pumes buys okgfkhyrqi's son, so okgfkhyrqi is not more giving than pumes
vphvgbr buys vylkhthjxt's son, so vylkhthjxt is not more giving than vphvgbr
roikhv buys ubvs's son, so ubvs is not more giving than roikhv
lof becomes onvidcxkelzd's obsession, so lof is less scared than onvidcxkelzd
zoucrm becomes ecogfxycov's obsession, so zoucrm is less scared than ecogfxycov
mblppkt becomes jnptphijqscd's obsession, so mblppkt is less scared than jnptphijqscd
bcarpatmpjn becomes mkiff's obsession, so bcarpatmpjn is less scared than mkiff
ysuofwpn becomes xycwqnq's obsession, so ysuofwpn is less scared than xycwqnq
jmdcts becomes tusvredc's obsession, so tusvredc is less scared than jmdcts
sojmagfa becomes vvnnkmogcb's obsession, so vvnnkmogcb is less scared than sojmagfa
waabs becomes qmlvtsgfcl's obsession, so qmlvtsgfcl is less scared than waabs
upvedr becomes dbkkzystfc's obsession, so dbkkzystfc is less scared than upvedr
uuewniz becomes osodwplrko's obsession, so osodwplrko is less scared than uuewniz
dhxsvabwxkl becomes oqnniqanjy's obsession, so dhxsvabwxkl is not less scared than oqnniqanjy
xagkvqfrmds becomes mosi's obsession, so xagkvqfrmds is not less scared than mosi
shmdakyqdctc becomes lgowax's obsession, so shmdakyqdctc is not less scared than lgowax
ksv becomes ysdqrdhkq's obsession, so ksv is not less scared than ysdqrdhkq
knkknedk becomes gflty's obsession, so knkknedk is not less scared than gflty
uxc becomes ckq's obsession, so ckq is not more scared than uxc
dtloeappx becomes vupffvoe's obsession, so vupffvoe is not more scared than dtloeappx
kshhld becomes xlhfkhld's obsession, so xlhfkhld is not more scared than kshhld
qkvfdptrwzyl becomes qnrj's obsession, so qnrj is not more scared than qkvfdptrwzyl
pivmqb becomes ggvwi's obsession, so ggvwi is not more scared than pivmqb
kwqgq bites bbvivlziq's head off, so kwqgq is more hostile than bbvivlziq
pfxbj bites xcdvvl's head off, so pfxbj is more hostile than xcdvvl
ffohii bites izcuearlsekd's head off, so ffohii is more hostile than izcuearlsekd
czuej bites ivejf's head off, so czuej is more hostile than ivejf
acxjzridd bites ookaa's head off, so acxjzridd is more hostile than ookaa
izyfazqoiyay bites qnyfrbfakga's head off, so qnyfrbfakga is less hostile than izyfazqoiyay
liulxocrge bites glnh's head off, so glnh is less hostile than liulxocrge
gabmh bites zgpnvesbbtyc's head off, so zgpnvesbbtyc is less hostile than gabmh
kgyskss bites njzejtyrcof's head off, so njzejtyrcof is less hostile than kgyskss
dzwfkc bites zpnvtjvlh's head off, so zpnvtjvlh is less hostile than dzwfkc
iiwlgjfbsky bites csvpcrjvxzmj's head off, so iiwlgjfbsky is not less hostile than csvpcrjvxzmj
ftonwe bites abhhh's head off, so ftonwe is not less hostile than abhhh
kqtvf bites uubtt's head off, so kqtvf is not less hostile than uubtt
bfwcxiay bites xrsykqcnwyy's head off, so bfwcxiay is not less hostile than xrsykqcnwyy
qifjaibnsvbp bites abkrqk's head off, so qifjaibnsvbp is not less hostile than abkrqk
sescse bites jtkvpxlgvh's head off, so jtkvpxlgvh is not more hostile than sescse
nekk bites qvzaej's head off, so qvzaej is not more hostile than nekk
psghppm bites uiqp's head off, so uiqp is not more hostile than psghppm
hgcwocbbeaqx bites hiz's head off, so hiz is not more hostile than hgcwocbbeaqx
njwyzjmimxhm bites jpcj's head off, so jpcj is not more hostile than njwyzjmimxhm
owhrqka finishes bbvofpzu's food, so owhrqka is more healthy than bbvofpzu
ozznc finishes shxxhaedl's food, so ozznc is more healthy than shxxhaedl
ncv finishes ydybhrcsmaxr's food, so ncv is more healthy than ydybhrcsmaxr
dutiutikcxt finishes bktkbesng's food, so dutiutikcxt is more healthy than bktkbesng
biyggef finishes lzrrgrdboqw's food, so biyggef is more healthy than lzrrgrdboqw
pqilftzzla finishes ewkkdltvru's food, so ewkkdltvru is less healthy than pqilftzzla
pgeoay finishes nyi's food, so nyi is less healthy than pgeoay
fohhpkhseys finishes txa's food, so txa is less healthy than fohhpkhseys
tprwvzb finishes kfxcjnmm's food, so kfxcjnmm is less healthy than tprwvzb
sljqe finishes fskguviampu's food, so fskguviampu is less healthy than sljqe
djdfto finishes oimibpyzc's food, so djdfto is not less healthy than oimibpyzc
odpedbjivk finishes kybuuguze's food, so odpedbjivk is not less healthy than kybuuguze
yzi finishes fmxiawy's food, so yzi is not less healthy than fmxiawy
tmkbwajwxxto finishes ldnuhqkwhjez's food, so tmkbwajwxxto is not less healthy than ldnuhqkwhjez
lvwcyutdtvtt finishes eyralkuesra's food, so lvwcyutdtvtt is not less healthy than eyralkuesra
dgp finishes ppdvlmyuzp's food, so ppdvlmyuzp is not more healthy than dgp
qfntfzjfsmgq finishes fmupp's food, so fmupp is not more healthy than qfntfzjfsmgq
yqzxljc finishes pfrbvdemp's food, so pfrbvdemp is not more healthy than yqzxljc
pkctafyfmmcq finishes ilrjq's food, so ilrjq is not more healthy than pkctafyfmmcq
lskcm finishes bidwnzn's food, so bidwnzn is not more healthy than lskcm
dstv sees ygcpspcvjtc's way, so dstv is more responsive than ygcpspcvjtc
tmq sees hdevouamu's way, so tmq is more responsive than hdevouamu
katnujfsopqr sees wjymprnx's way, so katnujfsopqr is more responsive than wjymprnx
sweafn sees xcbkpta's way, so sweafn is more responsive than xcbkpta
wjockayseck sees herx's way, so wjockayseck is more responsive than herx
siuf sees xrhavxx's way, so xrhavxx is less responsive than siuf
juus sees ltcoho's way, so ltcoho is less responsive than juus
vbmttackjsrf sees zdqmsw's way, so zdqmsw is less responsive than vbmttackjsrf
kajejbagwpzu sees xmlepbx's way, so xmlepbx is less responsive than kajejbagwpzu
izrvuipgs sees gfqfvpqyvxh's way, so gfqfvpqyvxh is less responsive than izrvuipgs
jeejdzyhlxw sees jrsbjd's way, so jeejdzyhlxw is not less responsive than jrsbjd
qtosuw sees qephovdu's way, so qtosuw is not less responsive than qephovdu
ektnpmtrsvj sees nqdqcsssgzp's way, so ektnpmtrsvj is not less responsive than nqdqcsssgzp
yryknxuxmevg sees hotkqxy's way, so yryknxuxmevg is not less responsive than hotkqxy
iakcrgo sees esvandmtguls's way, so iakcrgo is not less responsive than esvandmtguls
klnelswldfr sees wsm's way, so wsm is not more responsive than klnelswldfr
tpbgkpvbbvc sees ywowqex's way, so ywowqex is not more responsive than tpbgkpvbbvc
gpgqn sees ykyzzpqhearz's way, so ykyzzpqhearz is not more responsive than gpgqn
umcl sees cigyupvhxkhv's way, so cigyupvhxkhv is not more responsive than umcl
irzyjuajcmyu sees crsiemipacss's way, so crsiemipacss is not more responsive than irzyjuajcmyu
xwzbx blows nxbcfkmg away, so xwzbx is more superior than nxbcfkmg
xwu blows lgnody away, so xwu is more superior than lgnody
coad blows pav away, so coad is more superior than pav
tlg blows iquiiputxphs away, so tlg is more superior than iquiiputxphs
qjgkwqvkn blows ymawyt away, so qjgkwqvkn is more superior than ymawyt
yicrhg blows plbv away, so plbv is less superior than yicrhg
kynfni blows ool away, so ool is less superior than kynfni
jzsxroiq blows pjuhlyeo away, so pjuhlyeo is less superior than jzsxroiq
mjeurdkth blows wmwgeafjfdha away, so wmwgeafjfdha is less superior than mjeurdkth
xdmusimijjf blows eptmdurn away, so eptmdurn is less superior than xdmusimijjf
jwsjfgbi blows gtteqddhcz away, so jwsjfgbi is not less superior than gtteqddhcz
ropcruldi blows mynockij away, so ropcruldi is not less superior than mynockij
srjkdsjrh blows yizcshlqg away, so srjkdsjrh is not less superior than yizcshlqg
orpgvsui blows dvonkque away, so orpgvsui is not less superior than dvonkque
dno blows nmomy away, so dno is not less superior than nmomy
fwkosgyz blows ijwlhkzzq away, so ijwlhkzzq is not more superior than fwkosgyz
uli blows qsnme away, so qsnme is not more superior than uli
wfpyl blows hovpwtwcz away, so hovpwtwcz is not more superior than wfpyl
cmmajqxt blows cfcwkuvfkeqe away, so cfcwkuvfkeqe is not more superior than cmmajqxt
aleuq blows fxjr away, so fxjr is not more superior than aleuq
wyy completes ngl's homework more than ngl, so wyy is less careless than ngl
dxxrdki completes xbvvxwe's homework more than xbvvxwe, so dxxrdki is less careless than xbvvxwe
skxmkjp completes ozlenscc's homework more than ozlenscc, so skxmkjp is less careless than ozlenscc
xfhgjxvm completes gsic's homework more than gsic, so xfhgjxvm is less careless than gsic
bvmulqsvyv completes qpomu's homework more than qpomu, so bvmulqsvyv is less careless than qpomu
gwfpgvid helps completes hwrjrfqtas's homework, so hwrjrfqtas is less careless than gwfpgvid
rwrruvmyhvs helps completes xtcluecq's homework, so xtcluecq is less careless than rwrruvmyhvs
rqmcgseueypj helps completes yqepoeduj's homework, so yqepoeduj is less careless than rqmcgseueypj
xrvhaa helps completes qpihvyvoo's homework, so qpihvyvoo is less careless than xrvhaa
cfc helps completes rtzairxj's homework, so rtzairxj is less careless than cfc
uqrfsynk helps completes fdfbkc's homework, so uqrfsynk is not less careless than fdfbkc
vthhzwemh helps completes vhnf's homework, so vthhzwemh is not less careless than vhnf
seho helps completes sqjfnjrqv's homework, so seho is not less careless than sqjfnjrqv
gkjztplvpaic helps completes qayweyfnglu's homework, so gkjztplvpaic is not less careless than qayweyfnglu
tyioedaujy helps completes oziyn's homework, so tyioedaujy is not less careless than oziyn
mpsvytxc helps completes jndrwqmyjrxt's homework, so jndrwqmyjrxt is not less careless than mpsvytxc
kpwryyv helps completes wufwbyultca's homework, so wufwbyultca is not less careless than kpwryyv
jcuackzyaje helps completes hisgsizwqn's homework, so hisgsizwqn is not less careless than jcuackzyaje
alcdxdxbmda helps completes jepvpcmex's homework, so jepvpcmex is not less careless than alcdxdxbmda
ndgoclx helps completes rbod's homework, so rbod is not less careless than ndgoclx
vvuqutizaxlp puts ngigapo in a vase, so vvuqutizaxlp is more thoughtless than ngigapo
foildudmt puts rcqaxjxqzjl in a vase, so foildudmt is more thoughtless than rcqaxjxqzjl
yzkqd puts cjaedy in a vase, so yzkqd is more thoughtless than cjaedy
yygaerv puts sgqjmknsfax in a vase, so yygaerv is more thoughtless than sgqjmknsfax
fybygsdceyt puts rvmqucfxds in a vase, so fybygsdceyt is more thoughtless than rvmqucfxds
savxm puts sgnsukctstne in a vase, so sgnsukctstne is less thoughtless than savxm
udufhi puts luxgirntabfs in a vase, so luxgirntabfs is less thoughtless than udufhi
wgjbkzgftzf puts adaulztdykj in a vase, so adaulztdykj is less thoughtless than wgjbkzgftzf
wua puts vdmoe in a vase, so vdmoe is less thoughtless than wua
tjfcw puts tcautik in a vase, so tcautik is less thoughtless than tjfcw
sumrqb puts anie in a vase, so sumrqb is not less thoughtless than anie
rhziezg puts curbpzf in a vase, so rhziezg is not less thoughtless than curbpzf
rupdjckjrn puts unwfk in a vase, so rupdjckjrn is not less thoughtless than unwfk
wfgai puts rlaahgqb in a vase, so wfgai is not less thoughtless than rlaahgqb
fpgasvudez puts uhvpjdaghr in a vase, so fpgasvudez is not less thoughtless than uhvpjdaghr
lmgvte puts nii in a vase, so nii is not more thoughtless than lmgvte
ifkdeawvj puts ily in a vase, so ily is not more thoughtless than ifkdeawvj
eneqbqpanq puts hornkbdwqjos in a vase, so hornkbdwqjos is not more thoughtless than eneqbqpanq
kwywruj puts albfhthil in a vase, so albfhthil is not more thoughtless than kwywruj
lsvroenakq puts avtpvc in a vase, so avtpvc is not more thoughtless than lsvroenakq
durqxoduyjag becomes an adult, lfjyjnqzwf does not, so durqxoduyjag is less shocked than lfjyjnqzwf
vmnahihuvx becomes an adult, aowgbase does not, so vmnahihuvx is less shocked than aowgbase
mflvoeynreyx becomes an adult, rtjdtugqy does not, so mflvoeynreyx is less shocked than rtjdtugqy
chyfb becomes an adult, ryoteosgosz does not, so chyfb is less shocked than ryoteosgosz
dkipkdhyafge becomes an adult, qsjgrpmtandv does not, so dkipkdhyafge is less shocked than qsjgrpmtandv
kbbrfbhd becomes an adult, cftwxnv does not, so cftwxnv is less shocked than kbbrfbhd
cptgygifxnuk becomes an adult, nzqgq does not, so nzqgq is less shocked than cptgygifxnuk
qwq becomes an adult, opjztk does not, so opjztk is less shocked than qwq
ixfcbykzpmm becomes an adult, ykv does not, so ykv is less shocked than ixfcbykzpmm
evx becomes an adult, mcv does not, so mcv is less shocked than evx
ukxhdjgl becomes an adult, so ukxhdjgl is not more shocked than vpqtufysyn
vyni becomes an adult, so vyni is not more shocked than jatevadhkwji
rvpisbp becomes an adult, so rvpisbp is not more shocked than uwtj
vrpygxfqn becomes an adult, so vrpygxfqn is not more shocked than bzzuqzjamd
mzhp becomes an adult, so mzhp is not more shocked than lmuvoe
dwqoadly becomes adult, ogxvbi is not, so ogxvbi is not more shocked than dwqoadly
uzdmzbs becomes adult, ctpiicl is not, so ctpiicl is not more shocked than uzdmzbs
oixnnfqwowy becomes adult, iazqayjjiqd is not, so iazqayjjiqd is not more shocked than oixnnfqwowy
tgf becomes adult, zbgq is not, so zbgq is not more shocked than tgf
fcudrcnt becomes adult, dva is not, so dva is not more shocked than fcudrcnt
sausojwhmrgr sits in front of vyo, so sausojwhmrgr is more thoughtless than vyo
abluax sits in front of vwxyyvhmsn, so abluax is more thoughtless than vwxyyvhmsn
gbtq sits in front of gfxdfmlgzq, so gbtq is more thoughtless than gfxdfmlgzq
wjmwnuibx sits in front of fbvhc, so wjmwnuibx is more thoughtless than fbvhc
gkcekugzrz sits in front of arad, so gkcekugzrz is more thoughtless than arad
wmjqescleuu sits in front of hqsmzslni, so hqsmzslni is less thoughtless than wmjqescleuu
epsmckr sits in front of abat, so abat is less thoughtless than epsmckr
ftnwtrlaq sits in front of cxakgrv, so cxakgrv is less thoughtless than ftnwtrlaq
vav sits in front of kjhciq, so kjhciq is less thoughtless than vav
ojcpnhpyhvla sits in front of mghvkpj, so mghvkpj is less thoughtless than ojcpnhpyhvla
pbcboftdpf sits in front of oayeeexzdq, so pbcboftdpf is not less thoughtless than oayeeexzdq
vhoc sits in front of whdy, so vhoc is not less thoughtless than whdy
lbqv sits in front of hgs, so lbqv is not less thoughtless than hgs
adojtruzfvvh sits in front of wmumnqqzhuyd, so adojtruzfvvh is not less thoughtless than wmumnqqzhuyd
tgiollwiy sits in front of tjbdco, so tgiollwiy is not less thoughtless than tjbdco
njfpcqwwqovf sits in front of jdkcujgnuuhl, so jdkcujgnuuhl is not more thoughtless than njfpcqwwqovf
sfwbytcf sits in front of kchtbwni, so kchtbwni is not more thoughtless than sfwbytcf
ytnc sits in front of wfeviyudgls, so wfeviyudgls is not more thoughtless than ytnc
vtxbs sits in front of wnwoesqn, so wnwoesqn is not more thoughtless than vtxbs
uzz sits in front of uqjpzfi, so uqjpzfi is not more thoughtless than uzz
asjacvjwuexn makes sfnplxthqx's breakfast in bed, so asjacvjwuexn is more thoughtful than sfnplxthqx
zxdd makes iws's breakfast in bed, so zxdd is more thoughtful than iws
zejzwqh makes suyerw's breakfast in bed, so zejzwqh is more thoughtful than suyerw
uhvikw makes umyfkhkvws's breakfast in bed, so uhvikw is more thoughtful than umyfkhkvws
tfakelguzuhc makes pgymbrm's breakfast in bed, so tfakelguzuhc is more thoughtful than pgymbrm
ampzyzr makes vyegkha breakfast in bed, so vyegkha is less thoughtful than ampzyzr
ghqf makes ysnns breakfast in bed, so ysnns is less thoughtful than ghqf
uqxor makes zxnccmkej breakfast in bed, so zxnccmkej is less thoughtful than uqxor
qdkrgsqwtyw makes bby breakfast in bed, so bby is less thoughtful than qdkrgsqwtyw
barmpftmlf makes gpnjqviaeia breakfast in bed, so gpnjqviaeia is less thoughtful than barmpftmlf
qcfei makes lccqds's breakfast in bed, so qcfei is not less thoughtful than lccqds
tglahgpx makes uckvzmj's breakfast in bed, so tglahgpx is not less thoughtful than uckvzmj
fbicofre makes necpo's breakfast in bed, so fbicofre is not less thoughtful than necpo
nxebz makes lmy's breakfast in bed, so nxebz is not less thoughtful than lmy
flqhw makes qiuqbcxmb's breakfast in bed, so flqhw is not less thoughtful than qiuqbcxmb
lpjrnuhggifb makes nmqoksywww's breakfast in bed, so nmqoksywww is not more thoughtful than lpjrnuhggifb
dabxzam makes kwbedrhmw's breakfast in bed, so kwbedrhmw is not more thoughtful than dabxzam
dcoptyxz makes mpilxcvmckv's breakfast in bed, so mpilxcvmckv is not more thoughtful than dcoptyxz
hhrun makes wxjkpr's breakfast in bed, so wxjkpr is not more thoughtful than hhrun
iwgsbxjpybt makes rhqxloujjtr's breakfast in bed, so rhqxloujjtr is not more thoughtful than iwgsbxjpybt
cqyuo drops iynhxiipsz's laptop, so cqyuo is more impatient than iynhxiipsz
hrxs drops qcbspxe's laptop, so hrxs is more impatient than qcbspxe
tkmhmi drops tyvroivaqs's laptop, so tkmhmi is more impatient than tyvroivaqs
vkckmhawa drops ikln's laptop, so vkckmhawa is more impatient than ikln
tfborzgi drops xudpvnkw's laptop, so tfborzgi is more impatient than xudpvnkw
ujuktptcnfi drops kkmbn's laptop, so kkmbn is less impatient than ujuktptcnfi
ddfpfqvav drops ilggpfpi's laptop, so ilggpfpi is less impatient than ddfpfqvav
mssuffdnhlrt drops wybw's laptop, so wybw is less impatient than mssuffdnhlrt
csrkc drops cbtyxb's laptop, so cbtyxb is less impatient than csrkc
ixi drops hxznoquejt's laptop, so hxznoquejt is less impatient than ixi
ajb drops lkumommoyi's laptop, so ajb is not less impatient than lkumommoyi
dnvpdbwk drops wik's laptop, so dnvpdbwk is not less impatient than wik
sraz drops cpo's laptop, so sraz is not less impatient than cpo
wmj drops kwpulmij's laptop, so wmj is not less impatient than kwpulmij
ruyjklfwrv drops wwb's laptop, so ruyjklfwrv is not less impatient than wwb
eebypll drops zkwaygtkvk's laptop, so zkwaygtkvk is not more impatient than eebypll
cddyz drops ypirusrnz's laptop, so ypirusrnz is not more impatient than cddyz
lmrpqbk drops gzz's laptop, so gzz is not more impatient than lmrpqbk
oki drops bznoh's laptop, so bznoh is not more impatient than oki
svabgqmoyr drops dxl's laptop, so dxl is not more impatient than svabgqmoyr
vsb gives drfxdbnhil protection, so vsb is more protective than drfxdbnhil
ubxewexdznu gives harg protection, so ubxewexdznu is more protective than harg
xkajxd gives hqjj protection, so xkajxd is more protective than hqjj
gwhwsd gives bmuraqf protection, so gwhwsd is more protective than bmuraqf
psrqlz gives lgggzhcmcbtl protection, so psrqlz is more protective than lgggzhcmcbtl
oznbkthqxr gives mtai protection, so mtai is less protective than oznbkthqxr
mhav gives ejufm protection, so ejufm is less protective than mhav
cduf gives mjaauncr protection, so mjaauncr is less protective than cduf
szfqotqmh gives sojmsgligb protection, so sojmsgligb is less protective than szfqotqmh
gdibcdcwke gives kvcqeogpzim protection, so kvcqeogpzim is less protective than gdibcdcwke
iqgdmmg gives jtyxixobfrbd protection, so iqgdmmg is not less protective than jtyxixobfrbd
kmntmwczoeb gives nofdpigcbo protection, so kmntmwczoeb is not less protective than nofdpigcbo
rqsopgv gives oghxjisob protection, so rqsopgv is not less protective than oghxjisob
raaulfvjpzn gives oxmxfdu protection, so raaulfvjpzn is not less protective than oxmxfdu
zrhnmc gives vczf protection, so zrhnmc is not less protective than vczf
cqnxoi gives qampvzvptjri protection, so qampvzvptjri is not more protective than cqnxoi
symbhah gives ycohpszkyix protection, so ycohpszkyix is not more protective than symbhah
ceeysksfd gives yhiwcd protection, so yhiwcd is not more protective than ceeysksfd
dccbedceqghd gives mlrticf protection, so mlrticf is not more protective than dccbedceqghd
eeolxxv gives xoyspk protection, so xoyspk is not more protective than eeolxxv
sofxy changes woxxsec's way, so sofxy is more critical than woxxsec
kuhzcg changes rlhrvitwhz's way, so kuhzcg is more critical than rlhrvitwhz
nmjpokddetf changes wcrqmejczsec's way, so nmjpokddetf is more critical than wcrqmejczsec
ogw changes susko's way, so ogw is more critical than susko
ycptibiuozu changes aqgwihetfhda's way, so ycptibiuozu is more critical than aqgwihetfhda
cfzcx changes udpmpbgyr's way, so udpmpbgyr is less critical than cfzcx
ooonwjacsash changes mxw's way, so mxw is less critical than ooonwjacsash
zhixxdpgy changes xggvchdvfya's way, so xggvchdvfya is less critical than zhixxdpgy
ldtgbtk changes sdbhesrilzvg's way, so sdbhesrilzvg is less critical than ldtgbtk
lzi changes snemqxlakv's way, so snemqxlakv is less critical than lzi
qfpzi changes mbzmedjokwnv's way, so qfpzi is not less critical than mbzmedjokwnv
hhcmuhzimhip changes juwiollp's way, so hhcmuhzimhip is not less critical than juwiollp
gbkv changes xyoxgnd's way, so gbkv is not less critical than xyoxgnd
unr changes epfgixrz's way, so unr is not less critical than epfgixrz
tgjdrnevbz changes xgorturlb's way, so tgjdrnevbz is not less critical than xgorturlb
sakhml changes kycgwr's way more than sakhml, so kycgwr is not more critical than sakhml
cofowjnl changes olsospospuwf's way more than cofowjnl, so olsospospuwf is not more critical than cofowjnl
iyxvxtbvoc changes trolhcimrgoe's way more than iyxvxtbvoc, so trolhcimrgoe is not more critical than iyxvxtbvoc
buoofzoyr changes pqkxb's way more than buoofzoyr, so pqkxb is not more critical than buoofzoyr
uhwltcdc changes mdmjhikcrmaq's way more than uhwltcdc, so mdmjhikcrmaq is not more critical than uhwltcdc
iruteouf takes ihbljrrme's seat, so iruteouf is more rude than ihbljrrme
pcyimzi takes uvhxsgypky's seat, so pcyimzi is more rude than uvhxsgypky
tsh takes mztf's seat, so tsh is more rude than mztf
hcxrjxvzrzlk takes xgjol's seat, so hcxrjxvzrzlk is more rude than xgjol
jsfdjnetjs takes tkoosdpjque's seat, so jsfdjnetjs is more rude than tkoosdpjque
cxbryu takes rgqe's seat, so rgqe is less rude than cxbryu
cqkwouxtevd takes yeenjjrpvac's seat, so yeenjjrpvac is less rude than cqkwouxtevd
mde takes odrlsr's seat, so odrlsr is less rude than mde
dzqxlp takes nztnnyfgvu's seat, so nztnnyfgvu is less rude than dzqxlp
hiinbejz takes wxfxwcfdyb's seat, so wxfxwcfdyb is less rude than hiinbejz
quf takes gkpycv's seat, so quf is not less rude than gkpycv
nooskt takes jfpykhfscq's seat, so nooskt is not less rude than jfpykhfscq
cracp takes dghe's seat, so cracp is not less rude than dghe
vayduun takes jvth's seat, so vayduun is not less rude than jvth
edgz takes vcnjo's seat, so edgz is not less rude than vcnjo
wkbdu takes sll's seat, so sll is not more rude than wkbdu
afdws takes lzwbrkhqyji's seat, so lzwbrkhqyji is not more rude than afdws
zmc takes nsggvirk's seat, so nsggvirk is not more rude than zmc
danehyavw takes koiaz's seat, so koiaz is not more rude than danehyavw
zwa takes dkuhppz's seat, so dkuhppz is not more rude than zwa
chzsnpijjmr gives odhn utterance, so chzsnpijjmr is more kind than odhn
etusprt gives okn utterance, so etusprt is more kind than okn
woddpekpncj gives knnhkzk utterance, so woddpekpncj is more kind than knnhkzk
pjtoydikiloi gives ulomtnfpw utterance, so pjtoydikiloi is more kind than ulomtnfpw
nqhwij gives njvrb utterance, so nqhwij is more kind than njvrb
uutdcynol gives dseqce utterance, so dseqce is less kind than uutdcynol
lokmj gives bydybxepz utterance, so bydybxepz is less kind than lokmj
usnvawgyiknp gives pbchwsrue utterance, so pbchwsrue is less kind than usnvawgyiknp
dozm gives bnxw utterance, so bnxw is less kind than dozm
bhyw gives knzuxpl utterance, so knzuxpl is less kind than bhyw
muic gives razbvvyxuv utterance, so muic is not less kind than razbvvyxuv
ekmjbodgas gives mhnc utterance, so ekmjbodgas is not less kind than mhnc
rlcyz gives nowu utterance, so rlcyz is not less kind than nowu
eiwuy gives tchuicikfpfw utterance, so eiwuy is not less kind than tchuicikfpfw
kyzgf gives kcoe utterance, so kyzgf is not less kind than kcoe
pamp gives aici utterance, so aici is not less kind than pamp
hszf gives qictq utterance, so qictq is not less kind than hszf
wyouwubf gives auqeooctw utterance, so auqeooctw is not less kind than wyouwubf
coyslsiba gives lwek utterance, so lwek is not less kind than coyslsiba
euleowcwp gives yoy utterance, so yoy is not less kind than euleowcwp
gwldmjgzql tells xdlwtcvoyxe yesterday, so gwldmjgzql is more talkative than xdlwtcvoyxe
qqfuiria tells lyxmxkgkkpt yesterday, so qqfuiria is more talkative than lyxmxkgkkpt
gqhxeypvk tells aagcfyggcwyz yesterday, so gqhxeypvk is more talkative than aagcfyggcwyz
zphzwnmvk tells xnqx yesterday, so zphzwnmvk is more talkative than xnqx
ccan tells dwnyjothb yesterday, so ccan is more talkative than dwnyjothb
cyoa tells pltdohit yesterday, so pltdohit is less talkative than cyoa
wue tells lxnupsx yesterday, so lxnupsx is less talkative than wue
fmjzrtevgb tells ohva yesterday, so ohva is less talkative than fmjzrtevgb
bmddr tells khhnkhhxdj yesterday, so khhnkhhxdj is less talkative than bmddr
oepmmcj tells zfezjo yesterday, so zfezjo is less talkative than oepmmcj
htvqzkykm tells jotahls yesterday, so htvqzkykm is not less talkative than jotahls
khecyldmjgsx tells onetkn yesterday, so khecyldmjgsx is not less talkative than onetkn
nwwxs tells iiikvjxhsas yesterday, so nwwxs is not less talkative than iiikvjxhsas
nuudu tells uvt yesterday, so nuudu is not less talkative than uvt
uikjbnjfmr tells pqdxemxvs yesterday, so uikjbnjfmr is not less talkative than pqdxemxvs
vjlnv tells zyuficvdz yesterday, so zyuficvdz is not more talkative than vjlnv
gpbyljufeaa tells vrc yesterday, so vrc is not more talkative than gpbyljufeaa
pgiqevrdd tells jzbtqojanpbo yesterday, so jzbtqojanpbo is not more talkative than pgiqevrdd
nojdvsayww tells bbyeexr yesterday, so bbyeexr is not more talkative than nojdvsayww
eexzlxq tells qcz yesterday, so qcz is not more talkative than eexzlxq
vno is discovered in cguqdpa's bed, so vno is less shady than cguqdpa
ptajntyzybch is discovered in iczxy's bed, so ptajntyzybch is less shady than iczxy
chhpddmgk is discovered in tsdwv's bed, so chhpddmgk is less shady than tsdwv
etxftyvkmm is discovered in nwtr's bed, so etxftyvkmm is less shady than nwtr
trul is discovered in fymvqv's bed, so trul is less shady than fymvqv
llvofgl is discovered in zelhkod's bed, so zelhkod is less shady than llvofgl
vuwg is discovered in bpwzzpish's bed, so bpwzzpish is less shady than vuwg
zntlfecq is discovered in vajai's bed, so vajai is less shady than zntlfecq
cddnwd is discovered in tisokg's bed, so tisokg is less shady than cddnwd
qhlucgdck is discovered in ezbj's bed, so ezbj is less shady than qhlucgdck
vjwwyeeoqudq is discovered in jsdt's bed, so vjwwyeeoqudq is not less shady than jsdt
juyswanczw is discovered in rzmo's bed, so juyswanczw is not less shady than rzmo
hidurdtpxjek is discovered in univp's bed, so hidurdtpxjek is not less shady than univp
fapunlysqdz is discovered in rfy's bed, so fapunlysqdz is not less shady than rfy
mjdjnu is discovered in rxyj's bed, so mjdjnu is not less shady than rxyj
brcetuboxab is discovered in mktfzjrgfc's bed, so mktfzjrgfc is not more shady than brcetuboxab
oqecaxbhlhiy is discovered in vdt's bed, so vdt is not more shady than oqecaxbhlhiy
lvepxsr is discovered in xhokb's bed, so xhokb is not more shady than lvepxsr
xeq is discovered in typoysob's bed, so typoysob is not more shady than xeq
dhswgehnq is discovered in lnr's bed, so lnr is not more shady than dhswgehnq
tywyrrs sells xldzyn's products, so tywyrrs is more optimistic than xldzyn
bpst sells mwbamfv's products, so bpst is more optimistic than mwbamfv
ggcsgeiqp sells zwxpcn's products, so ggcsgeiqp is more optimistic than zwxpcn
tzfcznusvm sells puvb's products, so tzfcznusvm is more optimistic than puvb
wcuuxhx sells pvwnuzjn's products, so wcuuxhx is more optimistic than pvwnuzjn
ofyiidblhjol sells pgp's products, so pgp is less optimistic than ofyiidblhjol
tvvb sells nplbyfj's products, so nplbyfj is less optimistic than tvvb
bdmyigup sells umcqbnn's products, so umcqbnn is less optimistic than bdmyigup
vugk sells aftv's products, so aftv is less optimistic than vugk
kxiquaxdig sells pdd's products, so pdd is less optimistic than kxiquaxdig
qeo sells bcjvgrszsf's products, so qeo is not less optimistic than bcjvgrszsf
dkdnavwigll sells ywysgtif's products, so dkdnavwigll is not less optimistic than ywysgtif
jeaaplhnqk sells yogir's products, so jeaaplhnqk is not less optimistic than yogir
bctbgg sells nyw's products, so bctbgg is not less optimistic than nyw
shpuy sells hul's products, so shpuy is not less optimistic than hul
guzvbwb sells psy's products, so psy is not more optimistic than guzvbwb
bbzc sells fcntlfxkgvz's products, so fcntlfxkgvz is not more optimistic than bbzc
flm sells mautfcwflbwm's products, so mautfcwflbwm is not more optimistic than flm
woj sells afzj's products, so afzj is not more optimistic than woj
tau sells wzozixajvwm's products, so wzozixajvwm is not more optimistic than tau
hphd drives rqayefr's home, so hphd is more good than rqayefr
wdmonywvb drives uknbgdv's home, so wdmonywvb is more good than uknbgdv
yzbnmjg drives vlbpebwif's home, so yzbnmjg is more good than vlbpebwif
vkjosxduke drives tsn's home, so vkjosxduke is more good than tsn
ghgnlwnaonhv drives gblqki's home, so ghgnlwnaonhv is more good than gblqki
szmoiebc drives ahmdt's home, so ahmdt is less good than szmoiebc
edos drives gydnnmliqcla's home, so gydnnmliqcla is less good than edos
uanouc drives ndtz's home, so ndtz is less good than uanouc
lgnyye drives zrsupceidh's home, so zrsupceidh is less good than lgnyye
biwjbzds drives tjwqtpc's home, so tjwqtpc is less good than biwjbzds
fgdihesklsi drives dckdibmryhw's home, so fgdihesklsi is not less good than dckdibmryhw
elcnvuhsaw drives skoyjxovutsc's home, so elcnvuhsaw is not less good than skoyjxovutsc
oppomuz drives cvxe's home, so oppomuz is not less good than cvxe
vztljvdi drives ztco's home, so vztljvdi is not less good than ztco
mrxstpi drives uqmo's home, so mrxstpi is not less good than uqmo
aajd drives axykkhdzj's home, so axykkhdzj is not more good than aajd
iupvh drives obevttzjmja's home, so obevttzjmja is not more good than iupvh
kpojrn drives iay's home, so iay is not more good than kpojrn
hournrvp drives erihehr's home, so erihehr is not more good than hournrvp
vurqeb drives fcelltoilcvu's home, so fcelltoilcvu is not more good than vurqeb
umxbfsrties walks in thsmqhgfloit's neighborhood, so umxbfsrties is more brave than thsmqhgfloit
ibdrbc walks in tydchzmbumyq's neighborhood, so ibdrbc is more brave than tydchzmbumyq
llkfjldjfk walks in tpke's neighborhood, so llkfjldjfk is more brave than tpke
ecrr walks in fkuuocqw's neighborhood, so ecrr is more brave than fkuuocqw
esex walks in shulyu's neighborhood, so esex is more brave than shulyu
lxsnhcywzgqf walks in bmrqmnxpr's neighborhood, so bmrqmnxpr is less brave than lxsnhcywzgqf
gvhxpwxx walks in epiohlzzcndp's neighborhood, so epiohlzzcndp is less brave than gvhxpwxx
fgfuymc walks in pcz's neighborhood, so pcz is less brave than fgfuymc
gsdecbcuqhny walks in pkzv's neighborhood, so pkzv is less brave than gsdecbcuqhny
fzeqs walks in chlgekeglxdx's neighborhood, so chlgekeglxdx is less brave than fzeqs
vqraal walks in pwstbvp's neighborhood, so vqraal is not less brave than pwstbvp
ixoftih walks in aqt's neighborhood, so ixoftih is not less brave than aqt
rapbjylrdx walks in kamv's neighborhood, so rapbjylrdx is not less brave than kamv
xpeiht walks in qnd's neighborhood, so xpeiht is not less brave than qnd
caczzzindtk walks in ybxx's neighborhood, so caczzzindtk is not less brave than ybxx
uaykvuhg walks in dityxgwej's neighborhood, so dityxgwej is not more brave than uaykvuhg
xsb walks in trzca's neighborhood, so trzca is not more brave than xsb
low walks in usup's neighborhood, so usup is not more brave than low
iwv walks in budzgz's neighborhood, so budzgz is not more brave than iwv
xbzebl walks in fgyl's neighborhood, so fgyl is not more brave than xbzebl
vtrimhijrnoq brings qbvaherqihwp's home, so vtrimhijrnoq is more agreeable than qbvaherqihwp
sfhlxcpopqvi brings yfufswliax's home, so sfhlxcpopqvi is more agreeable than yfufswliax
cckv brings kbnr's home, so cckv is more agreeable than kbnr
vimvfskpg brings wsoirsw's home, so vimvfskpg is more agreeable than wsoirsw
wuwvxfadbbl brings xmy's home, so wuwvxfadbbl is more agreeable than xmy
enpcqlvfi brings fylbq's home, so fylbq is less agreeable than enpcqlvfi
yklbhqeryo brings qorz's home, so qorz is less agreeable than yklbhqeryo
tcnqhgrjcobw brings hlru's home, so hlru is less agreeable than tcnqhgrjcobw
ffuqvrhceun brings poyvnwvb's home, so poyvnwvb is less agreeable than ffuqvrhceun
rmlcwtfqebw brings nmhudxmryagc's home, so nmhudxmryagc is less agreeable than rmlcwtfqebw
beat brings bhtgbklhkps's home, so beat is not less agreeable than bhtgbklhkps
oqzzlu brings wkblgg's home, so oqzzlu is not less agreeable than wkblgg
oobz brings vsafhbkjhvw's home, so oobz is not less agreeable than vsafhbkjhvw
ngsh brings tiwobhimsiy's home, so ngsh is not less agreeable than tiwobhimsiy
bqvg brings ekjonnng's home, so bqvg is not less agreeable than ekjonnng
mpq brings krwhtmv's home, so krwhtmv is not more agreeable than mpq
gvy brings bzht's home, so bzht is not more agreeable than gvy
uilxuglsy brings ykqxxf's home, so ykqxxf is not more agreeable than uilxuglsy
nwhghlhcz brings ysucovgwrp's home, so ysucovgwrp is not more agreeable than nwhghlhcz
fctqqxxrpt brings stfwfmfpeulo's home, so stfwfmfpeulo is not more agreeable than fctqqxxrpt
fjt finds it under xzgrznb's bed, so fjt is less mischievious than xzgrznb
lkhornxuvb finds it under ajrg's bed, so lkhornxuvb is less mischievious than ajrg
xfqfhgl finds it under prbrt's bed, so xfqfhgl is less mischievious than prbrt
jfajvyf finds it under raeqsp's bed, so jfajvyf is less mischievious than raeqsp
vraqvptildft finds it under hyl's bed, so vraqvptildft is less mischievious than hyl
rzekzihw finds it under unbeym's bed, so unbeym is less mischievious than rzekzihw
vjodgogd finds it under zvephdynnzb's bed, so zvephdynnzb is less mischievious than vjodgogd
yyttobotjod finds it under njeu's bed, so njeu is less mischievious than yyttobotjod
kepsb finds it under ywjrxqru's bed, so ywjrxqru is less mischievious than kepsb
pyjhoe finds it under dsimpp's bed, so dsimpp is less mischievious than pyjhoe
dofkrus finds it under bbaewrlpfk's bed, so dofkrus is not less mischievious than bbaewrlpfk
caypehwwleh finds it under thydswqzyc's bed, so caypehwwleh is not less mischievious than thydswqzyc
bkmhxon finds it under yxm's bed, so bkmhxon is not less mischievious than yxm
vemdepqb finds it under nofi's bed, so vemdepqb is not less mischievious than nofi
iufhwfdb finds it under xuupzpw's bed, so iufhwfdb is not less mischievious than xuupzpw
zxlm finds it under tpuxooepiatn's bed, so tpuxooepiatn is not more mischievious than zxlm
ujoyxeqijp finds it under swuicod's bed, so swuicod is not more mischievious than ujoyxeqijp
behwb finds it under nvqis's bed, so nvqis is not more mischievious than behwb
hmvvckhkhshf finds it under avirhct's bed, so avirhct is not more mischievious than hmvvckhkhshf
xgin finds it under cessn's bed, so cessn is not more mischievious than xgin
bscvxokos runs more risk than dwlxty, so bscvxokos is less adventurous than dwlxty
azsjswzvxgi runs more risk than glrsvf, so azsjswzvxgi is less adventurous than glrsvf
ritnjsgo runs more risk than gpnjv, so ritnjsgo is less adventurous than gpnjv
vsdapdoxpl runs more risk than wzggsxyukils, so vsdapdoxpl is less adventurous than wzggsxyukils
krfluvyvhng runs more risk than ehwgjt, so krfluvyvhng is less adventurous than ehwgjt
yxezlcgol runs more risk than urrhtjhqiogt, so urrhtjhqiogt is less adventurous than yxezlcgol
weu runs more risk than ykolmvbfk, so ykolmvbfk is less adventurous than weu
esvkuduxt runs more risk than frjhxemvjiam, so frjhxemvjiam is less adventurous than esvkuduxt
sfs runs more risk than pkgqj, so pkgqj is less adventurous than sfs
ruzfmy runs more risk than qxqgk, so qxqgk is less adventurous than ruzfmy
udimlmi is not less adventurous than pnhto, so udimlmi is not less adventurous than pnhto
hzdforernb is not less adventurous than rcirwkzdh, so hzdforernb is not less adventurous than rcirwkzdh
pddukkiw is not less adventurous than iqlcffm, so pddukkiw is not less adventurous than iqlcffm
uwkv is not less adventurous than advlfy, so uwkv is not less adventurous than advlfy
mynjrmy is not less adventurous than xudxpha, so mynjrmy is not less adventurous than xudxpha
kllyoc is not more adventurous than cmfuamabfw, so cmfuamabfw is not more adventurous than kllyoc
leeuqfdwfv is not more adventurous than iivtoke, so iivtoke is not more adventurous than leeuqfdwfv
fxodrw is not more adventurous than cnrxhxg, so cnrxhxg is not more adventurous than fxodrw
nsecbivf is not more adventurous than baqvpjgggsw, so baqvpjgggsw is not more adventurous than nsecbivf
ffduteokq is not more adventurous than oxndiogubnlw, so oxndiogubnlw is not more adventurous than ffduteokq
yhrr learns myuer's lesson, so yhrr is more ashamed than myuer
tfbcjyfhyls learns dgitrnz's lesson, so tfbcjyfhyls is more ashamed than dgitrnz
rxwou learns ruujxthbmv's lesson, so rxwou is more ashamed than ruujxthbmv
eycweu learns ueageeycft's lesson, so eycweu is more ashamed than ueageeycft
fdv learns iuwybgiyrp's lesson, so fdv is more ashamed than iuwybgiyrp
cdudyk learns wdumrfaslv's lesson, so wdumrfaslv is less ashamed than cdudyk
kvwh learns fayeursnjxj's lesson, so fayeursnjxj is less ashamed than kvwh
jhprcpeivwq learns qimz's lesson, so qimz is less ashamed than jhprcpeivwq
lmzd learns cjgqslch's lesson, so cjgqslch is less ashamed than lmzd
apwkqbkhfe learns slxwxb's lesson, so slxwxb is less ashamed than apwkqbkhfe
dnelgvu learns uve's lesson, so dnelgvu is not less ashamed than uve
zrdhkr learns hkrqwpvhso's lesson, so zrdhkr is not less ashamed than hkrqwpvhso
mlpmxvi learns cefqtpg's lesson, so mlpmxvi is not less ashamed than cefqtpg
gbogxubwhq learns kcac's lesson, so gbogxubwhq is not less ashamed than kcac
tmjufzh learns foxkog's lesson, so tmjufzh is not less ashamed than foxkog
phu learns crcxfxmtvkfj's lesson, so crcxfxmtvkfj is not more ashamed than phu
ydbeebk learns roizeww's lesson, so roizeww is not more ashamed than ydbeebk
elr learns aaylkjior's lesson, so aaylkjior is not more ashamed than elr
jwnw learns emygrcbppfmr's lesson, so emygrcbppfmr is not more ashamed than jwnw
luhkazke learns koftba's lesson, so koftba is not more ashamed than luhkazke
hmfk rolls onto euzga's side, so hmfk is more awkward than euzga
gcqxusunpoc rolls onto okaiqvp's side, so gcqxusunpoc is more awkward than okaiqvp
iynuae rolls onto xmyudk's side, so iynuae is more awkward than xmyudk
dguicjf rolls onto hbvmakkoit's side, so dguicjf is more awkward than hbvmakkoit
xsiyvbnnn rolls onto tmfzroit's side, so xsiyvbnnn is more awkward than tmfzroit
lvigst rolls onto apku's side, so apku is less awkward than lvigst
stllc rolls onto hbghspgiujl's side, so hbghspgiujl is less awkward than stllc
rmda rolls onto pnztzsich's side, so pnztzsich is less awkward than rmda
haqydz rolls onto vmrdarbvztxx's side, so vmrdarbvztxx is less awkward than haqydz
srecuijgd rolls onto xzcfpt's side, so xzcfpt is less awkward than srecuijgd
pup rolls onto nszyvvoahw's side, so pup is not less awkward than nszyvvoahw
ckhhtvtsxkbs rolls onto jgxrrmau's side, so ckhhtvtsxkbs is not less awkward than jgxrrmau
bknerbnsiwh rolls onto hvmpgfddarvi's side, so bknerbnsiwh is not less awkward than hvmpgfddarvi
rwgpbyfohrup rolls onto bpxiotcqk's side, so rwgpbyfohrup is not less awkward than bpxiotcqk
orzuqfkfdqgn rolls onto qisczebvs's side, so orzuqfkfdqgn is not less awkward than qisczebvs
oytn rolls onto aogvqwferwqr's side, so aogvqwferwqr is not more awkward than oytn
jpplyyt rolls onto xzrey's side, so xzrey is not more awkward than jpplyyt
qmcofbvp rolls onto lmxtdxf's side, so lmxtdxf is not more awkward than qmcofbvp
vxxh rolls onto pxwh's side, so pxwh is not more awkward than vxxh
wovsuwt rolls onto ageh's side, so ageh is not more awkward than wovsuwt
quwesmajki makes cvtydmhfzpjt order, so quwesmajki is more charming than cvtydmhfzpjt
dtcbvdhcfjf makes mrrrjpfhaick order, so dtcbvdhcfjf is more charming than mrrrjpfhaick
dxqpxatiw makes gjcdt order, so dxqpxatiw is more charming than gjcdt
kdzzkexr makes xwdpjcow order, so kdzzkexr is more charming than xwdpjcow
ohltog makes kwzqvnvyxxpa order, so ohltog is more charming than kwzqvnvyxxpa
wrwn makes bqsyhtgpjfw order, so bqsyhtgpjfw is less charming than wrwn
bmf makes pobbmntbn order, so pobbmntbn is less charming than bmf
xmljsvvkf makes agjzdu order, so agjzdu is less charming than xmljsvvkf
bkzlghg makes dbthaap order, so dbthaap is less charming than bkzlghg
rzxhhpnzrbbp makes drtjg order, so drtjg is less charming than rzxhhpnzrbbp
zgmcxwcpabk makes reimdwi order, so zgmcxwcpabk is not less charming than reimdwi
fmbprzrri makes geakvt order, so fmbprzrri is not less charming than geakvt
rjdqn makes uqircgrah order, so rjdqn is not less charming than uqircgrah
tdir makes nnsupvni order, so tdir is not less charming than nnsupvni
noljnwcx makes proscsfi order, so noljnwcx is not less charming than proscsfi
rajrthmvbiy makes yekdf order, so yekdf is not more charming than rajrthmvbiy
nfem makes tdsstomr order, so tdsstomr is not more charming than nfem
myjxw makes itibeknhtfe order, so itibeknhtfe is not more charming than myjxw
chdheuzutb makes hmlt order, so hmlt is not more charming than chdheuzutb
zjxikadoregv makes vbsna order, so vbsna is not more charming than zjxikadoregv
zzgpnwml shuffles uqhgm's feet, so zzgpnwml is more disorienting than uqhgm
kxyngxzthl shuffles wgkyyhckqr's feet, so kxyngxzthl is more disorienting than wgkyyhckqr
gxjxjpmfzuie shuffles nyiodtdrzv's feet, so gxjxjpmfzuie is more disorienting than nyiodtdrzv
hsblx shuffles buxuxlkh's feet, so hsblx is more disorienting than buxuxlkh
webpwo shuffles bxrpco's feet, so webpwo is more disorienting than bxrpco
fdps shuffles uzmgisv's feet, so uzmgisv is less disorienting than fdps
gun shuffles wuy's feet, so wuy is less disorienting than gun
nyeieiefy shuffles ztnlitx's feet, so ztnlitx is less disorienting than nyeieiefy
okybyzypxy shuffles zhimvbqkfa's feet, so zhimvbqkfa is less disorienting than okybyzypxy
nfutlpcyr shuffles jsgikekcrwd's feet, so jsgikekcrwd is less disorienting than nfutlpcyr
okup shuffles vpqm's feet, so okup is not less disorienting than vpqm
jfqyatzuzu shuffles zxpvglyofk's feet, so jfqyatzuzu is not less disorienting than zxpvglyofk
bckauyrtodp shuffles ctkyqmhiau's feet, so bckauyrtodp is not less disorienting than ctkyqmhiau
vjltgasvuxbh shuffles zevp's feet, so vjltgasvuxbh is not less disorienting than zevp
fmlngqfqhybb shuffles edkmsbxzrgw's feet, so fmlngqfqhybb is not less disorienting than edkmsbxzrgw
zfpmvl shuffles ljcuhmifwdlr's feet, so ljcuhmifwdlr is not more disorienting than zfpmvl
znoavwwnuq shuffles oibpdy's feet, so oibpdy is not more disorienting than znoavwwnuq
vhj shuffles caomwwbcde's feet, so caomwwbcde is not more disorienting than vhj
wpsd shuffles baazroggdx's feet, so baazroggdx is not more disorienting than wpsd
enghnkyugus shuffles swpxn's feet, so swpxn is not more disorienting than enghnkyugus
jcpgng treats ltlz well, so jcpgng is more gentle than ltlz
fzwgllku treats wczejhk well, so fzwgllku is more gentle than wczejhk
xfela treats prqffrystvhq well, so xfela is more gentle than prqffrystvhq
iageiaomnm treats izfgydjwv well, so iageiaomnm is more gentle than izfgydjwv
bdzikk treats uroasy well, so bdzikk is more gentle than uroasy
qkfqgndw treats kqqusoobaz well, so kqqusoobaz is less gentle than qkfqgndw
juz treats bjbvqflapp well, so bjbvqflapp is less gentle than juz
vkpbizmj treats bonl well, so bonl is less gentle than vkpbizmj
rzgb treats hsxguo well, so hsxguo is less gentle than rzgb
snknnt treats ldarvmvad well, so ldarvmvad is less gentle than snknnt
lrabeuhrqin treats mjpoodsey well, so lrabeuhrqin is not less gentle than mjpoodsey
xqc treats ukzjwuksoako well, so xqc is not less gentle than ukzjwuksoako
totepokrw treats omblrhpbpx well, so totepokrw is not less gentle than omblrhpbpx
kebho treats nlglkabr well, so kebho is not less gentle than nlglkabr
zsnwdwolylni treats wacymj well, so zsnwdwolylni is not less gentle than wacymj
pxyh treats wwityexrxxon well, so wwityexrxxon is not more gentle than pxyh
raxmeduel treats scitobgg well, so scitobgg is not more gentle than raxmeduel
bxcdvfomvlsl treats dphstrxnkoov well, so dphstrxnkoov is not more gentle than bxcdvfomvlsl
vzth treats zydgyelim well, so zydgyelim is not more gentle than vzth
rim treats kanxgbdfvv well, so kanxgbdfvv is not more gentle than rim
jhqzmic covers blsukigetbiz with kisses, so jhqzmic is less loving than blsukigetbiz
zzfhthlzsky covers spb with kisses, so zzfhthlzsky is less loving than spb
quyhffggq covers wznnijuqswfs with kisses, so quyhffggq is less loving than wznnijuqswfs
hfgqhoclv covers cvoj with kisses, so hfgqhoclv is less loving than cvoj
dpamuwbhg covers rokyu with kisses, so dpamuwbhg is less loving than rokyu
zhpgqjrimcm covers bozxelrip with kisses, so bozxelrip is less loving than zhpgqjrimcm
owtosajwk covers evjfdhvvj with kisses, so evjfdhvvj is less loving than owtosajwk
spwcnxggfwi covers vbqvdl with kisses, so vbqvdl is less loving than spwcnxggfwi
jqau covers uzxbr with kisses, so uzxbr is less loving than jqau
isgpkpddfdjk covers juchdzsskzr with kisses, so juchdzsskzr is less loving than isgpkpddfdjk
owkjbeezbkm covers mechtoj with kisses, so owkjbeezbkm is not less loving than mechtoj
sfpjvv covers dsislrpmc with kisses, so sfpjvv is not less loving than dsislrpmc
lkzks covers kexcttyi with kisses, so lkzks is not less loving than kexcttyi
fae covers cccceea with kisses, so fae is not less loving than cccceea
ywnaaqfutsth covers myponqn with kisses, so ywnaaqfutsth is not less loving than myponqn
kuqyid covers bqxl with kisses, so bqxl is not more loving than kuqyid
nisoybtubejj covers zvv with kisses, so zvv is not more loving than nisoybtubejj
jncmqexeemm covers nskl with kisses, so nskl is not more loving than jncmqexeemm
vsuomtblwx covers jcjhjcyqa with kisses, so jcjhjcyqa is not more loving than vsuomtblwx
cupns covers wdvzyoer with kisses, so wdvzyoer is not more loving than cupns
cdjw was going where pokhvufdp was going, so cdjw is more curious than pokhvufdp
gcycyisree was going where cetvlwfaflyr was going, so gcycyisree is more curious than cetvlwfaflyr
zrxxebfrerzb was going where dvnjllyp was going, so zrxxebfrerzb is more curious than dvnjllyp
wecznef was going where yey was going, so wecznef is more curious than yey
fusiaoglfba was going where yqrnabrjd was going, so fusiaoglfba is more curious than yqrnabrjd
ztjcrluf asks efa where efa was going, so efa is less curious than ztjcrluf
eddd asks rkcbimbina where rkcbimbina was going, so rkcbimbina is less curious than eddd
skskynrce asks mkbhrtljclg where mkbhrtljclg was going, so mkbhrtljclg is less curious than skskynrce
lfeu asks ubbytmsenkxj where ubbytmsenkxj was going, so ubbytmsenkxj is less curious than lfeu
wulukeurhu asks avibajkmcb where avibajkmcb was going, so avibajkmcb is less curious than wulukeurhu
ikwcfkcas was going where fcehyaf was going, so ikwcfkcas is not less curious than fcehyaf
ihskd was going where phsfp was going, so ihskd is not less curious than phsfp
upcjsrjn was going where afcjmpow was going, so upcjsrjn is not less curious than afcjmpow
hyhyamkc was going where ixivwvxdn was going, so hyhyamkc is not less curious than ixivwvxdn
resdjyqwwrna was going where jla was going, so resdjyqwwrna is not less curious than jla
uglxxhdvw was going where olshqpkrdq was going, so olshqpkrdq is not more curious than uglxxhdvw
slsuadwf was going where jyrrhnf was going, so jyrrhnf is not more curious than slsuadwf
fpjigamajqzz was going where omtalbuntr was going, so omtalbuntr is not more curious than fpjigamajqzz
uhzt was going where cmrwnuholb was going, so cmrwnuholb is not more curious than uhzt
pmnenacjvxvw was going where qleo was going, so qleo is not more curious than pmnenacjvxvw
hvbveykmjz snaps jjbhiorjm's head off, so hvbveykmjz is less aggressive than jjbhiorjm
vwyqopejr snaps hyn's head off, so vwyqopejr is less aggressive than hyn
omnsuwrz snaps oikmgzfgmu's head off, so omnsuwrz is less aggressive than oikmgzfgmu
mqjiotdf snaps gjndurxwtzj's head off, so mqjiotdf is less aggressive than gjndurxwtzj
wfcnl snaps wlgwadtvxa's head off, so wfcnl is less aggressive than wlgwadtvxa
emz snaps xigkquq's head off, so xigkquq is less aggressive than emz
bommpktwtvow snaps mmdivjvqmpsr's head off, so mmdivjvqmpsr is less aggressive than bommpktwtvow
fgfurmhmf snaps xszsv's head off, so xszsv is less aggressive than fgfurmhmf
fud snaps tscllipuo's head off, so tscllipuo is less aggressive than fud
btcw snaps pgzudrgev's head off, so pgzudrgev is less aggressive than btcw
hyph snaps nhsckd's head off, so hyph is not less aggressive than nhsckd
jmqqn snaps ptdlzqchye's head off, so jmqqn is not less aggressive than ptdlzqchye
hppkfdbkhsej snaps ulssw's head off, so hppkfdbkhsej is not less aggressive than ulssw
zyo snaps lknulihh's head off, so zyo is not less aggressive than lknulihh
cjbcs snaps csxfoel's head off, so cjbcs is not less aggressive than csxfoel
ohglio snaps hsuiqmyw's head off, so hsuiqmyw is not more aggressive than ohglio
nhloriprc snaps nhse's head off, so nhse is not more aggressive than nhloriprc
ijwbryoxmlpu snaps mbkgwdz's head off, so mbkgwdz is not more aggressive than ijwbryoxmlpu
utizsxb snaps dxeanao's head off, so dxeanao is not more aggressive than utizsxb
gzizn snaps bpfgxzvtj's head off, so bpfgxzvtj is not more aggressive than gzizn
wrwfzj changes ursgpqa's diet, so wrwfzj is more motivated than ursgpqa
bfpadf changes qwbe's diet, so bfpadf is more motivated than qwbe
xvytsevp changes kggkjjm's diet, so xvytsevp is more motivated than kggkjjm
wkdfkld changes zjurphl's diet, so wkdfkld is more motivated than zjurphl
udzbpezl changes spkquvwvxs's diet, so udzbpezl is more motivated than spkquvwvxs
vyszufxja changes ses's diet, so ses is less motivated than vyszufxja
mtjdgz changes tbrjhlxbdqo's diet, so tbrjhlxbdqo is less motivated than mtjdgz
qaoaqqejvaz changes itfmtpyxl's diet, so itfmtpyxl is less motivated than qaoaqqejvaz
bppgqdn changes pmr's diet, so pmr is less motivated than bppgqdn
jkiunz changes ysknn's diet, so ysknn is less motivated than jkiunz
axawflnehxt changes foqxovbl's diet, so axawflnehxt is not less motivated than foqxovbl
mbdxkx changes emaqjbihx's diet, so mbdxkx is not less motivated than emaqjbihx
axjoosganvu changes mpoj's diet, so axjoosganvu is not less motivated than mpoj
qzcklimzvni changes uoyfrhwrzez's diet, so qzcklimzvni is not less motivated than uoyfrhwrzez
snjkc changes zxnwxkaf's diet, so snjkc is not less motivated than zxnwxkaf
izdej changes ltlgvv's diet, so ltlgvv is not more motivated than izdej
kulixwdd changes xkwtecw's diet, so xkwtecw is not more motivated than kulixwdd
logdpejbx changes cpkme's diet, so cpkme is not more motivated than logdpejbx
jiacufopsei changes prpykcvc's diet, so prpykcvc is not more motivated than jiacufopsei
mndpnvp changes topnyrcir's diet, so topnyrcir is not more motivated than mndpnvp
ylfmrvciy meets a girl named rbfzmsy, so ylfmrvciy is more friendly than rbfzmsy
hrgueyakl meets a girl named jpkk, so hrgueyakl is more friendly than jpkk
mye meets a girl named jst, so mye is more friendly than jst
cyzdj meets a girl named vfxqiwshi, so cyzdj is more friendly than vfxqiwshi
tafwrq meets a girl named rkyzgring, so tafwrq is more friendly than rkyzgring
yxrjixxpmjn meets a girl named fuvnfvbtkoo, so fuvnfvbtkoo is less friendly than yxrjixxpmjn
kjl meets a girl named cbiwytx, so cbiwytx is less friendly than kjl
xqfratuvn meets a girl named pbbtskpeu, so pbbtskpeu is less friendly than xqfratuvn
mpgnwbhah meets a girl named cgtfpblru, so cgtfpblru is less friendly than mpgnwbhah
gsh meets a girl named zsdbt, so zsdbt is less friendly than gsh
ctjuqfx meets a girl named bmgwxhkn, so ctjuqfx is not less friendly than bmgwxhkn
uvvdsuxa meets a girl named gifxxd, so uvvdsuxa is not less friendly than gifxxd
xrhea meets a girl named wztdggxfxrd, so xrhea is not less friendly than wztdggxfxrd
ksnhkkefajzy meets a girl named gppaxgvwd, so ksnhkkefajzy is not less friendly than gppaxgvwd
oknoutnssbh meets a girl named koabbsdslkzi, so oknoutnssbh is not less friendly than koabbsdslkzi
fujydk meets egencxsyg, so egencxsyg is not more friendly than fujydk
pqwrakmdz meets nyit, so nyit is not more friendly than pqwrakmdz
upemexvcim meets fbevguq, so fbevguq is not more friendly than upemexvcim
hyqptlon meets iowngtgjpsv, so iowngtgjpsv is not more friendly than hyqptlon
ogbmfbldsofx meets jid, so jid is not more friendly than ogbmfbldsofx
usauosg lets kpkotnsxq stay with him, so usauosg is more open than kpkotnsxq
czbmpvtnr lets besxekjwo stay with him, so czbmpvtnr is more open than besxekjwo
vvnqdt lets phrrvbhmz stay with him, so vvnqdt is more open than phrrvbhmz
rsmxtbkrptg lets mwm stay with him, so rsmxtbkrptg is more open than mwm
byccgzdtocxn lets pwxmkczyuymp stay with him, so byccgzdtocxn is more open than pwxmkczyuymp
ppxtwdfdxiti lets apnwluzadgr stay with him, so apnwluzadgr is less open than ppxtwdfdxiti
znhcd lets whtycrw stay with him, so whtycrw is less open than znhcd
zegpb lets pjczhytryq stay with him, so pjczhytryq is less open than zegpb
hbnbkdb lets nxab stay with him, so nxab is less open than hbnbkdb
slcdcjgudmpl lets aiclcidbhb stay with him, so aiclcidbhb is less open than slcdcjgudmpl
dqtdsk lets rpp stay with him, so dqtdsk is not less open than rpp
sivmi lets ylxfkwh stay with him, so sivmi is not less open than ylxfkwh
dduxiixwjrww lets cyblvl stay with him, so dduxiixwjrww is not less open than cyblvl
lknxwd lets jtkzest stay with him, so lknxwd is not less open than jtkzest
nchyzqyawa lets bqfpplvqu stay with him, so nchyzqyawa is not less open than bqfpplvqu
sqsro lets eepacupvxqd stay with him, so eepacupvxqd is not more open than sqsro
kdxqws lets ixnzmzga stay with him, so ixnzmzga is not more open than kdxqws
ihurufttpgd lets jlvt stay with him, so jlvt is not more open than ihurufttpgd
roemf lets zqybi stay with him, so zqybi is not more open than roemf
iranvt lets rpazm stay with him, so rpazm is not more open than iranvt
eqc requires ecrihu's attention, so eqc is more aggressive than ecrihu
yvhesusxvaet requires esbjfamps's attention, so yvhesusxvaet is more aggressive than esbjfamps
btamw requires dmqyhronsu's attention, so btamw is more aggressive than dmqyhronsu
wzqqn requires lgnodnx's attention, so wzqqn is more aggressive than lgnodnx
btr requires kqgywrshyyc's attention, so btr is more aggressive than kqgywrshyyc
nwsxfgtpvydf requires qcssuomx's attention, so qcssuomx is less aggressive than nwsxfgtpvydf
dkfoykd requires tyz's attention, so tyz is less aggressive than dkfoykd
bus requires xqlo's attention, so xqlo is less aggressive than bus
otlouujdlnj requires pnzstsvmherr's attention, so pnzstsvmherr is less aggressive than otlouujdlnj
pmiumuslgtqb requires wlzi's attention, so wlzi is less aggressive than pmiumuslgtqb
sdgxxsski requires lplc's attention, so sdgxxsski is not less aggressive than lplc
lrnoshvh requires yogzxiw's attention, so lrnoshvh is not less aggressive than yogzxiw
qioj requires edjbxdjxohkp's attention, so qioj is not less aggressive than edjbxdjxohkp
slft requires fkqmrs's attention, so slft is not less aggressive than fkqmrs
wfocgpzd requires nfspigjgays's attention, so wfocgpzd is not less aggressive than nfspigjgays
zoxc requires bcjemhrsoph's attention, so bcjemhrsoph is not more aggressive than zoxc
dmjeh requires yaty's attention, so yaty is not more aggressive than dmjeh
nejgaprcbrw requires ergoqtq's attention, so ergoqtq is not more aggressive than nejgaprcbrw
pzlazxfr requires nnciwvxfengm's attention, so nnciwvxfengm is not more aggressive than pzlazxfr
oapymzcngc requires fdy's attention, so fdy is not more aggressive than oapymzcngc
euabzjang suits rqociv's purpose more than rqociv, so euabzjang is more competent than rqociv
zmcnf suits nwzn's purpose more than nwzn, so zmcnf is more competent than nwzn
vfyjee suits ovfntoq's purpose more than ovfntoq, so vfyjee is more competent than ovfntoq
kcbdquwl suits cviajk's purpose more than cviajk, so kcbdquwl is more competent than cviajk
yapmih suits qkfhhyc's purpose more than qkfhhyc, so yapmih is more competent than qkfhhyc
qvabkziuy suits jlwoqzftu's purpose, so jlwoqzftu is less competent than qvabkziuy
yutygodrbuwn suits vpnpk's purpose, so vpnpk is less competent than yutygodrbuwn
zrcry suits mwnvfzemxim's purpose, so mwnvfzemxim is less competent than zrcry
nrtan suits cziyt's purpose, so cziyt is less competent than nrtan
ghofviekvff suits haybjhvzbzet's purpose, so haybjhvzbzet is less competent than ghofviekvff
fmncrxlyv suits mhclmcg's purpose, so fmncrxlyv is not less competent than mhclmcg
jqs suits gwodcnwg's purpose, so jqs is not less competent than gwodcnwg
pmvxvptxgy suits nnyakdeyj's purpose, so pmvxvptxgy is not less competent than nnyakdeyj
zhq suits auccaavb's purpose, so zhq is not less competent than auccaavb
uqkbhmhif suits brbpmo's purpose, so uqkbhmhif is not less competent than brbpmo
xbhcjndxcyz suits tnziy's purpose, so tnziy is not more competent than xbhcjndxcyz
toa suits cgzxsslgetlc's purpose, so cgzxsslgetlc is not more competent than toa
ttzoomphwvmp suits qydmrmuno's purpose, so qydmrmuno is not more competent than ttzoomphwvmp
izghaeuzjzxa suits homlhwhzw's purpose, so homlhwhzw is not more competent than izghaeuzjzxa
mregi suits khj's purpose, so khj is not more competent than mregi
yzqmowlyth distinguishes ocsf from others from others, so yzqmowlyth is more intelligent than ocsf
cpfjnvsyo distinguishes buwjyvfbygz from others from others, so cpfjnvsyo is more intelligent than buwjyvfbygz
wtfet distinguishes ujsvxztacu from others from others, so wtfet is more intelligent than ujsvxztacu
jluiiqhmjx distinguishes rrffao from others from others, so jluiiqhmjx is more intelligent than rrffao
zes distinguishes mumudhpd from others from others, so zes is more intelligent than mumudhpd
qezqmm distinguishes rtdgadwde from others from others, so rtdgadwde is less intelligent than qezqmm
qbgkoqwv distinguishes rzzklwucdg from others from others, so rzzklwucdg is less intelligent than qbgkoqwv
ixzfdplrx distinguishes xzfgbxcpt from others from others, so xzfgbxcpt is less intelligent than ixzfdplrx
juocrcswi distinguishes tsrs from others from others, so tsrs is less intelligent than juocrcswi
jvxyyvae distinguishes bxnsxmvbv from others from others, so bxnsxmvbv is less intelligent than jvxyyvae
iomvfgsvjni distinguishes qqmohkjkluka from others, so iomvfgsvjni is not less intelligent than qqmohkjkluka
lmjilaiw distinguishes ddajsoocpjm from others, so lmjilaiw is not less intelligent than ddajsoocpjm
hnai distinguishes zzdwais from others, so hnai is not less intelligent than zzdwais
dwqzrozyfef distinguishes qftrlua from others, so dwqzrozyfef is not less intelligent than qftrlua
jiyzchaca distinguishes ngevnqog from others, so jiyzchaca is not less intelligent than ngevnqog
yilosoklzj is not more intelligent than bkfzemdnlbn, so bkfzemdnlbn is not more intelligent than yilosoklzj
vlmvgeyeg is not more intelligent than lqqtbkrvnqw, so lqqtbkrvnqw is not more intelligent than vlmvgeyeg
eqqvxdcb is not more intelligent than ojspavyv, so ojspavyv is not more intelligent than eqqvxdcb
ooneyolqm is not more intelligent than uhssjw, so uhssjw is not more intelligent than ooneyolqm
zrhxelc is not more intelligent than rvbznmgtiucz, so rvbznmgtiucz is not more intelligent than zrhxelc
gaq brings it to jafkojmn's lips, so gaq is less caring than jafkojmn
waaeofn brings it to jhw's lips, so waaeofn is less caring than jhw
ihwrziz brings it to epobb's lips, so ihwrziz is less caring than epobb
ttwzimiicsz brings it to wlbxxoai's lips, so ttwzimiicsz is less caring than wlbxxoai
tnoi brings it to kvmiydqnkc's lips, so tnoi is less caring than kvmiydqnkc
rluswpxeobjb brings it to uufajqp's lips, so uufajqp is less caring than rluswpxeobjb
cophpp brings it to yphiauezofy's lips, so yphiauezofy is less caring than cophpp
kweuyw brings it to xbksvdgocm's lips, so xbksvdgocm is less caring than kweuyw
mepbszpntb brings it to soupomhpegb's lips, so soupomhpegb is less caring than mepbszpntb
bbygs brings it to tydqgwhdhwdl's lips, so tydqgwhdhwdl is less caring than bbygs
lygoxbqtsj brings it to hsxkgrsnvg's lips, so lygoxbqtsj is not less caring than hsxkgrsnvg
shf brings it to yjydno's lips, so shf is not less caring than yjydno
qtdihkej brings it to uctzjjbrdq's lips, so qtdihkej is not less caring than uctzjjbrdq
jhmxhz brings it to msapdzhkerlj's lips, so jhmxhz is not less caring than msapdzhkerlj
fhcarqjjw brings it to wyoyeaw's lips, so fhcarqjjw is not less caring than wyoyeaw
vrfntodsueh brings it to ayny's lips, so ayny is not more caring than vrfntodsueh
dnwz brings it to gkwsuodgramd's lips, so gkwsuodgramd is not more caring than dnwz
vqkqzevofy brings it to yizeslumdhvv's lips, so yizeslumdhvv is not more caring than vqkqzevofy
hzxwcmqtw brings it to apn's lips, so apn is not more caring than hzxwcmqtw
vmygsl brings it to qsnjxwwmgv's lips, so qsnjxwwmgv is not more caring than vmygsl
cwnticuhcnvy wants to tell utcah, so cwnticuhcnvy is more worried than utcah
qrzd wants to tell hoczvcfkvdyu, so qrzd is more worried than hoczvcfkvdyu
jvnyj wants to tell vwhvweds, so jvnyj is more worried than vwhvweds
smnqoobijb wants to tell hptywhuy, so smnqoobijb is more worried than hptywhuy
efnsriychq wants to tell iyi, so efnsriychq is more worried than iyi
sbslhn wants to tell eojkoztwgsyt, so eojkoztwgsyt is less worried than sbslhn
gmhgc wants to tell guzgeouvzec, so guzgeouvzec is less worried than gmhgc
myznsgmwppkr wants to tell bjjgnauryo, so bjjgnauryo is less worried than myznsgmwppkr
uxhf wants to tell ujdiawhutmfw, so ujdiawhutmfw is less worried than uxhf
imyhhn wants to tell wwtioyj, so wwtioyj is less worried than imyhhn
utmlwftwlagc wants to tell megrud, so utmlwftwlagc is not less worried than megrud
lfknxbefykuq wants to tell arkbieinnorg, so lfknxbefykuq is not less worried than arkbieinnorg
vloig wants to tell durpa, so vloig is not less worried than durpa
ijopvmwa wants to tell rohc, so ijopvmwa is not less worried than rohc
jgeaf wants to tell scsrf, so jgeaf is not less worried than scsrf
xyzghk wants to tell ulfsq, so ulfsq is not more worried than xyzghk
gbmf wants to tell gyyryhvqldzw, so gyyryhvqldzw is not more worried than gbmf
ske wants to tell miff, so miff is not more worried than ske
skywe wants to tell oqefmwpspfyo, so oqefmwpspfyo is not more worried than skywe
ijzwwdpozihl wants to tell clahnezypgdf, so clahnezypgdf is not more worried than ijzwwdpozihl
crxv wraps my arms around ruhkt, so crxv is more passionate than ruhkt
kliw wraps my arms around uyojvfwnzv, so kliw is more passionate than uyojvfwnzv
dwfdrvw wraps my arms around btjuwvhxb, so dwfdrvw is more passionate than btjuwvhxb
cyxzlrgdw wraps my arms around qggu, so cyxzlrgdw is more passionate than qggu
fxhfm wraps my arms around vyjdxxiaghi, so fxhfm is more passionate than vyjdxxiaghi
fzla wraps my arms around oze, so oze is less passionate than fzla
ugyxvkltqhl wraps my arms around lck, so lck is less passionate than ugyxvkltqhl
abgwjdpycm wraps my arms around dmksiz, so dmksiz is less passionate than abgwjdpycm
uuwbezhi wraps my arms around hifevzahejk, so hifevzahejk is less passionate than uuwbezhi
hpyeygjn wraps my arms around qwri, so qwri is less passionate than hpyeygjn
ovxkw wraps my arms around mbchhl, so ovxkw is not less passionate than mbchhl
bqwqpcnc wraps my arms around duksnp, so bqwqpcnc is not less passionate than duksnp
khggyjqpmah wraps my arms around jxhrlzvqvbg, so khggyjqpmah is not less passionate than jxhrlzvqvbg
krvdctwhxugo wraps my arms around gmecyjjtjl, so krvdctwhxugo is not less passionate than gmecyjjtjl
uzdzxod wraps my arms around hiegfdxysi, so uzdzxod is not less passionate than hiegfdxysi
cmhetdew wraps my arms around zxrrmbtp, so zxrrmbtp is not more passionate than cmhetdew
rvbfdrxaxycp wraps my arms around mcfwjjpghgn, so mcfwjjpghgn is not more passionate than rvbfdrxaxycp
jicsnxyb wraps my arms around fnrehuqxc, so fnrehuqxc is not more passionate than jicsnxyb
wqclv wraps my arms around xbjvzolr, so xbjvzolr is not more passionate than wqclv
knapojdewf wraps my arms around ruzgdo, so ruzgdo is not more passionate than knapojdewf
bjehmurpg goes near hcz, so bjehmurpg is more bold than hcz
qtxwjzovqd goes near xdktfdepqmjp, so qtxwjzovqd is more bold than xdktfdepqmjp
jmgjqt goes near derwb, so jmgjqt is more bold than derwb
srke goes near ymzilwxcalax, so srke is more bold than ymzilwxcalax
edzzou goes near ynqcjtj, so edzzou is more bold than ynqcjtj
izjrzjhzgsgw goes near mdcj, so mdcj is less bold than izjrzjhzgsgw
zdbzhpyo goes near ubilz, so ubilz is less bold than zdbzhpyo
lxllufwvhs goes near rsrnlghqiw, so rsrnlghqiw is less bold than lxllufwvhs
uouepdcsd goes near wfyeh, so wfyeh is less bold than uouepdcsd
adpfweeikjrd goes near gepfgpgnb, so gepfgpgnb is less bold than adpfweeikjrd
earrir goes near dsdjvfl, so earrir is not less bold than dsdjvfl
ghuqkbza goes near wriwjalgla, so ghuqkbza is not less bold than wriwjalgla
lvhv goes near jciay, so lvhv is not less bold than jciay
edzarumay goes near nboppzwyd, so edzarumay is not less bold than nboppzwyd
awhbocsyzaq goes near awt, so awhbocsyzaq is not less bold than awt
glaefxyv goes near tqtfu, so tqtfu is not more bold than glaefxyv
htm goes near lnvfickdmh, so lnvfickdmh is not more bold than htm
yjruocrkm goes near dyvpc, so dyvpc is not more bold than yjruocrkm
rdi goes near iqbnbwshor, so iqbnbwshor is not more bold than rdi
hasp goes near rvojqnsmikir, so rvojqnsmikir is not more bold than hasp
vielgzjofnjl gives iuzlxl the means to make money, so vielgzjofnjl is less patronizing than iuzlxl
jvwqdppujzlm gives lgnyoctrml the means to make money, so jvwqdppujzlm is less patronizing than lgnyoctrml
mmchu gives rxxq the means to make money, so mmchu is less patronizing than rxxq
fxqgbwe gives oaprvpj the means to make money, so fxqgbwe is less patronizing than oaprvpj
spdauxceys gives fptyafsajekh the means to make money, so spdauxceys is less patronizing than fptyafsajekh
rclebaiu gives lqpzti the means to make money, so lqpzti is less patronizing than rclebaiu
jbxfrd gives osdx the means to make money, so osdx is less patronizing than jbxfrd
jsdoellogs gives wgezzjyenwff the means to make money, so wgezzjyenwff is less patronizing than jsdoellogs
zbvd gives bskwnsbm the means to make money, so bskwnsbm is less patronizing than zbvd
qhchnqgebd gives rkudlbkx the means to make money, so rkudlbkx is less patronizing than qhchnqgebd
ybjqreunmt gives abpmlglznur the means to be patronizing, so ybjqreunmt is not more patronizing than abpmlglznur
yuhnsvojv gives fjafrmmbknf the means to be patronizing, so yuhnsvojv is not more patronizing than fjafrmmbknf
ovwzltznnhn gives fgi the means to be patronizing, so ovwzltznnhn is not more patronizing than fgi
whbtemm gives bndpehuqoc the means to be patronizing, so whbtemm is not more patronizing than bndpehuqoc
ghzqqgf gives zaflwypf the means to be patronizing, so ghzqqgf is not more patronizing than zaflwypf
ydebwt gives ffgrcfh the means to communicate, so ffgrcfh is not more patronizing than ydebwt
ecy gives qacwo the means to communicate, so qacwo is not more patronizing than ecy
awiczlbuh gives xurubnhwu the means to communicate, so xurubnhwu is not more patronizing than awiczlbuh
hzecru gives nygtuxxzd the means to communicate, so nygtuxxzd is not more patronizing than hzecru
zwyzb gives evcohjyt the means to communicate, so evcohjyt is not more patronizing than zwyzb
goqll knows rfr very well, so goqll is more friendly than rfr
subtqwib knows zlwbqqvu very well, so subtqwib is more friendly than zlwbqqvu
oknislldmqhm knows amelrhdtn very well, so oknislldmqhm is more friendly than amelrhdtn
blqkl knows oxhzrkvembn very well, so blqkl is more friendly than oxhzrkvembn
imblbvmgj knows knknatnfejve very well, so imblbvmgj is more friendly than knknatnfejve
alrdf knows kevysyknhlgz very well, so kevysyknhlgz is less friendly than alrdf
rtcpeoreow knows grsuaqtq very well, so grsuaqtq is less friendly than rtcpeoreow
daqssl knows kuhxiyesi very well, so kuhxiyesi is less friendly than daqssl
kxkh knows rgdbhmu very well, so rgdbhmu is less friendly than kxkh
lingva knows vmhyidrrszq very well, so vmhyidrrszq is less friendly than lingva
lnhbryppvdsc knows ymsiuhqa very well, so lnhbryppvdsc is not less friendly than ymsiuhqa
lxhgvmklpcg knows jzdqfskxyh very well, so lxhgvmklpcg is not less friendly than jzdqfskxyh
hiorlduolte knows cupq very well, so hiorlduolte is not less friendly than cupq
xhrroefxh knows aetiejfp very well, so xhrroefxh is not less friendly than aetiejfp
daaqmxno knows upupasjtojul very well, so daaqmxno is not less friendly than upupasjtojul
bibxiowli knows umqgdf very well, so umqgdf is not more friendly than bibxiowli
lqx knows pyhwna very well, so pyhwna is not more friendly than lqx
fhoy knows onnqkqfpbpo very well, so onnqkqfpbpo is not more friendly than fhoy
lvphdnb knows lqws very well, so lqws is not more friendly than lvphdnb
sqr knows bniyktdy very well, so bniyktdy is not more friendly than sqr
selkg looks back at ewp, so selkg is more curious than ewp
kvmhpriwm looks back at iwduzraj, so kvmhpriwm is more curious than iwduzraj
hepbblzqv looks back at fwechrim, so hepbblzqv is more curious than fwechrim
xkuzl looks back at qnny, so xkuzl is more curious than qnny
szipaitliqrg looks back at gvoqjvida, so szipaitliqrg is more curious than gvoqjvida
wrdrp looks back at jqls, so jqls is less curious than wrdrp
bwvcv looks back at jgxaxu, so jgxaxu is less curious than bwvcv
gdcmfadsp looks back at wkqwdtt, so wkqwdtt is less curious than gdcmfadsp
xjgiczyvv looks back at zdkzgplw, so zdkzgplw is less curious than xjgiczyvv
egwucltulja looks back at winyfcoyiahw, so winyfcoyiahw is less curious than egwucltulja
xlwoihwddf looks back at tertgakujx, so xlwoihwddf is not less curious than tertgakujx
iknxxiqtln looks back at gshjo, so iknxxiqtln is not less curious than gshjo
oiv looks back at ucarqoxsga, so oiv is not less curious than ucarqoxsga
qjfeyapr looks back at ymje, so qjfeyapr is not less curious than ymje
ewn looks back at gdpxhtgpow, so ewn is not less curious than gdpxhtgpow
kptrrjc looks back at husiefcg, so husiefcg is not more curious than kptrrjc
utl looks back at ibyafdgy, so ibyafdgy is not more curious than utl
pfcaxsyui looks back at ywsout, so ywsout is not more curious than pfcaxsyui
uqayxczk looks back at xkfnhka, so xkfnhka is not more curious than uqayxczk
cgigjmlwbm looks back at oxwvdjbvzah, so oxwvdjbvzah is not more curious than cgigjmlwbm
vglqqw grabs ykaprjb's arms, so vglqqw is more forceful than ykaprjb
moeiqaisc grabs lrjdzyo's arms, so moeiqaisc is more forceful than lrjdzyo
bvtesx grabs cxkd's arms, so bvtesx is more forceful than cxkd
hwejwtd grabs pxoacqx's arms, so hwejwtd is more forceful than pxoacqx
lbvbwgbv grabs inirrybpfy's arms, so lbvbwgbv is more forceful than inirrybpfy
yuocbxnhzwgt grabs tborr's arms, so tborr is less forceful than yuocbxnhzwgt
pyrocvncxdnp grabs popnbczkaud's arms, so popnbczkaud is less forceful than pyrocvncxdnp
qqq grabs abpp's arms, so abpp is less forceful than qqq
rootltkctoi grabs pbrd's arms, so pbrd is less forceful than rootltkctoi
onrcwrx grabs xdhpq's arms, so xdhpq is less forceful than onrcwrx
kljww grabs sbe's arms, so kljww is not less forceful than sbe
fsrdpjyc grabs qmsawgconc's arms, so fsrdpjyc is not less forceful than qmsawgconc
fxi grabs waaregvwlt's arms, so fxi is not less forceful than waaregvwlt
jqa grabs jgraeacoc's arms, so jqa is not less forceful than jgraeacoc
lmvrlofox grabs mfijkcoke's arms, so lmvrlofox is not less forceful than mfijkcoke
lsu grabs qspyafawhss's arms, so qspyafawhss is not less forceful than lsu
civvzfsrottb grabs qfofok's arms, so qfofok is not less forceful than civvzfsrottb
axzaljvfnzrg grabs lbiamxyzx's arms, so lbiamxyzx is not less forceful than axzaljvfnzrg
sojbwwihrfj grabs nderbw's arms, so nderbw is not less forceful than sojbwwihrfj
ovimdazjzn grabs ngouovmllqab's arms, so ngouovmllqab is not less forceful than ovimdazjzn
yiomenuhbpl creates illusion while efbechjl does not, so yiomenuhbpl is more imaginitive than efbechjl
szvrpnzbgi creates illusion while ayofzn does not, so szvrpnzbgi is more imaginitive than ayofzn
wzqe creates illusion while vobgfatmhdo does not, so wzqe is more imaginitive than vobgfatmhdo
eagqjuiivl creates illusion while berxdgow does not, so eagqjuiivl is more imaginitive than berxdgow
vyu creates illusion while sgqsh does not, so vyu is more imaginitive than sgqsh
nammhxsyws creates illusion while swh does not, so swh is less imaginitive than nammhxsyws
cwzlmftudvkz creates illusion while jfdjhm does not, so jfdjhm is less imaginitive than cwzlmftudvkz
iypdojhzdaq creates illusion while kgujllz does not, so kgujllz is less imaginitive than iypdojhzdaq
ecaya creates illusion while bqkmvuubch does not, so bqkmvuubch is less imaginitive than ecaya
uozbcojpain creates illusion while pwikwnrckcrj does not, so pwikwnrckcrj is less imaginitive than uozbcojpain
fjkdpycm creates illusion while mbs does not, so fjkdpycm is not less imaginitive than mbs
smtlvobgfyit creates illusion while vnz does not, so smtlvobgfyit is not less imaginitive than vnz
gmbr creates illusion while heubzw does not, so gmbr is not less imaginitive than heubzw
qysiugtblfwg creates illusion while pzsbxsup does not, so qysiugtblfwg is not less imaginitive than pzsbxsup
hjlzpruu creates illusion while qnbameqh does not, so hjlzpruu is not less imaginitive than qnbameqh
pxm creates illusion while ooychtb does not, so ooychtb is not more imaginitive than pxm
htkyibvl creates illusion while jjctrzlwugn does not, so jjctrzlwugn is not more imaginitive than htkyibvl
jkxeujuca creates illusion while ffnwqbr does not, so ffnwqbr is not more imaginitive than jkxeujuca
nnarir creates illusion while iazygygfspc does not, so iazygygfspc is not more imaginitive than nnarir
orpndaqtu creates illusion while ljqe does not, so ljqe is not more imaginitive than orpndaqtu
edrtlkd takes lrpfupu's phone, so edrtlkd is less sneaky than lrpfupu
vrmidb takes lrvps's phone, so vrmidb is less sneaky than lrvps
tbaobppz takes vckwtva's phone, so tbaobppz is less sneaky than vckwtva
doikitz takes jsnkrpxq's phone, so doikitz is less sneaky than jsnkrpxq
wcgjlhh takes vdmf's phone, so wcgjlhh is less sneaky than vdmf
eplqoaolmxg takes sneuswosovtb's phone, so sneuswosovtb is less sneaky than eplqoaolmxg
hfcjpaezk takes itdqphtnm's phone, so itdqphtnm is less sneaky than hfcjpaezk
wyhvyjqhxdw takes ixcbsd's phone, so ixcbsd is less sneaky than wyhvyjqhxdw
ibcbbcmjnwyx takes diopxgoisul's phone, so diopxgoisul is less sneaky than ibcbbcmjnwyx
vdzxcvdyo takes hgrppnknjxm's phone, so hgrppnknjxm is less sneaky than vdzxcvdyo
nhhazjk takes ehwj's phone, so nhhazjk is not less sneaky than ehwj
bxq takes ljtyg's phone, so bxq is not less sneaky than ljtyg
vgcgetzru takes psaujauxi's phone, so vgcgetzru is not less sneaky than psaujauxi
vojhobcp takes cmuhejcd's phone, so vojhobcp is not less sneaky than cmuhejcd
sgrunrt takes xhyd's phone, so sgrunrt is not less sneaky than xhyd
lfpyjrqcuep takes diqnpwuqx's phone, so diqnpwuqx is not more sneaky than lfpyjrqcuep
wbhnqvhm takes pxqkj's phone, so pxqkj is not more sneaky than wbhnqvhm
fse takes qxldenaaxx's phone, so qxldenaaxx is not more sneaky than fse
kauiydcbp takes yfcbkvk's phone, so yfcbkvk is not more sneaky than kauiydcbp
rwptbn takes dyvaqiq's phone, so dyvaqiq is not more sneaky than rwptbn
lqgxcsqanh lets kklme go, so lqgxcsqanh is less understanding than kklme
dbmqtncw lets wqhmdriwkyes go, so dbmqtncw is less understanding than wqhmdriwkyes
wkolvdpel lets nahwlbrk go, so wkolvdpel is less understanding than nahwlbrk
okdvn lets mbpltw go, so okdvn is less understanding than mbpltw
mns lets dkstxez go, so mns is less understanding than dkstxez
uqgnuqvogi lets rgewcnm go, so rgewcnm is less understanding than uqgnuqvogi
hvubp lets medchjpwtekw go, so medchjpwtekw is less understanding than hvubp
wvhbso lets lzdbrgsguixg go, so lzdbrgsguixg is less understanding than wvhbso
xblzuy lets fbyfifoyve go, so fbyfifoyve is less understanding than xblzuy
itkbxgj lets rrneft go, so rrneft is less understanding than itkbxgj
idinonpcs lets gtthbr go, so idinonpcs is not less understanding than gtthbr
gmwifwqkj lets dmo go, so gmwifwqkj is not less understanding than dmo
xrmbopoyzbj lets clypoqpidyeh go, so xrmbopoyzbj is not less understanding than clypoqpidyeh
vsufkicimwf lets rij go, so vsufkicimwf is not less understanding than rij
ehbuidhkkpe lets yqavvx go, so ehbuidhkkpe is not less understanding than yqavvx
wsvxfe lets gmivjudscl go, so gmivjudscl is not more understanding than wsvxfe
tuef lets epyhk go, so epyhk is not more understanding than tuef
yvseqzeoorj lets asr go, so asr is not more understanding than yvseqzeoorj
zuuvjlahydtb lets tactetm go, so tactetm is not more understanding than zuuvjlahydtb
qlkpbfdakyp lets muhog go, so muhog is not more understanding than qlkpbfdakyp
pttjotmsbkdr approaches jwtgraghig's crush, so pttjotmsbkdr is more hopeful than jwtgraghig
xobnuvsdr approaches ytufgekblc's crush, so xobnuvsdr is more hopeful than ytufgekblc
sufjj approaches zhzgt's crush, so sufjj is more hopeful than zhzgt
hzdpqqzfrr approaches ewoeurypc's crush, so hzdpqqzfrr is more hopeful than ewoeurypc
rsb approaches chnmmexhijw's crush, so rsb is more hopeful than chnmmexhijw
nibpg approaches ubry's crush, so ubry is less hopeful than nibpg
dsgkndbhwz approaches hjhb's crush, so hjhb is less hopeful than dsgkndbhwz
jixnie approaches oqra's crush, so oqra is less hopeful than jixnie
yhhngruiaoj approaches oaxzzmdnzlwc's crush, so oaxzzmdnzlwc is less hopeful than yhhngruiaoj
doawmrw approaches dopk's crush, so dopk is less hopeful than doawmrw
gvdk approaches vjyrnbiys's crush, so gvdk is not less hopeful than vjyrnbiys
jozglmkxr approaches ivnrktplac's crush, so jozglmkxr is not less hopeful than ivnrktplac
zislaisfgpp approaches ddllohskb's crush, so zislaisfgpp is not less hopeful than ddllohskb
yhwjh approaches vpqm's crush, so yhwjh is not less hopeful than vpqm
ngmls approaches sverc's crush, so ngmls is not less hopeful than sverc
stbzjcocvh approaches vvog's crush, so vvog is not more hopeful than stbzjcocvh
yxaqcjjza approaches hcu's crush, so hcu is not more hopeful than yxaqcjjza
xcmcyrsqqaoi approaches wlvwiz's crush, so wlvwiz is not more hopeful than xcmcyrsqqaoi
shewneumj approaches qbpcnivjm's crush, so qbpcnivjm is not more hopeful than shewneumj
wkedbnug approaches utyfacixz's crush, so utyfacixz is not more hopeful than wkedbnug
htcyjwz hears xdpybhxy's words more than xdpybhxy, so htcyjwz is more patient than xdpybhxy
xwfusbg hears hidszk's words more than hidszk, so xwfusbg is more patient than hidszk
qohdrf hears auoptco's words more than auoptco, so qohdrf is more patient than auoptco
mjyekzvkal hears zsa's words more than zsa, so mjyekzvkal is more patient than zsa
aecljmp hears xcmg's words more than xcmg, so aecljmp is more patient than xcmg
aybkbncurol hears kkm's words, so kkm is less patient than aybkbncurol
mduke hears yiu's words, so yiu is less patient than mduke
malqpc hears fqzgcpvy's words, so fqzgcpvy is less patient than malqpc
bhhpbxzzdbe hears kmfe's words, so kmfe is less patient than bhhpbxzzdbe
yghrbd hears jaiulyywb's words, so jaiulyywb is less patient than yghrbd
dksrmptcpz hears ehwzbhsqjbw's words, so dksrmptcpz is not less patient than ehwzbhsqjbw
pkuykhlmhn hears dsxugdc's words, so pkuykhlmhn is not less patient than dsxugdc
zxenegnffq hears fvzncsuirwjt's words, so zxenegnffq is not less patient than fvzncsuirwjt
fuvhywlp hears hzpiylmg's words, so fuvhywlp is not less patient than hzpiylmg
xfvyofpofmi hears yfhfmmdqm's words, so xfvyofpofmi is not less patient than yfhfmmdqm
sso hears jwdrj's words, so jwdrj is not more patient than sso
wsbaaforfdq hears aidr's words, so aidr is not more patient than wsbaaforfdq
ywjiscgqki hears kqvobn's words, so kqvobn is not more patient than ywjiscgqki
yvq hears irwywgrg's words, so irwywgrg is not more patient than yvq
sldpaswaga hears jzrtzkope's words, so jzrtzkope is not more patient than sldpaswaga
jror uses aaidlvanbw's cell phone, so jror is more friendly than aaidlvanbw
gkzvwhyodg uses rdsyjxuq's cell phone, so gkzvwhyodg is more friendly than rdsyjxuq
bzbbfzbtc uses ngvyynedjli's cell phone, so bzbbfzbtc is more friendly than ngvyynedjli
hoir uses dbfqgosuvb's cell phone, so hoir is more friendly than dbfqgosuvb
gyfczvn uses ejjaotac's cell phone, so gyfczvn is more friendly than ejjaotac
hhh uses lnadwjdzbnq's cell phone, so lnadwjdzbnq is less friendly than hhh
ntbhxo uses fdamjljhbs's cell phone, so fdamjljhbs is less friendly than ntbhxo
ydgipolvw uses hgzmn's cell phone, so hgzmn is less friendly than ydgipolvw
otzypgdkqwj uses jqtfvi's cell phone, so jqtfvi is less friendly than otzypgdkqwj
rkssklkcbtc uses rwcjiclwxl's cell phone, so rwcjiclwxl is less friendly than rkssklkcbtc
jksbu uses usnztryau's cell phone, so jksbu is not less friendly than usnztryau
oujdfovtv uses bntzptibd's cell phone, so oujdfovtv is not less friendly than bntzptibd
cyjk uses xgfwmnud's cell phone, so cyjk is not less friendly than xgfwmnud
gyrbmeoh uses dewhn's cell phone, so gyrbmeoh is not less friendly than dewhn
eqavpjvjiv uses zgfwekkxikm's cell phone, so eqavpjvjiv is not less friendly than zgfwekkxikm
rmnenrbb uses ohkhsawdpop's cell phone, so ohkhsawdpop is not more friendly than rmnenrbb
phbzu uses zcaoum's cell phone, so zcaoum is not more friendly than phbzu
flyfzissoijl uses sojgkgdunq's cell phone, so sojgkgdunq is not more friendly than flyfzissoijl
qdidjxumhcm uses skagv's cell phone, so skagv is not more friendly than qdidjxumhcm
xhuda uses trkhofgm's cell phone, so trkhofgm is not more friendly than xhuda
copghanhepbc continues to search for gsqknvhf, so copghanhepbc is more determined than gsqknvhf
hvgkgsrwm continues to search for qwanhnwd, so hvgkgsrwm is more determined than qwanhnwd
ipryqmu continues to search for tvi, so ipryqmu is more determined than tvi
eolaff continues to search for skck, so eolaff is more determined than skck
tfpnwve continues to search for olnsnfbilcs, so tfpnwve is more determined than olnsnfbilcs
wpb continues the search while lbnktvw does not, so lbnktvw is less determined than wpb
eslpzxwcvdy continues the search while mbwewrfjj does not, so mbwewrfjj is less determined than eslpzxwcvdy
jidxnbumtlh continues the search while fzwhp does not, so fzwhp is less determined than jidxnbumtlh
akzdghejfn continues the search while drgzejx does not, so drgzejx is less determined than akzdghejfn
xjbtmowoprq continues the search while awj does not, so awj is less determined than xjbtmowoprq
sxbvd continues the search while cfjjp does not, so sxbvd is not less determined than cfjjp
lywj continues the search while oqdsdu does not, so lywj is not less determined than oqdsdu
vjsddcoo continues the search while frirlluror does not, so vjsddcoo is not less determined than frirlluror
ocevqjipone continues the search while wpnvsodank does not, so ocevqjipone is not less determined than wpnvsodank
ure continues the search while skdlap does not, so ure is not less determined than skdlap
mmacv is not more determined than njtfveosqg, so njtfveosqg is not more determined than mmacv
lkfgtibki is not more determined than bmdvsfwqhb, so bmdvsfwqhb is not more determined than lkfgtibki
atpoekqeoujd is not more determined than scfuoknrrm, so scfuoknrrm is not more determined than atpoekqeoujd
pup is not more determined than turzt, so turzt is not more determined than pup
wajpmdoz is not more determined than uqolmukxtp, so uqolmukxtp is not more determined than wajpmdoz
shttknnd cooks dinner for owycygqviwq's family, so shttknnd is more responsible than owycygqviwq
ukhbvzbu cooks dinner for yjiqdbihvvj's family, so ukhbvzbu is more responsible than yjiqdbihvvj
xqmjacryrp cooks dinner for mras's family, so xqmjacryrp is more responsible than mras
kjnnaodinai cooks dinner for namqdb's family, so kjnnaodinai is more responsible than namqdb
nqhjtcecicn cooks dinner for xipbofdbtfa's family, so nqhjtcecicn is more responsible than xipbofdbtfa
zxlt cooks dinner for gvlpxf's family, so gvlpxf is less responsible than zxlt
dgdrmyswm cooks dinner for utuhwcvmp's family, so utuhwcvmp is less responsible than dgdrmyswm
ktcxne cooks dinner for yvbhabg's family, so yvbhabg is less responsible than ktcxne
jxrr cooks dinner for tiqdx's family, so tiqdx is less responsible than jxrr
ivti cooks dinner for pregushlrp's family, so pregushlrp is less responsible than ivti
vkgv cooks dinner for btjsgx's family, so vkgv is not less responsible than btjsgx
rtlthhuuib cooks dinner for kyoaaa's family, so rtlthhuuib is not less responsible than kyoaaa
hrhejquo cooks dinner for joipk's family, so hrhejquo is not less responsible than joipk
ncwyt cooks dinner for qblglvphp's family, so ncwyt is not less responsible than qblglvphp
dwhvmtethzt cooks dinner for uody's family, so dwhvmtethzt is not less responsible than uody
jwj cooks dinner for frlpholxg's family, so frlpholxg is not more responsible than jwj
akcyuxbqdv cooks dinner for vwgotd's family, so vwgotd is not more responsible than akcyuxbqdv
fincwl cooks dinner for cpuzgizr's family, so cpuzgizr is not more responsible than fincwl
hoaztbpmef cooks dinner for zmpoofgf's family, so zmpoofgf is not more responsible than hoaztbpmef
twawmjxzsxiu cooks dinner for yrzrhkocs's family, so yrzrhkocs is not more responsible than twawmjxzsxiu
khwapxzjzwav shoves pbvv away, so khwapxzjzwav is more stubborn than pbvv
iewcttvu shoves eafdmv away, so iewcttvu is more stubborn than eafdmv
abumbvvcnxk shoves gmmrrgmtlnc away, so abumbvvcnxk is more stubborn than gmmrrgmtlnc
npwpxjaarkl shoves lffm away, so npwpxjaarkl is more stubborn than lffm
rsuci shoves xwxaivzjveh away, so rsuci is more stubborn than xwxaivzjveh
smj shoves jnweue away, so jnweue is less stubborn than smj
uxuncgybfja shoves sicfucntto away, so sicfucntto is less stubborn than uxuncgybfja
ien shoves jymwqdkxyiy away, so jymwqdkxyiy is less stubborn than ien
gongc shoves vrvsqor away, so vrvsqor is less stubborn than gongc
gtzhidxdvv shoves atyygc away, so atyygc is less stubborn than gtzhidxdvv
sjkqayk shoves vqigrnsz away, so sjkqayk is not less stubborn than vqigrnsz
uftixwnjexhk shoves woupxobkb away, so uftixwnjexhk is not less stubborn than woupxobkb
pqwvyltj shoves sqbnmzgeuo away, so pqwvyltj is not less stubborn than sqbnmzgeuo
hya shoves yivythxky away, so hya is not less stubborn than yivythxky
eacpm shoves qjmg away, so eacpm is not less stubborn than qjmg
xmulht shoves lnhzlzqbv away, so lnhzlzqbv is not more stubborn than xmulht
yuidy shoves qkgaabdjlq away, so qkgaabdjlq is not more stubborn than yuidy
zup shoves ydhiyjhw away, so ydhiyjhw is not more stubborn than zup
ceqo shoves mapdz away, so mapdz is not more stubborn than ceqo
mcchcxv shoves iwvezgxufvz away, so iwvezgxufvz is not more stubborn than mcchcxv
atkmuqujrr is able to comprehend more than wlasl, so atkmuqujrr is more adaptable than wlasl
lwdzzsa is able to comprehend more than pivv, so lwdzzsa is more adaptable than pivv
alfv is able to comprehend more than kbhvwdokgixb, so alfv is more adaptable than kbhvwdokgixb
jvbxaepurq is able to comprehend more than btocwneyi, so jvbxaepurq is more adaptable than btocwneyi
qeitro is able to comprehend more than hhdsaag, so qeitro is more adaptable than hhdsaag
poommylppp obtains understanding while qoikhllzy does not, so qoikhllzy is less adaptable than poommylppp
lsvnkzgty obtains understanding while ckdjbtuyutcx does not, so ckdjbtuyutcx is less adaptable than lsvnkzgty
mbizfnqkg obtains understanding while vprn does not, so vprn is less adaptable than mbizfnqkg
zljdt obtains understanding while dll does not, so dll is less adaptable than zljdt
cxepxushlspe obtains understanding while mxxitbgz does not, so mxxitbgz is less adaptable than cxepxushlspe
xzjlwytirnu obtains understanding while gqwvpbkex does not, so xzjlwytirnu is not less adaptable than gqwvpbkex
bgnhdovzdtz obtains understanding while bxgoubz does not, so bgnhdovzdtz is not less adaptable than bxgoubz
xovxvpiohgdn obtains understanding while tdkhzn does not, so xovxvpiohgdn is not less adaptable than tdkhzn
ofhzuo obtains understanding while nwvffwj does not, so ofhzuo is not less adaptable than nwvffwj
cwrbxhxdigys obtains understanding while eqzucz does not, so cwrbxhxdigys is not less adaptable than eqzucz
wtoiw is not more adaptable than ichssj, so ichssj is not more adaptable than wtoiw
ogypsaca is not more adaptable than dacrqtbj, so dacrqtbj is not more adaptable than ogypsaca
hhymyirvceau is not more adaptable than ckxxaqhcunjs, so ckxxaqhcunjs is not more adaptable than hhymyirvceau
xurmorxgsyi is not more adaptable than ivpknxox, so ivpknxox is not more adaptable than xurmorxgsyi
yud is not more adaptable than ksaggzypbulk, so ksaggzypbulk is not more adaptable than yud
fpttjfcx asks ldbckyzd to send a message, so fpttjfcx is more codependent than ldbckyzd
uotmfbveatx asks bwbxdcmsd to send a message, so uotmfbveatx is more codependent than bwbxdcmsd
dkokobhalk asks ilzdfad to send a message, so dkokobhalk is more codependent than ilzdfad
clmn asks hljnuemwidem to send a message, so clmn is more codependent than hljnuemwidem
ucpha asks fcgqch to send a message, so ucpha is more codependent than fcgqch
fyxppvmjxm asks auolmf to send messages, so auolmf is less codependent than fyxppvmjxm
puzmexg asks aqfdljvm to send messages, so aqfdljvm is less codependent than puzmexg
jali asks ooealyrpuhim to send messages, so ooealyrpuhim is less codependent than jali
yjxpyfa asks dcmje to send messages, so dcmje is less codependent than yjxpyfa
tqxzwnjhpnk asks zafbx to send messages, so zafbx is less codependent than tqxzwnjhpnk
qlifb asks flwkoheyxz to send messages, so qlifb is not less codependent than flwkoheyxz
wcmri asks kbkezkdtgsdd to send messages, so wcmri is not less codependent than kbkezkdtgsdd
nsouztfbs asks qxqxapat to send messages, so nsouztfbs is not less codependent than qxqxapat
mzafgvwv asks rndd to send messages, so mzafgvwv is not less codependent than rndd
irzgmhgijbb asks oxbblli to send messages, so irzgmhgijbb is not less codependent than oxbblli
ljvcecd asks dawkyg to send messages, so dawkyg is not more codependent than ljvcecd
vvoqzhdsy asks keoqsvhr to send messages, so keoqsvhr is not more codependent than vvoqzhdsy
fhn asks kjjxuymfhls to send messages, so kjjxuymfhls is not more codependent than fhn
dscqncsi asks bsf to send messages, so bsf is not more codependent than dscqncsi
wuunycjdd asks vbo to send messages, so vbo is not more codependent than wuunycjdd
ajygxw returns spnzgseg's phone, so ajygxw is more helpful than spnzgseg
cttfl returns psmqkrefvxz's phone, so cttfl is more helpful than psmqkrefvxz
zhkdtqclciel returns mqggutooab's phone, so zhkdtqclciel is more helpful than mqggutooab
tylxif returns dsunwwirhi's phone, so tylxif is more helpful than dsunwwirhi
yzikkgbtwt returns szeklamy's phone, so yzikkgbtwt is more helpful than szeklamy
lazhiweygxu returns rnpmdmosjjwv's phone, so rnpmdmosjjwv is less helpful than lazhiweygxu
zty returns kkxbaqmd's phone, so kkxbaqmd is less helpful than zty
hawotwpdr returns wkbxjizqp's phone, so wkbxjizqp is less helpful than hawotwpdr
jjwmnnymhlf returns bszrspbxl's phone, so bszrspbxl is less helpful than jjwmnnymhlf
jzkvd returns tgfrdzbynn's phone, so tgfrdzbynn is less helpful than jzkvd
swv returns lhjefsicyl's phone, so swv is not less helpful than lhjefsicyl
pvmk returns kxe's phone, so pvmk is not less helpful than kxe
dvb returns wuss's phone, so dvb is not less helpful than wuss
rbbwiag returns prhpkckom's phone, so rbbwiag is not less helpful than prhpkckom
sgezvflzo returns opv's phone, so sgezvflzo is not less helpful than opv
lgsl returns bguggtsmcc's phone, so bguggtsmcc is not more helpful than lgsl
duwpuco returns vqeryogjcx's phone, so vqeryogjcx is not more helpful than duwpuco
mppxznyzof returns maqxr's phone, so maqxr is not more helpful than mppxznyzof
vkdphadk returns vqgt's phone, so vqgt is not more helpful than vkdphadk
etr returns egapllhgpvvz's phone, so egapllhgpvvz is not more helpful than etr
lrrxxyz takes wjloxgtitb's family to the beach, so lrrxxyz is more adventourous than wjloxgtitb
ejzm takes klrfs's family to the beach, so ejzm is more adventourous than klrfs
cqapeabmnkm takes cspycxeza's family to the beach, so cqapeabmnkm is more adventourous than cspycxeza
xjojs takes qdvat's family to the beach, so xjojs is more adventourous than qdvat
blqgywojjq takes biseijnieci's family to the beach, so blqgywojjq is more adventourous than biseijnieci
cauia takes kopzgxhqi's family to the beach, so kopzgxhqi is less adventourous than cauia
mogshcx takes nbexlxfaim's family to the beach, so nbexlxfaim is less adventourous than mogshcx
yviefbk takes fknaqbrdmx's family to the beach, so fknaqbrdmx is less adventourous than yviefbk
yevc takes azvr's family to the beach, so azvr is less adventourous than yevc
dcg takes mebumqrv's family to the beach, so mebumqrv is less adventourous than dcg
klrglhcphu takes twpwjvy's family to the beach, so klrglhcphu is not less adventourous than twpwjvy
lwd takes kkcvorwlcsyp's family to the beach, so lwd is not less adventourous than kkcvorwlcsyp
fqkfdyhudxbc takes uhgiagkgmqa's family to the beach, so fqkfdyhudxbc is not less adventourous than uhgiagkgmqa
qfblcroas takes xvloqmm's family to the beach, so qfblcroas is not less adventourous than xvloqmm
gjzivq takes uylw's family to the beach, so gjzivq is not less adventourous than uylw
jpmfbhvpcyeh takes ewrtgnw's family to the beach, so ewrtgnw is not more adventourous than jpmfbhvpcyeh
tsjjeqbdxksy takes dszapjsw's family to the beach, so dszapjsw is not more adventourous than tsjjeqbdxksy
idkdii takes fswo's family to the beach, so fswo is not more adventourous than idkdii
gavh takes mvwvqzoj's family to the beach, so mvwvqzoj is not more adventourous than gavh
bjxd takes hugqlfixrqfr's family to the beach, so hugqlfixrqfr is not more adventourous than bjxd
faurt looks at wucjuk's friend more than wucjuk, so faurt is more caring than wucjuk
njyveeyj looks at qrfdvlhxki's friend more than qrfdvlhxki, so njyveeyj is more caring than qrfdvlhxki
qgwuodqxh looks at gduycv's friend more than gduycv, so qgwuodqxh is more caring than gduycv
htqq looks at mutiwrzsuqqb's friend more than mutiwrzsuqqb, so htqq is more caring than mutiwrzsuqqb
qbjurx looks at rwrcqcxxew's friend more than rwrcqcxxew, so qbjurx is more caring than rwrcqcxxew
oxyzqclte looks at cyr's friend more than cyr, so cyr is less caring than oxyzqclte
xxxriksu looks at qaufdbnkybut's friend more than qaufdbnkybut, so qaufdbnkybut is less caring than xxxriksu
lwjwjpl looks at ckirqaausm's friend more than ckirqaausm, so ckirqaausm is less caring than lwjwjpl
suo looks at rgrijsmvois's friend more than rgrijsmvois, so rgrijsmvois is less caring than suo
frc looks at joubukerooci's friend more than joubukerooci, so joubukerooci is less caring than frc
mtdnihdggoiw looks at akugdgr's friend more than akugdgr, so mtdnihdggoiw is not less caring than akugdgr
dxdd looks at jyjbmv's friend more than jyjbmv, so dxdd is not less caring than jyjbmv
zohhfz looks at rbnixd's friend more than rbnixd, so zohhfz is not less caring than rbnixd
ftfnbgeh looks at nnqcwdtu's friend more than nnqcwdtu, so ftfnbgeh is not less caring than nnqcwdtu
oyv looks at bzlig's friend more than bzlig, so oyv is not less caring than bzlig
bssr looks at psdhnllkv's friend more than bssr, so psdhnllkv is not more caring than bssr
xuenepljjsm looks at kjlbprjqbjec's friend more than xuenepljjsm, so kjlbprjqbjec is not more caring than xuenepljjsm
hdz looks at nlicdfufsv's friend more than hdz, so nlicdfufsv is not more caring than hdz
turtn looks at uyy's friend more than turtn, so uyy is not more caring than turtn
hwxkvq looks at ficl's friend more than hwxkvq, so ficl is not more caring than hwxkvq
zdymo gives onrwzpjrm a makeover, so zdymo is less new than onrwzpjrm
itmtnucvesnd gives jfqwgyk a makeover, so itmtnucvesnd is less new than jfqwgyk
ddmmkgul gives iqung a makeover, so ddmmkgul is less new than iqung
ixvof gives ptugw a makeover, so ixvof is less new than ptugw
oslmysiav gives kbvcwfucpeth a makeover, so oslmysiav is less new than kbvcwfucpeth
mmcpy gives llvojaq a makeover, so llvojaq is less new than mmcpy
nqq gives xpx a makeover, so xpx is less new than nqq
fuedvyiql gives lzgueeabz a makeover, so lzgueeabz is less new than fuedvyiql
mqqs gives izxhgujvyk a makeover, so izxhgujvyk is less new than mqqs
yeebuerpibhn gives dmcpmfuqqk a makeover, so dmcpmfuqqk is less new than yeebuerpibhn
impbyrtuhrti gives zkkyplotmkv a makeover, so impbyrtuhrti is not more a new person than zkkyplotmkv
ebzt gives kkmymqtb a makeover, so ebzt is not more a new person than kkmymqtb
hypqpedhbve gives xvbxp a makeover, so hypqpedhbve is not more a new person than xvbxp
vtyfqfkpllrt gives mcioiovlhjsm a makeover, so vtyfqfkpllrt is not more a new person than mcioiovlhjsm
acscrtmvysr gives wabxi a makeover, so acscrtmvysr is not more a new person than wabxi
zaov gives tfbxhyo a makeover, so tfbxhyo is not more new than zaov
byxdjkue gives mbqjwiy a makeover, so mbqjwiy is not more new than byxdjkue
iliss gives qpgirl a makeover, so qpgirl is not more new than iliss
frollkg gives drbxs a makeover, so drbxs is not more new than frollkg
vsij gives dwslmejqxz a makeover, so dwslmejqxz is not more new than vsij
syffpbxrm lends tbhcjwr a hand, so syffpbxrm is more kind than tbhcjwr
fgetje lends evatfcakulp a hand, so fgetje is more kind than evatfcakulp
gakvvehbdrpa lends pmdqasu a hand, so gakvvehbdrpa is more kind than pmdqasu
uarei lends naewhuna a hand, so uarei is more kind than naewhuna
nfnyzhi lends cjjx a hand, so nfnyzhi is more kind than cjjx
psqemy lends udijwtnqt a hand, so udijwtnqt is less kind than psqemy
lsxgyn lends suwtmgfabxh a hand, so suwtmgfabxh is less kind than lsxgyn
smtgx lends hzmdhxulfb a hand, so hzmdhxulfb is less kind than smtgx
hgylvledvgi lends pwsbyhkjje a hand, so pwsbyhkjje is less kind than hgylvledvgi
emkwnpli lends aaaxgcxnih a hand, so aaaxgcxnih is less kind than emkwnpli
dnyowkrnr lends ytknhyv a hand, so dnyowkrnr is not less kind than ytknhyv
tbxekcaomg lends lxxr a hand, so tbxekcaomg is not less kind than lxxr
omypjaymvke lends zpztzp a hand, so omypjaymvke is not less kind than zpztzp
odkpetkoev lends imsvbieiyzsd a hand, so odkpetkoev is not less kind than imsvbieiyzsd
xanmjcor lends eac a hand, so xanmjcor is not less kind than eac
avn lends znthapielpb a hand, so znthapielpb is not more kind than avn
jjkrkysamq lends vsjjcmibx a hand, so vsjjcmibx is not more kind than jjkrkysamq
mfiknjf lends xgk a hand, so xgk is not more kind than mfiknjf
wyrexywr lends nowhlmsmu a hand, so nowhlmsmu is not more kind than wyrexywr
idwgdn lends numjkiemici a hand, so numjkiemici is not more kind than idwgdn
htardhnigv floats conudyxzxw's boat, so htardhnigv is more excited than conudyxzxw
bgodfkt floats tazfwkxf's boat, so bgodfkt is more excited than tazfwkxf
tid floats kyuexloe's boat, so tid is more excited than kyuexloe
fjbjagapuxn floats twcwctew's boat, so fjbjagapuxn is more excited than twcwctew
udbs floats xtln's boat, so udbs is more excited than xtln
apaualbpdk floats jkfcnycolsz's boat, so jkfcnycolsz is less excited than apaualbpdk
hgvlsp floats mktxhyonkyoa's boat, so mktxhyonkyoa is less excited than hgvlsp
yfavku floats zxky's boat, so zxky is less excited than yfavku
dmywrdirjvg floats sit's boat, so sit is less excited than dmywrdirjvg
dzyzsgy floats yjcxssqwtbw's boat, so yjcxssqwtbw is less excited than dzyzsgy
bwx floats lscbuni's boat, so bwx is not less excited than lscbuni
iklykkza floats mitivtrtjygj's boat, so iklykkza is not less excited than mitivtrtjygj
vtwk floats fbnctxhhm's boat, so vtwk is not less excited than fbnctxhhm
epugqcxrj floats gyazdrbfgi's boat, so epugqcxrj is not less excited than gyazdrbfgi
zxhktfhfuns floats wxlfxnr's boat, so zxhktfhfuns is not less excited than wxlfxnr
kchnqavgo floats oscrkt's boat, so oscrkt is not more excited than kchnqavgo
myyzkkyrjru floats fghtrhiydmw's boat, so fghtrhiydmw is not more excited than myyzkkyrjru
vbtatqle floats zjtz's boat, so zjtz is not more excited than vbtatqle
bnehxg floats kithxg's boat, so kithxg is not more excited than bnehxg
xbkzmadn floats ytcg's boat, so ytcg is not more excited than xbkzmadn
ens increases his share more than llltazf, so ens is less generous than llltazf
rhliybn increases his share more than hhjmlkjn, so rhliybn is less generous than hhjmlkjn
ceqwfi increases his share more than bijahxjhykar, so ceqwfi is less generous than bijahxjhykar
gompbnuuof increases his share more than kqvtr, so gompbnuuof is less generous than kqvtr
wrynvtygig increases his share more than agsvdefehzxv, so wrynvtygig is less generous than agsvdefehzxv
bhrseovcyc increases his share more than bmjlbld, so bmjlbld is less generous than bhrseovcyc
pexueruauq increases his share more than xtoaulfxh, so xtoaulfxh is less generous than pexueruauq
ruizdv increases his share more than sldkckjomb, so sldkckjomb is less generous than ruizdv
mub increases his share more than fosksjhl, so fosksjhl is less generous than mub
rcfvli increases his share more than suufitop, so suufitop is less generous than rcfvli
ght increases his share more than ohbvwexrn, so ght is not less generous than ohbvwexrn
uxmcuzhcp increases his share more than elsnxs, so uxmcuzhcp is not less generous than elsnxs
haglegtszjkh increases his share more than nibzugrwv, so haglegtszjkh is not less generous than nibzugrwv
eecrwx increases his share more than vgpcawslvdhk, so eecrwx is not less generous than vgpcawslvdhk
yofbnnzyo increases his share more than fezr, so yofbnnzyo is not less generous than fezr
ajpvtqko increases nlsl's share more than ajpvtqko, so nlsl is not more generous than ajpvtqko
mowycgmdqj increases aujd's share more than mowycgmdqj, so aujd is not more generous than mowycgmdqj
fhwjbq increases rqnc's share more than fhwjbq, so rqnc is not more generous than fhwjbq
eluhpartfi increases qyetakpbrck's share more than eluhpartfi, so qyetakpbrck is not more generous than eluhpartfi
mprvr increases elqb's share more than mprvr, so elqb is not more generous than mprvr
dplzbfw is a child, dptndfhdym is a teenager, so dplzbfw is more confused than dptndfhdym
pzbgqfpu is a child, oytcwhdpc is a teenager, so pzbgqfpu is more confused than oytcwhdpc
pmncafkvgfyr is a child, yxryamrxgdjd is a teenager, so pmncafkvgfyr is more confused than yxryamrxgdjd
mxedzws is a child, iluvcvuflcg is a teenager, so mxedzws is more confused than iluvcvuflcg
hun is a child, ftkn is a teenager, so hun is more confused than ftkn
tupklngi becomes eofkckzhv's parent, so eofkckzhv is less confused than tupklngi
vbsghiov becomes irwzfwzfqr's parent, so irwzfwzfqr is less confused than vbsghiov
jruuet becomes sjkyrwdekqb's parent, so sjkyrwdekqb is less confused than jruuet
mkjsntoij becomes lggixlznlej's parent, so lggixlznlej is less confused than mkjsntoij
qwpnoxc becomes qcpgdi's parent, so qcpgdi is less confused than qwpnoxc
hojok becomes an adult, so hojok is not less confused than hmftgtlmyb
ddvgijarm becomes an adult, so ddvgijarm is not less confused than rkvpiva
smietv becomes an adult, so smietv is not less confused than ugqrm
yzwxbfoyjbi becomes an adult, so yzwxbfoyjbi is not less confused than yjazhkusnigc
zqllhxhlzq becomes an adult, so zqllhxhlzq is not less confused than ovtuksfa
vjictdwngew becomes adult, mkjiwzz is not, so mkjiwzz is not more confused than vjictdwngew
qjywh becomes adult, ozw is not, so ozw is not more confused than qjywh
ghuyz becomes adult, usvlrrpofhvj is not, so usvlrrpofhvj is not more confused than ghuyz
ydfmndhbzz becomes adult, shphbouuj is not, so shphbouuj is not more confused than ydfmndhbzz
djajptay becomes adult, gsrggqxdvk is not, so gsrggqxdvk is not more confused than djajptay
hmbui soaks everything around zwt, so hmbui is less aware than zwt
cjgfyvb soaks everything around wwranaw, so cjgfyvb is less aware than wwranaw
vuyws soaks everything around gjgyywlrp, so vuyws is less aware than gjgyywlrp
ymzbelnk soaks everything around bqnwanbdik, so ymzbelnk is less aware than bqnwanbdik
qmnptnqrvik soaks everything around awvluqgwly, so qmnptnqrvik is less aware than awvluqgwly
pzamdbtenf soaks everything around iqakqj, so iqakqj is less aware than pzamdbtenf
hiynboe soaks everything around nilwkmw, so nilwkmw is less aware than hiynboe
eeime soaks everything around ckuvjxyi, so ckuvjxyi is less aware than eeime
bmwy soaks everything around mhdcnchsh, so mhdcnchsh is less aware than bmwy
ceglyshacvqx soaks everything around ivjebdzwcom, so ivjebdzwcom is less aware than ceglyshacvqx
fecdx soaks everything around maqk, so fecdx is not less aware than maqk
xvta soaks everything around gzhhryyvo, so xvta is not less aware than gzhhryyvo
pqrwuh soaks everything around kohpizcho, so pqrwuh is not less aware than kohpizcho
vyydh soaks everything around mhgdwistsi, so vyydh is not less aware than mhgdwistsi
unnpdz soaks everything around tvtmevmxjfbs, so unnpdz is not less aware than tvtmevmxjfbs
hesdkl soaks everything around rinkc, so rinkc is not more aware than hesdkl
vao soaks everything around fycb, so fycb is not more aware than vao
ewwbvvltwtqd soaks everything around vxgvxkuxqilx, so vxgvxkuxqilx is not more aware than ewwbvvltwtqd
yrr soaks everything around bgsccmrp, so bgsccmrp is not more aware than yrr
oegykqv soaks everything around dhoph, so dhoph is not more aware than oegykqv
yurwbwoi teaches wuls to play tennis, so yurwbwoi is more informative than wuls
fenr teaches ywmvccuqlx to play tennis, so fenr is more informative than ywmvccuqlx
ijh teaches inkdfcvuqyo to play tennis, so ijh is more informative than inkdfcvuqyo
uujkw teaches yywk to play tennis, so uujkw is more informative than yywk
qofjbvfsy teaches wrfj to play tennis, so qofjbvfsy is more informative than wrfj
opjunrx teaches pldqelz to play tennis, so pldqelz is less informative than opjunrx
jibcjnlotnnw teaches moryfjo to play tennis, so moryfjo is less informative than jibcjnlotnnw
jjgpyoqfifpn teaches uui to play tennis, so uui is less informative than jjgpyoqfifpn
jkxqqxqdhh teaches lfvy to play tennis, so lfvy is less informative than jkxqqxqdhh
oxg teaches vphc to play tennis, so vphc is less informative than oxg
ngnlwiprvsb teaches yakrigbnbh to play tennis, so ngnlwiprvsb is not less informative than yakrigbnbh
xhlpa teaches dtl to play tennis, so xhlpa is not less informative than dtl
tfqyypptf teaches bksurjmalx to play tennis, so tfqyypptf is not less informative than bksurjmalx
sbkisyjehiig teaches sxbzxkl to play tennis, so sbkisyjehiig is not less informative than sxbzxkl
gvkignbxce teaches gvfwysgdhbhg to play tennis, so gvkignbxce is not less informative than gvfwysgdhbhg
dmywdbu teaches pslqf to play tennis, so pslqf is not more informative than dmywdbu
ospcvwq teaches jnwuldf to play tennis, so jnwuldf is not more informative than ospcvwq
imdplvxpylqf teaches wvnvvpjx to play tennis, so wvnvvpjx is not more informative than imdplvxpylqf
slhklzvbmpn teaches duz to play tennis, so duz is not more informative than slhklzvbmpn
izagxkvq teaches rpdx to play tennis, so rpdx is not more informative than izagxkvq
lukozpyafxm tows xsohlxif's car, so lukozpyafxm is more caring than xsohlxif
yknuchhoaji tows xusldtao's car, so yknuchhoaji is more caring than xusldtao
zvttlq tows yypujp's car, so zvttlq is more caring than yypujp
pflqczeosxhe tows auhtao's car, so pflqczeosxhe is more caring than auhtao
xtuqwuo tows gvyyjmg's car, so xtuqwuo is more caring than gvyyjmg
mpuyfrucfpqh tows hlgndn's car, so hlgndn is less caring than mpuyfrucfpqh
nujfekod tows frqtcrlwc's car, so frqtcrlwc is less caring than nujfekod
rwnwqgtxkirh tows kqeyhc's car, so kqeyhc is less caring than rwnwqgtxkirh
smbzvigld tows deymiutte's car, so deymiutte is less caring than smbzvigld
ifzfzzry tows lzer's car, so lzer is less caring than ifzfzzry
famz tows ucsrfdhhin's car, so famz is not less caring than ucsrfdhhin
atjigf tows fwwmggg's car, so atjigf is not less caring than fwwmggg
czapfdixmqjb tows piyfvevv's car, so czapfdixmqjb is not less caring than piyfvevv
fmfpponst tows hhzsjcdzr's car, so fmfpponst is not less caring than hhzsjcdzr
vnxhqclmafi tows djzddvcwdtp's car, so vnxhqclmafi is not less caring than djzddvcwdtp
nuozenvut tows gdnrzp's car, so gdnrzp is not more caring than nuozenvut
srqzyfmvnaj tows fqvkrqqk's car, so fqvkrqqk is not more caring than srqzyfmvnaj
jtzs tows qowmutjs's car, so qowmutjs is not more caring than jtzs
vjqqh tows bakeagny's car, so bakeagny is not more caring than vjqqh
sivdqt tows txpdyqiujt's car, so txpdyqiujt is not more caring than sivdqt
yrvwqnxecxt takes care of rbabekdwkm's needs, so yrvwqnxecxt is less thoughtful than rbabekdwkm
dqqrihrjvx takes care of jgcxkpnfk's needs, so dqqrihrjvx is less thoughtful than jgcxkpnfk
ydbbdkequu takes care of bpzvvlmefkc's needs, so ydbbdkequu is less thoughtful than bpzvvlmefkc
dqbqdxtid takes care of vlevffo's needs, so dqbqdxtid is less thoughtful than vlevffo
gmiclwao takes care of khiobikmtdtw's needs, so gmiclwao is less thoughtful than khiobikmtdtw
mmoxaeayuo takes care of zyuapa's needs, so zyuapa is less thoughtful than mmoxaeayuo
oski takes care of dhiba's needs, so dhiba is less thoughtful than oski
utrrmnirup takes care of tsnvnkrhbxk's needs, so tsnvnkrhbxk is less thoughtful than utrrmnirup
ddtmotkhtx takes care of tmi's needs, so tmi is less thoughtful than ddtmotkhtx
rxe takes care of wmztvnchr's needs, so wmztvnchr is less thoughtful than rxe
zplgj takes care of ibfp's needs, so zplgj is not less thoughtful than ibfp
cjotcvspnmsl takes care of ddurykxtyd's needs, so cjotcvspnmsl is not less thoughtful than ddurykxtyd
pnmgs takes care of vpqsuu's needs, so pnmgs is not less thoughtful than vpqsuu
exqfkqqzek takes care of rejgiep's needs, so exqfkqqzek is not less thoughtful than rejgiep
seukkk takes care of cvbnlgckmm's needs, so seukkk is not less thoughtful than cvbnlgckmm
pezkbnuy takes care of ksekgcn's needs, so ksekgcn is not more thoughtful than pezkbnuy
yqwymvup takes care of vbnrkksf's needs, so vbnrkksf is not more thoughtful than yqwymvup
rpitambnbrv takes care of orn's needs, so orn is not more thoughtful than rpitambnbrv
wgyn takes care of xyjpvdwtl's needs, so xyjpvdwtl is not more thoughtful than wgyn
oamseskyibpf takes care of hjkoi's needs, so hjkoi is not more thoughtful than oamseskyibpf
bszhnasum has a birthday party, elwr does not, so bszhnasum is more kind than elwr
pesqygrzztmn has a birthday party, jrxdyik does not, so pesqygrzztmn is more kind than jrxdyik
cgdl has a birthday party, nnhtu does not, so cgdl is more kind than nnhtu
uzxzty has a birthday party, gsxewkbhvf does not, so uzxzty is more kind than gsxewkbhvf
yceq has a birthday party, ipzpzfwg does not, so yceq is more kind than ipzpzfwg
joyxrnoqiew has a birthday party, cvlhxgn does not, so cvlhxgn is less kind than joyxrnoqiew
zszamdmo has a birthday party, vexn does not, so vexn is less kind than zszamdmo
nvdrp has a birthday party, wojfv does not, so wojfv is less kind than nvdrp
riyzdqruwmvm has a birthday party, zcohndiakdl does not, so zcohndiakdl is less kind than riyzdqruwmvm
hwil has a birthday party, agsch does not, so agsch is less kind than hwil
jvmd has a birthday party, dpexmcgsm does not, so jvmd is not less kind than dpexmcgsm
jckcakhpvvm has a birthday party, kacx does not, so jckcakhpvvm is not less kind than kacx
cvbtcrwnz has a birthday party, nourzavc does not, so cvbtcrwnz is not less kind than nourzavc
giiloate has a birthday party, tukbjv does not, so giiloate is not less kind than tukbjv
iatckfnqwxf has a birthday party, wka does not, so iatckfnqwxf is not less kind than wka
szbk has a birthday party, ser does not, so ser is not more kind than szbk
lmm has a birthday party, inn does not, so inn is not more kind than lmm
vavbhcw has a birthday party, fpegldfiui does not, so fpegldfiui is not more kind than vavbhcw
dxeito has a birthday party, sybfxngl does not, so sybfxngl is not more kind than dxeito
qftu has a birthday party, tlhdbapkfiz does not, so tlhdbapkfiz is not more kind than qftu
nbrjx makes frofxbttll laugh, so nbrjx is more silly than frofxbttll
iiiy makes ugfxqxzuoffg laugh, so iiiy is more silly than ugfxqxzuoffg
mpffctjuk makes rriehkbmwg laugh, so mpffctjuk is more silly than rriehkbmwg
zmdkpgll makes gkthzpt laugh, so zmdkpgll is more silly than gkthzpt
qhftahnq makes inxccyib laugh, so qhftahnq is more silly than inxccyib
sruppu makes umgyt laugh, so umgyt is less silly than sruppu
odcbmmp makes bfjfce laugh, so bfjfce is less silly than odcbmmp
unydokiex makes dssndwmrw laugh, so dssndwmrw is less silly than unydokiex
utqstcn makes jymqeamy laugh, so jymqeamy is less silly than utqstcn
kgmwq makes cnqqrwxukb laugh, so cnqqrwxukb is less silly than kgmwq
zvvlqpmucbt makes kglk laugh, so zvvlqpmucbt is not less silly than kglk
lhdszn makes ksarofp laugh, so lhdszn is not less silly than ksarofp
oquyk makes chzlxahg laugh, so oquyk is not less silly than chzlxahg
bxdqkeznnbd makes hkcgogbg laugh, so bxdqkeznnbd is not less silly than hkcgogbg
kurn makes apsitw laugh, so kurn is not less silly than apsitw
msfbpiv makes qvlfyavj laugh, so qvlfyavj is not more silly than msfbpiv
myre makes enlquivfrh laugh, so enlquivfrh is not more silly than myre
jllgmqkmwed makes kwk laugh, so kwk is not more silly than jllgmqkmwed
izyalasihrle makes lienmjyt laugh, so lienmjyt is not more silly than izyalasihrle
dxftpb makes wfw laugh, so wfw is not more silly than dxftpb
hynpuvivlzdt makes sbvrvylgz sleepy, so hynpuvivlzdt is more exhaustive than sbvrvylgz
rxdq makes vqvzbetrb sleepy, so rxdq is more exhaustive than vqvzbetrb
spsnu makes jlabsou sleepy, so spsnu is more exhaustive than jlabsou
riglmb makes bpvzntgnxef sleepy, so riglmb is more exhaustive than bpvzntgnxef
yconbza makes tkt sleepy, so yconbza is more exhaustive than tkt
qpybmcqrqsq makes bgvplltucuhr sleepy, so bgvplltucuhr is less exhaustive than qpybmcqrqsq
emntowfmuup makes gopm sleepy, so gopm is less exhaustive than emntowfmuup
baeskqkps makes gjumecznl sleepy, so gjumecznl is less exhaustive than baeskqkps
myyrqxm makes gfqbv sleepy, so gfqbv is less exhaustive than myyrqxm
wtwkdlk makes hiy sleepy, so hiy is less exhaustive than wtwkdlk
elyp makes rth sleepy, so elyp is not less exhaustive than rth
gjraq makes zqyjbn sleepy, so gjraq is not less exhaustive than zqyjbn
oddlukzhpb makes jeficgowt sleepy, so oddlukzhpb is not less exhaustive than jeficgowt
jfw makes dppihit sleepy, so jfw is not less exhaustive than dppihit
gkyyvrqyitw makes viec sleepy, so gkyyvrqyitw is not less exhaustive than viec
mdovvlvrigcx makes kiabkc sleepy, so kiabkc is not more exhaustive than mdovvlvrigcx
xbllzh makes anoxmkn sleepy, so anoxmkn is not more exhaustive than xbllzh
rjemkt makes bqu sleepy, so bqu is not more exhaustive than rjemkt
wltxqsxxhmxp makes ovovjygq sleepy, so ovovjygq is not more exhaustive than wltxqsxxhmxp
eyjxvyroa makes obputhuodu sleepy, so obputhuodu is not more exhaustive than eyjxvyroa
bbjaxph clenches oqllb's teeth, so bbjaxph is more annoyed than oqllb
wke clenches hennt's teeth, so wke is more annoyed than hennt
jibnbobztvvz clenches beuuttyhhhsm's teeth, so jibnbobztvvz is more annoyed than beuuttyhhhsm
xedbtvmlcf clenches ljjq's teeth, so xedbtvmlcf is more annoyed than ljjq
dhugkkcfoa clenches bduqkiztr's teeth, so dhugkkcfoa is more annoyed than bduqkiztr
mtfdeei clenches oaoysrxrref's teeth, so oaoysrxrref is less annoyed than mtfdeei
hlsibaub clenches ovl's teeth, so ovl is less annoyed than hlsibaub
whrjnr clenches hgnmj's teeth, so hgnmj is less annoyed than whrjnr
gdpr clenches znvpvtulau's teeth, so znvpvtulau is less annoyed than gdpr
apetzkhxeik clenches rkjdmlcjr's teeth, so rkjdmlcjr is less annoyed than apetzkhxeik
gmb clenches wxaqxlos's teeth, so gmb is not less annoyed than wxaqxlos
vda clenches biaupgin's teeth, so vda is not less annoyed than biaupgin
xmmlbpn clenches xmesytoxfzom's teeth, so xmmlbpn is not less annoyed than xmesytoxfzom
psuuxwnpuis clenches ijxaecgkvbla's teeth, so psuuxwnpuis is not less annoyed than ijxaecgkvbla
ftd clenches viocv's teeth, so ftd is not less annoyed than viocv
idncqxbd clenches rqz's teeth, so rqz is not more annoyed than idncqxbd
yrhfhlklykhf clenches zlyuolpui's teeth, so zlyuolpui is not more annoyed than yrhfhlklykhf
pqkle clenches nibgd's teeth, so nibgd is not more annoyed than pqkle
bluqp clenches gcezpfliimg's teeth, so gcezpfliimg is not more annoyed than bluqp
mfhpuka clenches puf's teeth, so puf is not more annoyed than mfhpuka
cybjdsdj becomes friends with gaxlico, so cybjdsdj is more friendly than gaxlico
hcski becomes friends with gyyop, so hcski is more friendly than gyyop
aonuldvsgfg becomes friends with igotbz, so aonuldvsgfg is more friendly than igotbz
ydbjvs becomes friends with ogpridwowpzb, so ydbjvs is more friendly than ogpridwowpzb
akwtm becomes friends with vhnjiqj, so akwtm is more friendly than vhnjiqj
wxkwr becomes friends with ikaagjyx, so ikaagjyx is less friendly than wxkwr
ndpgfjokff becomes friends with omisb, so omisb is less friendly than ndpgfjokff
piqenstv becomes friends with vqjmevwbe, so vqjmevwbe is less friendly than piqenstv
mvnl becomes friends with icrhqbvce, so icrhqbvce is less friendly than mvnl
ndxm becomes friends with uomjolaug, so uomjolaug is less friendly than ndxm
ipovm becomes friends with akc, so ipovm is not less friendly than akc
mza becomes friends with meqhxdrbfc, so mza is not less friendly than meqhxdrbfc
wljisnxcjhrq becomes friends with tjmjrer, so wljisnxcjhrq is not less friendly than tjmjrer
spqgpfwgqm becomes friends with gxefslo, so spqgpfwgqm is not less friendly than gxefslo
ulq becomes friends with wqegesiu, so ulq is not less friendly than wqegesiu
gkubysyfokh becomes friends with uzvulsgo, so uzvulsgo is not more friendly than gkubysyfokh
xhkcty becomes friends with janju, so janju is not more friendly than xhkcty
ngmjjwobvkbi becomes friends with diyxstmqabd, so diyxstmqabd is not more friendly than ngmjjwobvkbi
xofdtqgdlw becomes friends with slyk, so slyk is not more friendly than xofdtqgdlw
ncobguqbqq becomes friends with xtvx, so xtvx is not more friendly than ncobguqbqq
qyammmkes is within kixhqedm's reach, so qyammmkes is more nearby than kixhqedm
johg is within fdvwr's reach, so johg is more nearby than fdvwr
sszvjnr is within klxwhrztjzx's reach, so sszvjnr is more nearby than klxwhrztjzx
dtnvpm is within jjarxcyxsgqp's reach, so dtnvpm is more nearby than jjarxcyxsgqp
lrifsghaueds is within ajb's reach, so lrifsghaueds is more nearby than ajb
tmrfr comes within tbpjbeoa's reach, so tbpjbeoa is less nearby than tmrfr
bcqq comes within iaxhlkxerw's reach, so iaxhlkxerw is less nearby than bcqq
vgqbnp comes within aud's reach, so aud is less nearby than vgqbnp
hsbflqlkl comes within rjlqjil's reach, so rjlqjil is less nearby than hsbflqlkl
mvsejz comes within xrpbnz's reach, so xrpbnz is less nearby than mvsejz
nccrrhtuudmw is within mhjewpg's reach, so nccrrhtuudmw is not less nearby than mhjewpg
htefnq is within gcmkfslcuyr's reach, so htefnq is not less nearby than gcmkfslcuyr
cmbxecxjquy is within gcssnkrqfs's reach, so cmbxecxjquy is not less nearby than gcssnkrqfs
mrpygnd is within czzfyikj's reach, so mrpygnd is not less nearby than czzfyikj
gaipysdezs is within vitai's reach, so gaipysdezs is not less nearby than vitai
kfujeg comes within lupxctpk's reach, so lupxctpk is not more nearby than kfujeg
reenofgwd comes within aav's reach, so aav is not more nearby than reenofgwd
wvzhjbufye comes within iboeecqdpw's reach, so iboeecqdpw is not more nearby than wvzhjbufye
uwloci comes within eptsuinevd's reach, so eptsuinevd is not more nearby than uwloci
ivmlkkmv comes within wly's reach, so wly is not more nearby than ivmlkkmv
jrrisgxzs gets vwvgwk understanding, so jrrisgxzs is less attentive than vwvgwk
vpi gets bwcaj understanding, so vpi is less attentive than bwcaj
yrdkuij gets rqf understanding, so yrdkuij is less attentive than rqf
apgllblt gets cxqywwok understanding, so apgllblt is less attentive than cxqywwok
yxz gets ymvcxv understanding, so yxz is less attentive than ymvcxv
uikyacqwyr gets understanding more than fpenm, so fpenm is less attentive than uikyacqwyr
brcd gets understanding more than znvnh, so znvnh is less attentive than brcd
jmjvtz gets understanding more than iqeupoqwrlx, so iqeupoqwrlx is less attentive than jmjvtz
fzcdowmywgre gets understanding more than cfexqq, so cfexqq is less attentive than fzcdowmywgre
xeukvp gets understanding more than jtguo, so jtguo is less attentive than xeukvp
gwdye gets understanding more than vrqunkcve, so gwdye is not less attentive than vrqunkcve
xqvojfk gets understanding more than lttpbpbhun, so xqvojfk is not less attentive than lttpbpbhun
egb gets understanding more than nuzu, so egb is not less attentive than nuzu
gdnmkbipben gets understanding more than siexg, so gdnmkbipben is not less attentive than siexg
glfywpzef gets understanding more than pql, so glfywpzef is not less attentive than pql
frhmwjsomh gets understanding more than thhbmin, so thhbmin is not more attentive than frhmwjsomh
ako gets understanding more than dkdglfmgwkb, so dkdglfmgwkb is not more attentive than ako
qdsthxpqqi gets understanding more than hvwgjnm, so hvwgjnm is not more attentive than qdsthxpqqi
lop gets understanding more than enqjwciey, so enqjwciey is not more attentive than lop
jqkxnwg gets understanding more than ondpxyaj, so ondpxyaj is not more attentive than jqkxnwg
hpalrjq never sees pevcajx, so hpalrjq is more careless than pevcajx
wqtjuqsnjq never sees cludkwimtl, so wqtjuqsnjq is more careless than cludkwimtl
wxrebbmnw never sees pkmj, so wxrebbmnw is more careless than pkmj
iputwqyrbpl never sees klcvpgfycioe, so iputwqyrbpl is more careless than klcvpgfycioe
uvctpzze never sees zumzvkqq, so uvctpzze is more careless than zumzvkqq
gqwboaj and zuqqapsa never see each other, so zuqqapsa is less careless than gqwboaj
ayel and izppwsax never see each other, so izppwsax is less careless than ayel
djdpamiydx and cqokislnxqr never see each other, so cqokislnxqr is less careless than djdpamiydx
dxslbxzsnods and afnphirgaec never see each other, so afnphirgaec is less careless than dxslbxzsnods
qyopdmwirldq and hsozwibcseqt never see each other, so hsozwibcseqt is less careless than qyopdmwirldq
blh and ayemc never see each other, so blh is not more careless than ayemc
alrlxde and cjjvy never see each other, so alrlxde is not more careless than cjjvy
kibvdecuuguh and mjfndhzwit never see each other, so kibvdecuuguh is not more careless than mjfndhzwit
xjipzpd and cvmgclv never see each other, so xjipzpd is not more careless than cvmgclv
otzilj and ykhahigs never see each other, so otzilj is not more careless than ykhahigs
whtsrqyuw never sees iagvdldldu, so iagvdldldu is not more careless than whtsrqyuw
fgwkmdoi never sees kznmygknbusn, so kznmygknbusn is not more careless than fgwkmdoi
uquhpckbcpk never sees mlxrzq, so mlxrzq is not more careless than uquhpckbcpk
wqmlsaawg never sees nht, so nht is not more careless than wqmlsaawg
kvpychxrdjm never sees wqtzq, so wqtzq is not more careless than kvpychxrdjm
aodtoxvpn loses balance while lph does not, so aodtoxvpn is less unaware than lph
hnydwya loses balance while tnbtfg does not, so hnydwya is less unaware than tnbtfg
rmfqvluu loses balance while atfhv does not, so rmfqvluu is less unaware than atfhv
lmggzpwajyw loses balance while ikcsa does not, so lmggzpwajyw is less unaware than ikcsa
nkvuzpk loses balance while jgzll does not, so nkvuzpk is less unaware than jgzll
thg loses balance while zlgivhbqmxu does not, so zlgivhbqmxu is less unknowing than thg
iefrtylrxno loses balance while yzduoaczjctp does not, so yzduoaczjctp is less unknowing than iefrtylrxno
dfbhkvtvayl loses balance while tvgayyopvt does not, so tvgayyopvt is less unknowing than dfbhkvtvayl
gsjxrpfhf loses balance while xmti does not, so xmti is less unknowing than gsjxrpfhf
mnygssgoza loses balance while dqc does not, so dqc is less unknowing than mnygssgoza
kenxzgfqk loses balance while naqqfd does not, so kenxzgfqk is not less unaware than naqqfd
ybq loses balance while tchzqrj does not, so ybq is not less unaware than tchzqrj
bgx loses balance while pjcm does not, so bgx is not less unaware than pjcm
xgwhotzfjp loses balance while yowmrpb does not, so xgwhotzfjp is not less unaware than yowmrpb
gidkgjolcc loses balance while rvxvqtaadxe does not, so gidkgjolcc is not less unaware than rvxvqtaadxe
mlfkuynzeyiz loses fdjtwwz's balance, so fdjtwwz is not more unknowing than mlfkuynzeyiz
gruyzuvavey loses ctowb's balance, so ctowb is not more unknowing than gruyzuvavey
jbehuohmjb loses jrwucck's balance, so jrwucck is not more unknowing than jbehuohmjb
jzf loses qxahqvqnpawy's balance, so qxahqvqnpawy is not more unknowing than jzf
zze loses oztabj's balance, so oztabj is not more unknowing than zze
dhsdomkurg gathers emroobgsw's things, so dhsdomkurg is more helpful than emroobgsw
vutrkw gathers ifqhxb's things, so vutrkw is more helpful than ifqhxb
ohanejmve gathers tfhniojxkj's things, so ohanejmve is more helpful than tfhniojxkj
mbhiuooepke gathers xtvcxf's things, so mbhiuooepke is more helpful than xtvcxf
iwc gathers uazazg's things, so iwc is more helpful than uazazg
svxg gathers qtjxnxglcsw's things, so qtjxnxglcsw is less helpful than svxg
vtjqocqcpcag gathers zpmrpv's things, so zpmrpv is less helpful than vtjqocqcpcag
ymigsdittz gathers riel's things, so riel is less helpful than ymigsdittz
fmltiudxks gathers sto's things, so sto is less helpful than fmltiudxks
yzhtsehpe gathers bzsvlto's things, so bzsvlto is less helpful than yzhtsehpe
rxjwhdxry gathers uqro's things, so rxjwhdxry is not less helpful than uqro
xotpkzcif gathers irdsgaamyaz's things, so xotpkzcif is not less helpful than irdsgaamyaz
ywrgwk gathers ekctyvwzks's things, so ywrgwk is not less helpful than ekctyvwzks
vhuitj gathers noipfinm's things, so vhuitj is not less helpful than noipfinm
hqicgjvwlqoz gathers yazqpgjkbu's things, so hqicgjvwlqoz is not less helpful than yazqpgjkbu
yojdy gathers cdzft's things, so cdzft is not more helpful than yojdy
mcfcccaz gathers icacdxbauv's things, so icacdxbauv is not more helpful than mcfcccaz
qwggfbyiw gathers ihxqv's things, so ihxqv is not more helpful than qwggfbyiw
jouqg gathers yjhoigld's things, so yjhoigld is not more helpful than jouqg
fxxeurjxfjl gathers hwwilgtcfxff's things, so hwwilgtcfxff is not more helpful than fxxeurjxfjl
dywrbozbl hits riplojjopalf on the head, so dywrbozbl is more assertive than riplojjopalf
idbfoyvlp hits dimdsowsvj on the head, so idbfoyvlp is more assertive than dimdsowsvj
xgbrshsvppc hits vnzza on the head, so xgbrshsvppc is more assertive than vnzza
rzmbm hits zjihdfamwb on the head, so rzmbm is more assertive than zjihdfamwb
oczqunsa hits pfai on the head, so oczqunsa is more assertive than pfai
ldagxi hits qbk on the head, so qbk is less assertive than ldagxi
qjdjku hits uvyxnlq on the head, so uvyxnlq is less assertive than qjdjku
vva hits kcjk on the head, so kcjk is less assertive than vva
kgil hits ijuq on the head, so ijuq is less assertive than kgil
rpkyagazu hits lmfse on the head, so lmfse is less assertive than rpkyagazu
akshcpjvw hits cedobxhnzqht on the head, so akshcpjvw is not less assertive than cedobxhnzqht
osofgwvik hits lvutrkqbk on the head, so osofgwvik is not less assertive than lvutrkqbk
smjhtm hits rmja on the head, so smjhtm is not less assertive than rmja
nzeqwh hits xembus on the head, so nzeqwh is not less assertive than xembus
bgnetxesmlnn hits gci on the head, so bgnetxesmlnn is not less assertive than gci
thwznphuh hits djmlgquxq on the head, so djmlgquxq is not more assertive than thwznphuh
ujdzgav hits oxxmaac on the head, so oxxmaac is not more assertive than ujdzgav
qnqeqgispb hits voon on the head, so voon is not more assertive than qnqeqgispb
zkix hits inhosnhtygcn on the head, so inhosnhtygcn is not more assertive than zkix
hudtevdfk hits btutknavi on the head, so btutknavi is not more assertive than hudtevdfk
gbhyvrqxmbb lives happily after mjvbyzvykjr, so gbhyvrqxmbb is more romantic than mjvbyzvykjr
hmpvwwtvub lives happily after qnxjyzezmplf, so hmpvwwtvub is more romantic than qnxjyzezmplf
ltskftf lives happily after ulpxmxy, so ltskftf is more romantic than ulpxmxy
nmwcj lives happily after gjoggv, so nmwcj is more romantic than gjoggv
vxmijznivj lives happily after zrimtg, so vxmijznivj is more romantic than zrimtg
hdlwyxqkqsz lives happily after feuijpoypph, so feuijpoypph is less romantic than hdlwyxqkqsz
jtjiyok lives happily after tkcvnezf, so tkcvnezf is less romantic than jtjiyok
lsfksum lives happily after hputjk, so hputjk is less romantic than lsfksum
tecmkvfi lives happily after oxrebctvs, so oxrebctvs is less romantic than tecmkvfi
kkkxzajvlti lives happily after naaonnwya, so naaonnwya is less romantic than kkkxzajvlti
nsvciu lives happily after lytqfm, so nsvciu is not less romantic than lytqfm
dwcaiictmv lives happily after bwjznhvqlull, so dwcaiictmv is not less romantic than bwjznhvqlull
mpfxdpnkh lives happily after ptwvh, so mpfxdpnkh is not less romantic than ptwvh
yiqmtkxcdx lives happily after fhjhoubkxqp, so yiqmtkxcdx is not less romantic than fhjhoubkxqp
cyrapdi lives happily after ehjkpvuce, so cyrapdi is not less romantic than ehjkpvuce
qzt lives happily after oirtsrz, so oirtsrz is not more romantic than qzt
kzupiz lives happily after ocusm, so ocusm is not more romantic than kzupiz
gdrgnlowyt lives happily after iokaxnntlkp, so iokaxnntlkp is not more romantic than gdrgnlowyt
ewssbghesmrv lives happily after ejltcm, so ejltcm is not more romantic than ewssbghesmrv
jysscextw lives happily after tzsakyp, so tzsakyp is not more romantic than jysscextw
evzhplmzazb divides among people more than uqkvzsici, so evzhplmzazb is more caring than uqkvzsici
fnba divides among people more than bvxyxogv, so fnba is more caring than bvxyxogv
plppxjqcu divides among people more than omcxht, so plppxjqcu is more caring than omcxht
oguntzqemny divides among people more than jyype, so oguntzqemny is more caring than jyype
txxkoogw divides among people more than ilmbectmms, so txxkoogw is more caring than ilmbectmms
hwjarghn divides among scxa, so scxa is less caring than hwjarghn
lqnjxpppk divides among opnqllavk, so opnqllavk is less caring than lqnjxpppk
jocxzwm divides among fbqvsjdrpzdf, so fbqvsjdrpzdf is less caring than jocxzwm
ewshdn divides among hlo, so hlo is less caring than ewshdn
rtxyidjywdd divides among cjzmwb, so cjzmwb is less caring than rtxyidjywdd
fnsmthfiyddn divides among znysip, so fnsmthfiyddn is not less caring than znysip
tqqdlaglksfo divides among ointmtez, so tqqdlaglksfo is not less caring than ointmtez
mruoadk divides among hzrzzsxj, so mruoadk is not less caring than hzrzzsxj
mmr divides among zgdtf, so mmr is not less caring than zgdtf
jglpdg divides among jcyxppbghvp, so jglpdg is not less caring than jcyxppbghvp
pbc divides among nxjvmheiv, so nxjvmheiv is not more caring than pbc
yze divides among nxupbrxez, so nxupbrxez is not more caring than yze
uoq divides among acnshznx, so acnshznx is not more caring than uoq
svumofm divides among qqyueqwytrv, so qqyueqwytrv is not more caring than svumofm
fzxd divides among uldbzfdmiuy, so uldbzfdmiuy is not more caring than fzxd
civ treats qqwtvjyl differently, so civ is more unfair than qqwtvjyl
fhkmkbwfqrx treats tlyifvj differently, so fhkmkbwfqrx is more unfair than tlyifvj
uxjjjvldwwj treats agzd differently, so uxjjjvldwwj is more unfair than agzd
xyovfkvool treats euwhdjedji differently, so xyovfkvool is more unfair than euwhdjedji
fcyvfou treats thqnees differently, so fcyvfou is more unfair than thqnees
pfrurljeiy treats rtwptemrg differently than rtwptemrg, so rtwptemrg is less unfair than pfrurljeiy
ondg treats gsvfopavk differently than gsvfopavk, so gsvfopavk is less unfair than ondg
mhens treats cakoqose differently than cakoqose, so cakoqose is less unfair than mhens
ivkyuowsd treats tcmruxtfzkfm differently than tcmruxtfzkfm, so tcmruxtfzkfm is less unfair than ivkyuowsd
chxdafpkfeoq treats vgofwzo differently than vgofwzo, so vgofwzo is less unfair than chxdafpkfeoq
fknacxubh treats ketm differently than ketm, so fknacxubh is not less unfair than ketm
ecwejdndj treats nfmwbxs differently than nfmwbxs, so ecwejdndj is not less unfair than nfmwbxs
gdtmz treats udq differently than udq, so gdtmz is not less unfair than udq
ica treats wzykryen differently than wzykryen, so ica is not less unfair than wzykryen
tvagrm treats hlvglkx differently than hlvglkx, so tvagrm is not less unfair than hlvglkx
mlazjdihzkxe treats feepljwxkbh differently than feepljwxkbh, so feepljwxkbh is not more unfair than mlazjdihzkxe
ecqzorkomsjd treats pyezkoriaceg differently than pyezkoriaceg, so pyezkoriaceg is not more unfair than ecqzorkomsjd
ueth treats qixv differently than qixv, so qixv is not more unfair than ueth
ejnseopoi treats shstttwl differently than shstttwl, so shstttwl is not more unfair than ejnseopoi
rldhlfs treats rvdwscxseejp differently than rvdwscxseejp, so rvdwscxseejp is not more unfair than rldhlfs
skhwrfbrgz pays all of ftriwxg's bills, so skhwrfbrgz is more helpful than ftriwxg
wvdojfsdbgv pays all of hwdervkrrbxe's bills, so wvdojfsdbgv is more helpful than hwdervkrrbxe
agonzln pays all of bpjgwvrh's bills, so agonzln is more helpful than bpjgwvrh
clabcowfr pays all of nasr's bills, so clabcowfr is more helpful than nasr
dxzjuhahfr pays all of gye's bills, so dxzjuhahfr is more helpful than gye
xqtxywjx pays all of hvadrqxr's bills, so hvadrqxr is less helpful than xqtxywjx
ptq pays all of buijssjhzr's bills, so buijssjhzr is less helpful than ptq
wcq pays all of nookln's bills, so nookln is less helpful than wcq
ymc pays all of zxafeiumzcrh's bills, so zxafeiumzcrh is less helpful than ymc
mvllvuoem pays all of dllavmdds's bills, so dllavmdds is less helpful than mvllvuoem
byxnduhxsj pays all of ixojc's bills, so byxnduhxsj is not less helpful than ixojc
wkyghylxjul pays all of wuz's bills, so wkyghylxjul is not less helpful than wuz
spjqd pays all of lzfsuqsz's bills, so spjqd is not less helpful than lzfsuqsz
zhvqidxtxi pays all of fxkyrrjg's bills, so zhvqidxtxi is not less helpful than fxkyrrjg
njtxe pays all of kuvkc's bills, so njtxe is not less helpful than kuvkc
hrc pays all of lni's bills, so lni is not more helpful than hrc
btda pays all of uknv's bills, so uknv is not more helpful than btda
jqbl pays all of cczo's bills, so cczo is not more helpful than jqbl
mcl pays all of clxz's bills, so clxz is not more helpful than mcl
zzgshdxfi pays all of hswhxjgaanu's bills, so hswhxjgaanu is not more helpful than zzgshdxfi
iavzothuztmp grabs hmxigdft's arms, so iavzothuztmp is more forceful than hmxigdft
vypbmriujjy grabs rwbk's arms, so vypbmriujjy is more forceful than rwbk
nzshnaps grabs gehcwb's arms, so nzshnaps is more forceful than gehcwb
encan grabs cyjseizbxdc's arms, so encan is more forceful than cyjseizbxdc
bmm grabs itjmiawfi's arms, so bmm is more forceful than itjmiawfi
oooloca grabs fzsh's arms, so fzsh is less forceful than oooloca
xtrnkzuwt grabs cebvrtr's arms, so cebvrtr is less forceful than xtrnkzuwt
zqhi grabs raueqphqw's arms, so raueqphqw is less forceful than zqhi
mfy grabs npclatuyxmyb's arms, so npclatuyxmyb is less forceful than mfy
xcuasjwiq grabs oyhnc's arms, so oyhnc is less forceful than xcuasjwiq
epstl grabs cjrbfarmwzwe's arms, so epstl is not less forceful than cjrbfarmwzwe
rnbxxltctb grabs mggqomp's arms, so rnbxxltctb is not less forceful than mggqomp
qoi grabs npbqpt's arms, so qoi is not less forceful than npbqpt
dfrqgtbijv grabs jdqlhbfnm's arms, so dfrqgtbijv is not less forceful than jdqlhbfnm
zuhdjpfq grabs zjvrgj's arms, so zuhdjpfq is not less forceful than zjvrgj
wfcimcnmylxk grabs diali's arms, so diali is not less forceful than wfcimcnmylxk
htotn grabs oqjixnf's arms, so oqjixnf is not less forceful than htotn
ymaphh grabs nekxwitvnd's arms, so nekxwitvnd is not less forceful than ymaphh
urqpdbu grabs oxz's arms, so oxz is not less forceful than urqpdbu
ggcrxuesrffz grabs aqwb's arms, so aqwb is not less forceful than ggcrxuesrffz
mjfcrppl shakes hands with tcm, so mjfcrppl is more responsive than tcm
cafu shakes hands with fjiibvhrtq, so cafu is more responsive than fjiibvhrtq
uvugsvsmwzsg shakes hands with ruvhkqpkuhs, so uvugsvsmwzsg is more responsive than ruvhkqpkuhs
gqgesppoq shakes hands with sehxwwovido, so gqgesppoq is more responsive than sehxwwovido
mkrydeqjhnkn shakes hands with somciwopez, so mkrydeqjhnkn is more responsive than somciwopez
yvvvmyqydin shakes hands with fga, so fga is less responsive than yvvvmyqydin
ypxmex shakes hands with zmfun, so zmfun is less responsive than ypxmex
cstuljnzsa shakes hands with fhefbysw, so fhefbysw is less responsive than cstuljnzsa
elznpjjl shakes hands with tfoyn, so tfoyn is less responsive than elznpjjl
avpriotxgzoi shakes hands with yunhtfmjchko, so yunhtfmjchko is less responsive than avpriotxgzoi
xswtwwanj shakes hands with otfmunq, so xswtwwanj is not less responsive than otfmunq
japmo shakes hands with zejn, so japmo is not less responsive than zejn
htwhdouo shakes hands with ztqgp, so htwhdouo is not less responsive than ztqgp
vmw shakes hands with dxtfh, so vmw is not less responsive than dxtfh
lomudrbtnm shakes hands with psjfzgqkeh, so lomudrbtnm is not less responsive than psjfzgqkeh
vhpkoq shakes hands with dplobhlzc, so dplobhlzc is not more responsive than vhpkoq
rbvugjy shakes hands with cgzokj, so cgzokj is not more responsive than rbvugjy
wnviykumir shakes hands with rcqsinebqsmb, so rcqsinebqsmb is not more responsive than wnviykumir
ymamhirwns shakes hands with kfoocur, so kfoocur is not more responsive than ymamhirwns
zlqshpdpnjfy shakes hands with uyzdcu, so uyzdcu is not more responsive than zlqshpdpnjfy
ablqrpmyzpyj kneels down beside xllanpgf, so ablqrpmyzpyj is more comforting than xllanpgf
jclnsuihwbno kneels down beside kbljevxwp, so jclnsuihwbno is more comforting than kbljevxwp
baezztognmt kneels down beside vxtcxofzcq, so baezztognmt is more comforting than vxtcxofzcq
exuxfxairhmq kneels down beside lgltuzwvdtj, so exuxfxairhmq is more comforting than lgltuzwvdtj
kjcycisvdkuw kneels down beside spwohnici, so kjcycisvdkuw is more comforting than spwohnici
kntdhrb kneels down beside lsjlkza, so lsjlkza is less comforting than kntdhrb
btlz kneels down beside uxzkeuwzfp, so uxzkeuwzfp is less comforting than btlz
pzqjmqav kneels down beside kjdjgmsg, so kjdjgmsg is less comforting than pzqjmqav
vdlsftjkx kneels down beside wugelzccsm, so wugelzccsm is less comforting than vdlsftjkx
zwvimmhfwmu kneels down beside brdnyuubn, so brdnyuubn is less comforting than zwvimmhfwmu
cfneqa kneels down beside ofiuunza, so cfneqa is not less comforting than ofiuunza
huwayxhssttl kneels down beside xxnnqipg, so huwayxhssttl is not less comforting than xxnnqipg
gezmmzrmdj kneels down beside hea, so gezmmzrmdj is not less comforting than hea
gsro kneels down beside ggakd, so gsro is not less comforting than ggakd
waawpuonvnbg kneels down beside arb, so waawpuonvnbg is not less comforting than arb
nccppwsegky kneels down beside uobdhwypo, so uobdhwypo is not more comforting than nccppwsegky
jcxm kneels down beside bxbeafuear, so bxbeafuear is not more comforting than jcxm
vbfyq kneels down beside acowxaasay, so acowxaasay is not more comforting than vbfyq
fjdwkirtqmlv kneels down beside wlwnu, so wlwnu is not more comforting than fjdwkirtqmlv
frwhtnkts kneels down beside lgwbyrewvhvg, so lgwbyrewvhvg is not more comforting than frwhtnkts
jkwhsl slides juabybtikro's fingers, so jkwhsl is more social than juabybtikro
nlvlqfrlt slides mqb's fingers, so nlvlqfrlt is more social than mqb
adhuxx slides tiigd's fingers, so adhuxx is more social than tiigd
fsoml slides fzvwbqfln's fingers, so fsoml is more social than fzvwbqfln
rocid slides vzz's fingers, so rocid is more social than vzz
issefzktvgme slides gpwxyhnzcabu's fingers, so gpwxyhnzcabu is less social than issefzktvgme
nwkq slides uheczelmtoy's fingers, so uheczelmtoy is less social than nwkq
ibibbowb slides gbuhz's fingers, so gbuhz is less social than ibibbowb
iwpj slides tzvrz's fingers, so tzvrz is less social than iwpj
occwy slides rfzdbuuhby's fingers, so rfzdbuuhby is less social than occwy
vrs slides vbbqdqjvqxl's fingers, so vrs is not less social than vbbqdqjvqxl
inpmbtcivw slides bjowampnuyd's fingers, so inpmbtcivw is not less social than bjowampnuyd
kcbw slides ogkvab's fingers, so kcbw is not less social than ogkvab
sjjd slides myamzrfg's fingers, so sjjd is not less social than myamzrfg
tpsobw slides oys's fingers, so tpsobw is not less social than oys
kkbepken slides oumwmxiukg's fingers, so oumwmxiukg is not more social than kkbepken
udvznaewxjr slides nrseyeyodaoh's fingers, so nrseyeyodaoh is not more social than udvznaewxjr
uzbbvto slides epdjiinmda's fingers, so epdjiinmda is not more social than uzbbvto
oehktnzxouu slides mlqkgryk's fingers, so mlqkgryk is not more social than oehktnzxouu
rzjirbjas slides pcifinsmb's fingers, so pcifinsmb is not more social than rzjirbjas
admqjed helps the team win more than xsjwccykak, so admqjed is more ambitious than xsjwccykak
kipsdksifsd helps the team win more than lihxivwaxed, so kipsdksifsd is more ambitious than lihxivwaxed
gecnqflurbs helps the team win more than apifmrxhjcc, so gecnqflurbs is more ambitious than apifmrxhjcc
nhvljdlt helps the team win more than nvy, so nhvljdlt is more ambitious than nvy
reyvzwxsvqke helps the team win more than ygsehrgb, so reyvzwxsvqke is more ambitious than ygsehrgb
unserwg helps abrawdixynm's team win more than unserwg, so abrawdixynm is less ambitious than unserwg
mos helps voehn's team win more than mos, so voehn is less ambitious than mos
qkflpgkoxlf helps nznhekcxe's team win more than qkflpgkoxlf, so nznhekcxe is less ambitious than qkflpgkoxlf
hgfkwjfr helps ovbulhrcqt's team win more than hgfkwjfr, so ovbulhrcqt is less ambitious than hgfkwjfr
rrk helps ddtuwdlmrb's team win more than rrk, so ddtuwdlmrb is less ambitious than rrk
jjsxjeiqdn helps eippef's team win, so jjsxjeiqdn is not less ambitious than eippef
eecsghui helps eleocd's team win, so eecsghui is not less ambitious than eleocd
oco helps tprnizyvctwl's team win, so oco is not less ambitious than tprnizyvctwl
hggp helps fnbvqaqr's team win, so hggp is not less ambitious than fnbvqaqr
tmgw helps lyphnlvyx's team win, so tmgw is not less ambitious than lyphnlvyx
mckumrnbubq helps jsoiom's team win more than mckumrnbubq, so jsoiom is not more ambitious than mckumrnbubq
nlvksnbuwh helps woh's team win more than nlvksnbuwh, so woh is not more ambitious than nlvksnbuwh
psovn helps zcscuyqzop's team win more than psovn, so zcscuyqzop is not more ambitious than psovn
zzwwle helps mspxxlx's team win more than zzwwle, so mspxxlx is not more ambitious than zzwwle
gzqhznuuvgu helps mhwcgkrx's team win more than gzqhznuuvgu, so mhwcgkrx is not more ambitious than gzqhznuuvgu
egbidwjf sees krhfvnayi's aunt, so egbidwjf is more familiar than krhfvnayi
jfcn sees pcdyh's aunt, so jfcn is more familiar than pcdyh
qfyldkxwijos sees fiortkm's aunt, so qfyldkxwijos is more familiar than fiortkm
iwhbnimwfc sees rzdafms's aunt, so iwhbnimwfc is more familiar than rzdafms
jdkaq sees wpotfh's aunt, so jdkaq is more familiar than wpotfh
pfwgiobtdi sees epohxduse's aunt, so epohxduse is less familiar than pfwgiobtdi
yvzs sees tra's aunt, so tra is less familiar than yvzs
fhqdza sees ybajzzdnzem's aunt, so ybajzzdnzem is less familiar than fhqdza
lxakgqs sees knhyzjhklvv's aunt, so knhyzjhklvv is less familiar than lxakgqs
zqoggl sees eajkrr's aunt, so eajkrr is less familiar than zqoggl
dulwrwnojxpn sees ezdfey's aunt, so dulwrwnojxpn is not less familiar than ezdfey
upurx sees kznnawcg's aunt, so upurx is not less familiar than kznnawcg
tmrmhod sees fldj's aunt, so tmrmhod is not less familiar than fldj
hdeojqpxm sees zkywzqeete's aunt, so hdeojqpxm is not less familiar than zkywzqeete
gyacnzavsf sees sleshwmy's aunt, so gyacnzavsf is not less familiar than sleshwmy
her sees gtluqhlx's aunt, so gtluqhlx is not more familiar than her
yqlg sees xieqvrerff's aunt, so xieqvrerff is not more familiar than yqlg
wiasjrhcv sees khfxmtbznf's aunt, so khfxmtbznf is not more familiar than wiasjrhcv
yybip sees ujvrdgvoju's aunt, so ujvrdgvoju is not more familiar than yybip
cjhaleodt sees kqgdnvezsuy's aunt, so kqgdnvezsuy is not more familiar than cjhaleodt
ajxmgpdlzuf gives rcjywhgh the address, so ajxmgpdlzuf is more helpful than rcjywhgh
ipqdb gives otgl the address, so ipqdb is more helpful than otgl
rom gives fkwpvkgpan the address, so rom is more helpful than fkwpvkgpan
uxu gives txtppmbtgziz the address, so uxu is more helpful than txtppmbtgziz
nycebqtgka gives jsoxk the address, so nycebqtgka is more helpful than jsoxk
thusnnvad gives slcruuo the address, so slcruuo is less helpful than thusnnvad
izwsvlx gives yxzse the address, so yxzse is less helpful than izwsvlx
ladtrrtsg gives lddmqzozdl the address, so lddmqzozdl is less helpful than ladtrrtsg
lvtiwicjw gives yzuylohlqz the address, so yzuylohlqz is less helpful than lvtiwicjw
uym gives gdzwy the address, so gdzwy is less helpful than uym
wbpo gives shfkuewi the address, so wbpo is not less helpful than shfkuewi
zypftsyrwa gives laagdqiwsxyy the address, so zypftsyrwa is not less helpful than laagdqiwsxyy
fur gives ijzofwalpxda the address, so fur is not less helpful than ijzofwalpxda
nside gives anjkqydbsxu the address, so nside is not less helpful than anjkqydbsxu
malboxfoqv gives rnzyi the address, so malboxfoqv is not less helpful than rnzyi
tdfxf gives zmujcjsapqng the address, so zmujcjsapqng is not more helpful than tdfxf
uzoffofqqtu gives yxxp the address, so yxxp is not more helpful than uzoffofqqtu
shpgw gives cnmgeue the address, so cnmgeue is not more helpful than shpgw
ylyeksnhmv gives valzvznbhm the address, so valzvznbhm is not more helpful than ylyeksnhmv
geunwg gives oum the address, so oum is not more helpful than geunwg
msgsagzhoec never saw bjmuqb, so msgsagzhoec is more longing than bjmuqb
veeplepmbycr never saw wakpx, so veeplepmbycr is more longing than wakpx
skkcgnuranqy never saw eyvrn, so skkcgnuranqy is more longing than eyvrn
scqg never saw uvzuov, so scqg is more longing than uvzuov
xhhvjg never saw cysamcjqi, so xhhvjg is more longing than cysamcjqi
noyrfmaoh never saw lxy, so lxy is less longing than noyrfmaoh
yzxsxlyalq never saw seisxhr, so seisxhr is less longing than yzxsxlyalq
egtpaoglkh never saw tufvhma, so tufvhma is less longing than egtpaoglkh
cpazsrxjs never saw svncrbtpakf, so svncrbtpakf is less longing than cpazsrxjs
fqjjxathoqiw never saw azwrkwzxbd, so azwrkwzxbd is less longing than fqjjxathoqiw
ivzaorbddz never saw dywcctiz, so ivzaorbddz is not less longing than dywcctiz
wrfyqbgtz never saw itwf, so wrfyqbgtz is not less longing than itwf
uuysvt never saw dhozuibt, so uuysvt is not less longing than dhozuibt
sjfyzovax never saw trbpjjy, so sjfyzovax is not less longing than trbpjjy
egbmunmyf never saw rzbka, so egbmunmyf is not less longing than rzbka
uxsacrbkp never saw nmv, so nmv is not more longing than uxsacrbkp
crh never saw ufpeqn, so ufpeqn is not more longing than crh
phrcf never saw nhktt, so nhktt is not more longing than phrcf
yjvkso never saw rwevnb, so rwevnb is not more longing than yjvkso
slifo never saw lyvpkzl, so lyvpkzl is not more longing than slifo
kxiejw wants to join kvrpyhuo, so kxiejw is more bored than kvrpyhuo
vsvqinra wants to join ymcczmyf, so vsvqinra is more bored than ymcczmyf
qyindbhbv wants to join sydkjxfkeqa, so qyindbhbv is more bored than sydkjxfkeqa
wjaf wants to join ijzdchnlirjm, so wjaf is more bored than ijzdchnlirjm
dcjxns wants to join znlv, so dcjxns is more bored than znlv
ozomnqgnkrkt wants to join sraatq, so sraatq is less bored than ozomnqgnkrkt
jcpikrhkugvl wants to join nqcitqkjqagp, so nqcitqkjqagp is less bored than jcpikrhkugvl
rdtfevubkwt wants to join bhroan, so bhroan is less bored than rdtfevubkwt
pwauwbzhjwxg wants to join rxndvcamdhcw, so rxndvcamdhcw is less bored than pwauwbzhjwxg
esods wants to join gmlbqxtg, so gmlbqxtg is less bored than esods
zmcuz wants to join xxmtcjhw, so zmcuz is not less bored than xxmtcjhw
xnbjp wants to join yyotnjf, so xnbjp is not less bored than yyotnjf
hhrtfydfhszj wants to join meyjbhf, so hhrtfydfhszj is not less bored than meyjbhf
garlbkl wants to join adwahbapd, so garlbkl is not less bored than adwahbapd
npevzcmppg wants to join fhrb, so npevzcmppg is not less bored than fhrb
pqjpl wants to join jbuaoirjqqgx, so jbuaoirjqqgx is not more bored than pqjpl
kgulgx wants to join friqyppecq, so friqyppecq is not more bored than kgulgx
okoxatedxhdb wants to join ibgiocbxwt, so ibgiocbxwt is not more bored than okoxatedxhdb
vmja wants to join tmpfpmh, so tmpfpmh is not more bored than vmja
ibo wants to join sqbev, so sqbev is not more bored than ibo
iktsfn urges hskwakwinyg to accept, so iktsfn is more persuasive than hskwakwinyg
ekxst urges mhjfsjcyk to accept, so ekxst is more persuasive than mhjfsjcyk
rezeymrxdfed urges qlgkprwatqh to accept, so rezeymrxdfed is more persuasive than qlgkprwatqh
uolvyzewulr urges qpvfhksj to accept, so uolvyzewulr is more persuasive than qpvfhksj
mlokfunijtau urges kio to accept, so mlokfunijtau is more persuasive than kio
kjniyvc urges jdf to accept, so jdf is less persuasive than kjniyvc
ykfuhvwytpi urges zcrlq to accept, so zcrlq is less persuasive than ykfuhvwytpi
hsdcrfi urges ynnlvlczectt to accept, so ynnlvlczectt is less persuasive than hsdcrfi
tkee urges wvc to accept, so wvc is less persuasive than tkee
yqdlxpjiwgr urges egu to accept, so egu is less persuasive than yqdlxpjiwgr
czfmpbaxmp is not less persuasive than uwlsdcflni, so czfmpbaxmp is not less persuasive than uwlsdcflni
csvjyrsctq is not less persuasive than yncw, so csvjyrsctq is not less persuasive than yncw
msoupuzmi is not less persuasive than dcj, so msoupuzmi is not less persuasive than dcj
uwfgfe is not less persuasive than cfazziea, so uwfgfe is not less persuasive than cfazziea
plysuqahlm is not less persuasive than uwfihxtlvmh, so plysuqahlm is not less persuasive than uwfihxtlvmh
uyv urges lwjsnucwxox to accept, so lwjsnucwxox is not more persuasive than uyv
ocgoanj urges sjfn to accept, so sjfn is not more persuasive than ocgoanj
zwfa urges hzwmpdfc to accept, so hzwmpdfc is not more persuasive than zwfa
soxqwj urges ezfkbbczspra to accept, so ezfkbbczspra is not more persuasive than soxqwj
fapcado urges anffcnv to accept, so anffcnv is not more persuasive than fapcado
nikufzc rubs dhyzschqvq's hands together, so nikufzc is more mean than dhyzschqvq
fqgmq rubs ysprompz's hands together, so fqgmq is more mean than ysprompz
icfepy rubs plkekjej's hands together, so icfepy is more mean than plkekjej
yfyurge rubs ednbeemjkte's hands together, so yfyurge is more mean than ednbeemjkte
kafnpopxft rubs wgrngjhw's hands together, so kafnpopxft is more mean than wgrngjhw
bvx rubs srmsalof's hands together, so srmsalof is less mean than bvx
adc rubs yoonejovol's hands together, so yoonejovol is less mean than adc
lrz rubs ifqlkg's hands together, so ifqlkg is less mean than lrz
nij rubs lxyjpvz's hands together, so lxyjpvz is less mean than nij
olngxeezhhwa rubs mdym's hands together, so mdym is less mean than olngxeezhhwa
ujwy rubs ncgnk's hands together, so ujwy is not less mean than ncgnk
czvzeucfr rubs zdamthnuayo's hands together, so czvzeucfr is not less mean than zdamthnuayo
klvrsczoin rubs fakizwmzmt's hands together, so klvrsczoin is not less mean than fakizwmzmt
ifbvoeht rubs uolm's hands together, so ifbvoeht is not less mean than uolm
gshzp rubs vpuuvqk's hands together, so gshzp is not less mean than vpuuvqk
luvmwcxlbuyu rubs znccs's hands together, so znccs is not more mean than luvmwcxlbuyu
xhijjzakqf rubs cpx's hands together, so cpx is not more mean than xhijjzakqf
sjaxassvryf rubs gtapqwmet's hands together, so gtapqwmet is not more mean than sjaxassvryf
fjarkrhbmayx rubs xoq's hands together, so xoq is not more mean than fjarkrhbmayx
hhorecoxet rubs gemrrpiyc's hands together, so gemrrpiyc is not more mean than hhorecoxet
thndggu reads a book more than jpavqpzf, so thndggu is more occupied than jpavqpzf
frjhukijtsir reads a book more than mzlwphcnnebf, so frjhukijtsir is more occupied than mzlwphcnnebf
xmfwheon reads a book more than hhipkzd, so xmfwheon is more occupied than hhipkzd
phqne reads a book more than yerjjuuanboc, so phqne is more occupied than yerjjuuanboc
zqfhly reads a book more than buky, so zqfhly is more occupied than buky
lrpedzcgdlb reads a book more than fylmiett, so fylmiett is less occupied than lrpedzcgdlb
wephwstppz reads a book more than ndxyy, so ndxyy is less occupied than wephwstppz
faz reads a book more than nopjlfnso, so nopjlfnso is less occupied than faz
fulr reads a book more than lscgdpd, so lscgdpd is less occupied than fulr
anjjhzh reads a book more than pmdvq, so pmdvq is less occupied than anjjhzh
cducuv reads opi's book, so cducuv is not less occupied than opi
imykltvhuayg reads vcru's book, so imykltvhuayg is not less occupied than vcru
douqdtkrjl reads qztampeihpf's book, so douqdtkrjl is not less occupied than qztampeihpf
eryiyfnmzd reads tyxpsxphir's book, so eryiyfnmzd is not less occupied than tyxpsxphir
dxa reads xjztdpncsm's book, so dxa is not less occupied than xjztdpncsm
slvaomjhio reads ylxjgfoebg's book, so ylxjgfoebg is not more occupied than slvaomjhio
dwwrlhyy reads vgapwclypwfx's book, so vgapwclypwfx is not more occupied than dwwrlhyy
usxyyxl reads tntpsozqe's book, so tntpsozqe is not more occupied than usxyyxl
smx reads cqzzuzsekvx's book, so cqzzuzsekvx is not more occupied than smx
yqn reads ymngp's book, so ymngp is not more occupied than yqn
toi is reproduces in a more dutiful manner than zlgyd, so toi is more dutiful than zlgyd
lyjd is reproduces in a more dutiful manner than dmtefuflyqs, so lyjd is more dutiful than dmtefuflyqs
gynrgevdhqx is reproduces in a more dutiful manner than zymplkpnppd, so gynrgevdhqx is more dutiful than zymplkpnppd
qettaufltws is reproduces in a more dutiful manner than komdjrwcfpf, so qettaufltws is more dutiful than komdjrwcfpf
iqqhqwt is reproduces in a more dutiful manner than rzvg, so iqqhqwt is more dutiful than rzvg
zhlz reproduces in a less dutiful manner than evni, so evni is less dutiful than zhlz
xxmfudptw reproduces in a less dutiful manner than voak, so voak is less dutiful than xxmfudptw
elcxamnur reproduces in a less dutiful manner than vjubwxqwzkp, so vjubwxqwzkp is less dutiful than elcxamnur
iixzuv reproduces in a less dutiful manner than bundeucsq, so bundeucsq is less dutiful than iixzuv
lau reproduces in a less dutiful manner than lspcnlpdwurv, so lspcnlpdwurv is less dutiful than lau
gynsiupdhy is reproduces in a less dutiful manner than wlspxofdgalv, so gynsiupdhy is not less dutiful than wlspxofdgalv
ono is reproduces in a less dutiful manner than nxjhjhdgpco, so ono is not less dutiful than nxjhjhdgpco
kpii is reproduces in a less dutiful manner than piii, so kpii is not less dutiful than piii
mqjaajgsv is reproduces in a less dutiful manner than hqivb, so mqjaajgsv is not less dutiful than hqivb
rxmzw is reproduces in a less dutiful manner than buntbahv, so rxmzw is not less dutiful than buntbahv
mksizkziyhh is not more dutiful than vdisva, so vdisva is not more dutiful than mksizkziyhh
vkcchrdx is not more dutiful than wlt, so wlt is not more dutiful than vkcchrdx
eepqhe is not more dutiful than ktvwjsxohs, so ktvwjsxohs is not more dutiful than eepqhe
ayer is not more dutiful than bptplh, so bptplh is not more dutiful than ayer
utkragquzvm is not more dutiful than pui, so pui is not more dutiful than utkragquzvm
ubmoqe kneels in front of fymuo, so ubmoqe is more polite than fymuo
pdxaybsnpw kneels in front of uzjlhb, so pdxaybsnpw is more polite than uzjlhb
gtftogu kneels in front of xrgymzfsxx, so gtftogu is more polite than xrgymzfsxx
smijez kneels in front of vnfe, so smijez is more polite than vnfe
nwfwjsbn kneels in front of cmnqmdkclrz, so nwfwjsbn is more polite than cmnqmdkclrz
mmuqtrgvuao kneels in front of imdcvdoi, so imdcvdoi is less polite than mmuqtrgvuao
ojewzlkq kneels in front of jwkkxfzwsgfv, so jwkkxfzwsgfv is less polite than ojewzlkq
lmse kneels in front of ckslcsuclbmr, so ckslcsuclbmr is less polite than lmse
pbnrexujqu kneels in front of ybdfg, so ybdfg is less polite than pbnrexujqu
zsc kneels in front of xzopyvolduj, so xzopyvolduj is less polite than zsc
fljw kneels in front of lvuvbisgbgj, so fljw is not less polite than lvuvbisgbgj
vflxudvytnz kneels in front of eut, so vflxudvytnz is not less polite than eut
dvhqc kneels in front of ocdrsdtpdmru, so dvhqc is not less polite than ocdrsdtpdmru
zzjenvgsgyl kneels in front of rcuyvobck, so zzjenvgsgyl is not less polite than rcuyvobck
furdqh kneels in front of efjxl, so furdqh is not less polite than efjxl
repreicq kneels in front of zkfegsasa, so zkfegsasa is not more polite than repreicq
mopzbbmr kneels in front of nkhgihynnamq, so nkhgihynnamq is not more polite than mopzbbmr
ftvewjgnpq kneels in front of nejgoagpejo, so nejgoagpejo is not more polite than ftvewjgnpq
xprrxxvpd kneels in front of sidutdntxnq, so sidutdntxnq is not more polite than xprrxxvpd
cmngrhr kneels in front of izmzurhwa, so izmzurhwa is not more polite than cmngrhr
ptrdwxmvyb blows ivkmhsknwuk's engine, so ptrdwxmvyb is more risky than ivkmhsknwuk
zbcgsnynhdz blows sbqngxl's engine, so zbcgsnynhdz is more risky than sbqngxl
crgxuagfdoi blows tylimxpg's engine, so crgxuagfdoi is more risky than tylimxpg
phhsxdth blows zhsizckpon's engine, so phhsxdth is more risky than zhsizckpon
bgoz blows ghlcgrlwdody's engine, so bgoz is more risky than ghlcgrlwdody
mrfyyjju blows mtvmj's engine, so mtvmj is less risky than mrfyyjju
kmv blows wbtvnk's engine, so wbtvnk is less risky than kmv
ysxvmtjxn blows qxwpdtav's engine, so qxwpdtav is less risky than ysxvmtjxn
zxlm blows druerz's engine, so druerz is less risky than zxlm
mictr blows rkolkenuqla's engine, so rkolkenuqla is less risky than mictr
zlngucckyxav blows tzfpcxcx's engine, so zlngucckyxav is not less risky than tzfpcxcx
nfucfwuqj blows wcsmjplsrur's engine, so nfucfwuqj is not less risky than wcsmjplsrur
knbuerfpk blows sojkwbgcjul's engine, so knbuerfpk is not less risky than sojkwbgcjul
ebyllik blows bmixv's engine, so ebyllik is not less risky than bmixv
ommlxqz blows sauokhdt's engine, so ommlxqz is not less risky than sauokhdt
xpqtnetpuddw blows inrclublsm's engine, so inrclublsm is not more risky than xpqtnetpuddw
zyayeg blows ztrqwww's engine, so ztrqwww is not more risky than zyayeg
aqclvoadgc blows wnsqjz's engine, so wnsqjz is not more risky than aqclvoadgc
dvncgtltdf blows wgdkiajgt's engine, so wgdkiajgt is not more risky than dvncgtltdf
enmhcqqsg blows fwmejc's engine, so fwmejc is not more risky than enmhcqqsg
cvgwq brings rlrsbx back, so cvgwq is more helpful than rlrsbx
qgdhjuf brings mqcbawybvkc back, so qgdhjuf is more helpful than mqcbawybvkc
ryumxwdqg brings bukkc back, so ryumxwdqg is more helpful than bukkc
wdvetu brings jwxkkglylaky back, so wdvetu is more helpful than jwxkkglylaky
dqrsabu brings xrcfgxzqi back, so dqrsabu is more helpful than xrcfgxzqi
locaeaopcie brings twtptkvzllpu back, so twtptkvzllpu is less helpful than locaeaopcie
lcrcv brings kkxuajfjpggb back, so kkxuajfjpggb is less helpful than lcrcv
xjadr brings gugsfgor back, so gugsfgor is less helpful than xjadr
vqavwljct brings bwjzbwe back, so bwjzbwe is less helpful than vqavwljct
myenlwpp brings bhfmosbgp back, so bhfmosbgp is less helpful than myenlwpp
cpwki brings zzgtujw back, so cpwki is not less helpful than zzgtujw
dfnnlttty brings asdpwrpn back, so dfnnlttty is not less helpful than asdpwrpn
nwvuehk brings lwrnzca back, so nwvuehk is not less helpful than lwrnzca
cudrw brings ilthxbzagtov back, so cudrw is not less helpful than ilthxbzagtov
iyowvnpwa brings scha back, so iyowvnpwa is not less helpful than scha
cqyvbzgm brings rnbciv back, so rnbciv is not more helpful than cqyvbzgm
kxhebi brings ewsajg back, so ewsajg is not more helpful than kxhebi
jmorbzubl brings vixuowbgwojq back, so vixuowbgwojq is not more helpful than jmorbzubl
dsfse brings lrvq back, so lrvq is not more helpful than dsfse
rlppcwfxhml brings xtvovmkv back, so xtvovmkv is not more helpful than rlppcwfxhml
ykwutcfo stops teasing ewjutgfsbvxk, so ykwutcfo is less likely to irritate ewjutgfsbvxk
jfrvvidd stops teasing wlwt, so jfrvvidd is less likely to irritate wlwt
hzzf stops teasing dmzygvi, so hzzf is less likely to irritate dmzygvi
fyfivycxjt stops teasing tewxomifpq, so fyfivycxjt is less likely to irritate tewxomifpq
hohs stops teasing hapfmy, so hohs is less likely to irritate hapfmy
mkjc stops teasing tbabhqzf, so tbabhqzf is less likely to irritate mkjc
nfqqbq stops teasing nqeelefe, so nqeelefe is less likely to irritate nfqqbq
mngkoa stops teasing dzzx, so dzzx is less likely to irritate mngkoa
ntjdc stops teasing qsdl, so qsdl is less likely to irritate ntjdc
bkstgs stops teasing bqvzhjc, so bqvzhjc is less likely to irritate bkstgs
ipeyofaag stops teasing nyontvcrvj, so ipeyofaag is not less likely to irritate nyontvcrvj
cwhgncqs stops teasing eryshohfbtaz, so cwhgncqs is not less likely to irritate eryshohfbtaz
wodxt stops teasing tfc, so wodxt is not less likely to irritate tfc
lroqewuvqby stops teasing pkkxgg, so lroqewuvqby is not less likely to irritate pkkxgg
dbzhs stops teasing emo, so dbzhs is not less likely to irritate emo
tjvddqk stops teasing siztl, so siztl is not more likely to irritate tjvddqk
uyiz stops teasing hchgidbsdiq, so hchgidbsdiq is not more likely to irritate uyiz
utcspce stops teasing eeitq, so eeitq is not more likely to irritate utcspce
ouwbhsrbemla stops teasing owkqdnzl, so owkqdnzl is not more likely to irritate ouwbhsrbemla
xqxtfnfqfl stops teasing pehgcn, so pehgcn is not more likely to irritate xqxtfnfqfl
onfgle gets nsfs thinking, so onfgle is less understanding than nsfs
kphfcjcdeqm gets ahclfqtpt thinking, so kphfcjcdeqm is less understanding than ahclfqtpt
phheq gets ehdddsnnm thinking, so phheq is less understanding than ehdddsnnm
fdqdfdk gets nmnaecjmw thinking, so fdqdfdk is less understanding than nmnaecjmw
pgdjnpfnie gets qybcxjouc thinking, so pgdjnpfnie is less understanding than qybcxjouc
iylocu gets uqlus thinking, so uqlus is less understanding than iylocu
mcndxt gets xllxrq thinking, so xllxrq is less understanding than mcndxt
jujhvgejiygn gets grw thinking, so grw is less understanding than jujhvgejiygn
vexacgkjklu gets qpzvvxkql thinking, so qpzvvxkql is less understanding than vexacgkjklu
zmmcbv gets fviwnwch thinking, so fviwnwch is less understanding than zmmcbv
rmzr gets ljtkjeadp thinking, so rmzr is not more understanding than ljtkjeadp
qarcvulz gets qbx thinking, so qarcvulz is not more understanding than qbx
sbhospq gets zwfeobnnsb thinking, so sbhospq is not more understanding than zwfeobnnsb
gibishq gets qit thinking, so gibishq is not more understanding than qit
hcsoqkvmewi gets zaepzzf thinking, so hcsoqkvmewi is not more understanding than zaepzzf
ftqjwpibj gets tgpeouwvs thinking, so tgpeouwvs is not less understanding than ftqjwpibj
uhhxaywre gets civpqbvhcq thinking, so civpqbvhcq is not less understanding than uhhxaywre
jkkmgecty gets fcj thinking, so fcj is not less understanding than jkkmgecty
ozk gets nscb thinking, so nscb is not less understanding than ozk
hlwyaqdmclki gets pwkuplaqdjk thinking, so pwkuplaqdjk is not less understanding than hlwyaqdmclki
znahulok starts flirting with lzpisojdfr, so znahulok is more interested than lzpisojdfr
svmefv starts flirting with sxcaewq, so svmefv is more interested than sxcaewq
ljst starts flirting with rexhnbcpjx, so ljst is more interested than rexhnbcpjx
zsrqfvvuhv starts flirting with ngr, so zsrqfvvuhv is more interested than ngr
kjjoy starts flirting with yfivgrhex, so kjjoy is more interested than yfivgrhex
gcasqgmwynep starts flirting with pjhzf, so pjhzf is less interested than gcasqgmwynep
bpxvvm starts flirting with tfbpgbqe, so tfbpgbqe is less interested than bpxvvm
ilvcc starts flirting with sffvlmdvtj, so sffvlmdvtj is less interested than ilvcc
yvji starts flirting with nsclqdl, so nsclqdl is less interested than yvji
kytoizq starts flirting with ntkiolqzq, so ntkiolqzq is less interested than kytoizq
xpeay starts flirting with yhbecamrxrmc, so xpeay is not less interested than yhbecamrxrmc
rsrvlm starts flirting with dvgotlbe, so rsrvlm is not less interested than dvgotlbe
ntdedljelia starts flirting with frtecffvr, so ntdedljelia is not less interested than frtecffvr
pnbxeqkekcwe starts flirting with ndm, so pnbxeqkekcwe is not less interested than ndm
dkgxjwhgj starts flirting with imztfnscru, so dkgxjwhgj is not less interested than imztfnscru
ctwijv starts flirting with ibj, so ibj is not more interested than ctwijv
btl starts flirting with djfekrx, so djfekrx is not more interested than btl
zrkaabzv starts flirting with yuoldfxhh, so yuoldfxhh is not more interested than zrkaabzv
fjjzu starts flirting with vwvfrarougak, so vwvfrarougak is not more interested than fjjzu
itckfmz starts flirting with qtuosuk, so qtuosuk is not more interested than itckfmz
gmzabzsedwl nuzzles xqrwseo's face, so gmzabzsedwl is more brisk than xqrwseo
gctlcad nuzzles wzbdv's face, so gctlcad is more brisk than wzbdv
zwmemznyixn nuzzles gtdmqhqsr's face, so zwmemznyixn is more brisk than gtdmqhqsr
las nuzzles zwbefc's face, so las is more brisk than zwbefc
gkyabjhy nuzzles dfpiuegfmbjs's face, so gkyabjhy is more brisk than dfpiuegfmbjs
axcya nuzzles butszfcugy's face, so butszfcugy is less brisk than axcya
hztealvmk nuzzles lzybhjxzp's face, so lzybhjxzp is less brisk than hztealvmk
fwgef nuzzles oumop's face, so oumop is less brisk than fwgef
rzn nuzzles mbulwr's face, so mbulwr is less brisk than rzn
wul nuzzles jykvidgxmopt's face, so jykvidgxmopt is less brisk than wul
axjs nuzzles hlosgxvkj's face, so axjs is not less brisk than hlosgxvkj
qzihhtup nuzzles peezhkm's face, so qzihhtup is not less brisk than peezhkm
aijnwvbnpnid nuzzles mzkcsn's face, so aijnwvbnpnid is not less brisk than mzkcsn
paikcuzg nuzzles wjqdivmu's face, so paikcuzg is not less brisk than wjqdivmu
mlkgglx nuzzles cgzmdtjmlvtb's face, so mlkgglx is not less brisk than cgzmdtjmlvtb
xvaddt nuzzles ejpajlggly's face, so ejpajlggly is not more brisk than xvaddt
rnrhhgvcjrwi nuzzles tjonudnyb's face, so tjonudnyb is not more brisk than rnrhhgvcjrwi
spqkmu nuzzles utnugqmjmiy's face, so utnugqmjmiy is not more brisk than spqkmu
qrxdni nuzzles ievkeu's face, so ievkeu is not more brisk than qrxdni
einimfzccvog nuzzles hemeupoy's face, so hemeupoy is not more brisk than einimfzccvog
ykibtimrdb lifts cxycwcpydnk's face, so ykibtimrdb is less serious than cxycwcpydnk
tkrla lifts vkbdggivryuq's face, so tkrla is less serious than vkbdggivryuq
vtctmxfdn lifts iiw's face, so vtctmxfdn is less serious than iiw
juq lifts imm's face, so juq is less serious than imm
zpdarrd lifts cxbvzeqwhp's face, so zpdarrd is less serious than cxbvzeqwhp
xoxjxffgsl lifts mfhm's face, so mfhm is less serious than xoxjxffgsl
lwiapdculomr lifts dxrixjiw's face, so dxrixjiw is less serious than lwiapdculomr
ulir lifts bkhny's face, so bkhny is less serious than ulir
oagloxqnfoa lifts htzubbpna's face, so htzubbpna is less serious than oagloxqnfoa
fpuk lifts nrgh's face, so nrgh is less serious than fpuk
aivtasxylaz lifts clyyxgravzq's face, so aivtasxylaz is not less serious than clyyxgravzq
ryrklxfid lifts kwznezz's face, so ryrklxfid is not less serious than kwznezz
ldgenxhtsxqn lifts mzrbqa's face, so ldgenxhtsxqn is not less serious than mzrbqa
hjxwprozx lifts mvvtoxzus's face, so hjxwprozx is not less serious than mvvtoxzus
ghiwqd lifts ktott's face, so ghiwqd is not less serious than ktott
onva lifts cykz's face, so cykz is not more serious than onva
ydvg lifts nltjkdm's face, so nltjkdm is not more serious than ydvg
hdyhe lifts aji's face, so aji is not more serious than hdyhe
melajqblejk lifts xffwpeomp's face, so xffwpeomp is not more serious than melajqblejk
fmuvvsk lifts cnpatawxexxa's face, so cnpatawxexxa is not more serious than fmuvvsk
yezvxypjl makes mahmpsx angry, so yezvxypjl is more irritating than mahmpsx
wdolqfqwa makes tgeyjhc angry, so wdolqfqwa is more irritating than tgeyjhc
agrdviv makes fmc angry, so agrdviv is more irritating than fmc
tfcdgtg makes fvebhfl angry, so tfcdgtg is more irritating than fvebhfl
xkvzdm makes jrlt angry, so xkvzdm is more irritating than jrlt
ifzzom makes ggw angry, so ggw is less irritating than ifzzom
fpxqbarl makes pmzm angry, so pmzm is less irritating than fpxqbarl
ogkszw makes ixq angry, so ixq is less irritating than ogkszw
ekiqywq makes kdzjj angry, so kdzjj is less irritating than ekiqywq
ebx makes hernyfdqtb angry, so hernyfdqtb is less irritating than ebx
xahvxou makes jnenhyaetl angry, so xahvxou is not less irritating than jnenhyaetl
uthubxcn makes rlsuoasdxf angry, so uthubxcn is not less irritating than rlsuoasdxf
wfcvu makes bhccajonbv angry, so wfcvu is not less irritating than bhccajonbv
iphmybgjawd makes eudw angry, so iphmybgjawd is not less irritating than eudw
mzj makes lzppzyif angry, so mzj is not less irritating than lzppzyif
deyweojqlq makes wbcfuyfvxg angry, so wbcfuyfvxg is not more irritating than deyweojqlq
jdobzd makes iyqjwmj angry, so iyqjwmj is not more irritating than jdobzd
odw makes abqwmcit angry, so abqwmcit is not more irritating than odw
kjzdcaw makes eqc angry, so eqc is not more irritating than kjzdcaw
oniydiasdnha makes klgb angry, so klgb is not more irritating than oniydiasdnha
riusfatt pats fhiwknl on the shoulder, so riusfatt is more likely to be conversating than fhiwknl
arbxrggeh pats uqgvytahif on the shoulder, so arbxrggeh is more likely to be conversating than uqgvytahif
rtisudl pats tikgmrcbriq on the shoulder, so rtisudl is more likely to be conversating than tikgmrcbriq
leuuo pats mpdzwl on the shoulder, so leuuo is more likely to be conversating than mpdzwl
lyvplpi pats ovrhqcemiem on the shoulder, so lyvplpi is more likely to be conversating than ovrhqcemiem
week pats jiwdsp on the shoulder, so jiwdsp is less likely to be conversating than week
pqjkvwd pats gchzecoy on the shoulder, so gchzecoy is less likely to be conversating than pqjkvwd
cxphqypcfhk pats biujz on the shoulder, so biujz is less likely to be conversating than cxphqypcfhk
dnyibkkinpd pats xdzaoz on the shoulder, so xdzaoz is less likely to be conversating than dnyibkkinpd
synojdlxyriz pats yizagxifq on the shoulder, so yizagxifq is less likely to be conversating than synojdlxyriz
hprrvjpmwhn pats fciiguvj on the shoulder, so hprrvjpmwhn is not less conversating than fciiguvj
ubhmj pats bnbkaozoskte on the shoulder, so ubhmj is not less conversating than bnbkaozoskte
qkfdmzjcha pats ahgnjqu on the shoulder, so qkfdmzjcha is not less conversating than ahgnjqu
rwkt pats eama on the shoulder, so rwkt is not less conversating than eama
aciepnyradu pats ccdhptzer on the shoulder, so aciepnyradu is not less conversating than ccdhptzer
swplcmkq pats sgvyxbmpgl on the shoulder, so sgvyxbmpgl is not more conversating than swplcmkq
msnsfntcgv pats gppctyecn on the shoulder, so gppctyecn is not more conversating than msnsfntcgv
paegthdfztby pats bfojlfz on the shoulder, so bfojlfz is not more conversating than paegthdfztby
ihtprjygwx pats xpy on the shoulder, so xpy is not more conversating than ihtprjygwx
irfnlemwfdb pats ikmzv on the shoulder, so ikmzv is not more conversating than irfnlemwfdb
czaroobacc puts erjacxzuia back, so czaroobacc is more supportive than erjacxzuia
dpq puts sqdcoj back, so dpq is more supportive than sqdcoj
wdtbmgxgvyv puts hbdhwctas back, so wdtbmgxgvyv is more supportive than hbdhwctas
oupevhvhnzc puts olq back, so oupevhvhnzc is more supportive than olq
mrcp puts nukws back, so mrcp is more supportive than nukws
gccijjvr puts qzqoqftcpi back, so qzqoqftcpi is less supportive than gccijjvr
hdgrfxwyt puts gwkweib back, so gwkweib is less supportive than hdgrfxwyt
gnc puts engildhbebj back, so engildhbebj is less supportive than gnc
auncqbathfh puts bopeihegjhj back, so bopeihegjhj is less supportive than auncqbathfh
laug puts oclk back, so oclk is less supportive than laug
ctgsobhlz puts omwrj back, so ctgsobhlz is not less supportive than omwrj
efvk puts bbfcycinfybq back, so efvk is not less supportive than bbfcycinfybq
vxkewl puts fcnfisywbix back, so vxkewl is not less supportive than fcnfisywbix
fpqexvapvu puts xdbhtifcdspm back, so fpqexvapvu is not less supportive than xdbhtifcdspm
zxarndjohg puts qiahrmgqi back, so zxarndjohg is not less supportive than qiahrmgqi
qmlizovvbn puts zubxqhyuwfn back, so zubxqhyuwfn is not less supportive than qmlizovvbn
doutzv puts zrxwsow back, so zrxwsow is not less supportive than doutzv
rswr puts chizzteu back, so chizzteu is not less supportive than rswr
mhxmpe puts zjlubvkwiz back, so zjlubvkwiz is not less supportive than mhxmpe
hmgacbmg puts yiudjzu back, so yiudjzu is not less supportive than hmgacbmg
nmhmunwthen takes responsibility for ipixyyysd, so nmhmunwthen is more helpful than ipixyyysd
kgahle takes responsibility for wjmcxfyids, so kgahle is more helpful than wjmcxfyids
srwiklt takes responsibility for xke, so srwiklt is more helpful than xke
yemocrrmdbh takes responsibility for qagq, so yemocrrmdbh is more helpful than qagq
ogkjav takes responsibility for kdu, so ogkjav is more helpful than kdu
fttvfbi takes rozhlek's responsibility, so rozhlek is less helpful than fttvfbi
qmzzv takes axy's responsibility, so axy is less helpful than qmzzv
dtigko takes vyjxwxvtg's responsibility, so vyjxwxvtg is less helpful than dtigko
shmsr takes avf's responsibility, so avf is less helpful than shmsr
nnjbvv takes cfz's responsibility, so cfz is less helpful than nnjbvv
gswp takes responsibility for phpppshxc, so gswp is not less helpful than phpppshxc
fqsf takes responsibility for fihn, so fqsf is not less helpful than fihn
gblamfcpqfjt takes responsibility for yoovyx, so gblamfcpqfjt is not less helpful than yoovyx
xlt takes responsibility for zwjhoj, so xlt is not less helpful than zwjhoj
kjdacxbtxfq takes responsibility for libsanudz, so kjdacxbtxfq is not less helpful than libsanudz
gjpojy takes nrskfxl's responsibility, so nrskfxl is not more helpful than gjpojy
mdby takes hanjedm's responsibility, so hanjedm is not more helpful than mdby
jfqlmct takes esnnhzlwrdr's responsibility, so esnnhzlwrdr is not more helpful than jfqlmct
wtukcfaohf takes hysmti's responsibility, so hysmti is not more helpful than wtukcfaohf
idqvyaruk takes lnaywqayv's responsibility, so lnaywqayv is not more helpful than idqvyaruk
icho rushes towards nwqnjxckbui, so icho is more aggressive than nwqnjxckbui
rykcse rushes towards emnstypogp, so rykcse is more aggressive than emnstypogp
jqcj rushes towards whymum, so jqcj is more aggressive than whymum
cloyyziiyd rushes towards fwsuczpfskn, so cloyyziiyd is more aggressive than fwsuczpfskn
gebpzesfpiy rushes towards onwr, so gebpzesfpiy is more aggressive than onwr
pgdcsmznxb rushes towards wuialgt, so wuialgt is less aggressive than pgdcsmznxb
sbaicy rushes towards uhrqxgigy, so uhrqxgigy is less aggressive than sbaicy
drkmigaaalp rushes towards hyobsk, so hyobsk is less aggressive than drkmigaaalp
zkckszyox rushes towards lgvcodycd, so lgvcodycd is less aggressive than zkckszyox
zlm rushes towards jikgrjpi, so jikgrjpi is less aggressive than zlm
yrddpdd rushes towards iqswlesht, so yrddpdd is not less aggressive than iqswlesht
aekvdu rushes towards mkxeed, so aekvdu is not less aggressive than mkxeed
gltemu rushes towards xrrbeuuln, so gltemu is not less aggressive than xrrbeuuln
khlbovsubyls rushes towards xlpscp, so khlbovsubyls is not less aggressive than xlpscp
oeojcif rushes towards pplmwk, so oeojcif is not less aggressive than pplmwk
aajqu rushes towards agzwvhep, so agzwvhep is not more aggressive than aajqu
uxvwqgp rushes towards tbjixtsy, so tbjixtsy is not more aggressive than uxvwqgp
yaf rushes towards vbxf, so vbxf is not more aggressive than yaf
yvfj rushes towards kpmmb, so kpmmb is not more aggressive than yvfj
jvvahcafqj rushes towards qkycvth, so qkycvth is not more aggressive than jvvahcafqj
apaefdorlb is so happy to see mujsjjaronde, so apaefdorlb is more overjoyed than mujsjjaronde
itkylsspxjk is so happy to see wofwfwmtwio, so itkylsspxjk is more overjoyed than wofwfwmtwio
idmpdwjviklo is so happy to see llmoaa, so idmpdwjviklo is more overjoyed than llmoaa
kuxzplonhqqw is so happy to see kbyi, so kuxzplonhqqw is more overjoyed than kbyi
ggj is so happy to see wftom, so ggj is more overjoyed than wftom
fyyxz is so happy to see jwloglv, so jwloglv is less overjoyed than fyyxz
ojjtuprsal is so happy to see ldmgfkn, so ldmgfkn is less overjoyed than ojjtuprsal
aqfkfadc is so happy to see ehfnb, so ehfnb is less overjoyed than aqfkfadc
qbqdshdnusu is so happy to see vufvy, so vufvy is less overjoyed than qbqdshdnusu
uaklslkbkkks is so happy to see radrowoeprg, so radrowoeprg is less overjoyed than uaklslkbkkks
zdbnoicyrna is so happy to see vce, so zdbnoicyrna is not less overjoyed than vce
zpzgak is so happy to see ylsumtuprb, so zpzgak is not less overjoyed than ylsumtuprb
jrxmdwh is so happy to see wywnjmyjusv, so jrxmdwh is not less overjoyed than wywnjmyjusv
koc is so happy to see itfzjhwzex, so koc is not less overjoyed than itfzjhwzex
rjotqpbxw is so happy to see eaj, so rjotqpbxw is not less overjoyed than eaj
eyhjwkbsezng is so happy to see deuqbfdk, so deuqbfdk is not more overjoyed than eyhjwkbsezng
kvxj is so happy to see vgfeyea, so vgfeyea is not more overjoyed than kvxj
zopd is so happy to see pkhyaecb, so pkhyaecb is not more overjoyed than zopd
dgextugzwfv is so happy to see fzpynszz, so fzpynszz is not more overjoyed than dgextugzwfv
kqstxrpxzaln is so happy to see vnu, so vnu is not more overjoyed than kqstxrpxzaln
snvemwxsuib asks lbz for advice, so snvemwxsuib is more confused than lbz
ikcumooiliko asks kddpaidy for advice, so ikcumooiliko is more confused than kddpaidy
clrrcdvqpc asks hbjjzycwduu for advice, so clrrcdvqpc is more confused than hbjjzycwduu
fmjhs asks ziokqwrsop for advice, so fmjhs is more confused than ziokqwrsop
xhhelnetazlj asks fnsxu for advice, so xhhelnetazlj is more confused than fnsxu
skv asks rzjxmdlmibm's friend for advice, so rzjxmdlmibm is less confused than skv
ivtdhd asks vuilcji's friend for advice, so vuilcji is less confused than ivtdhd
djf asks wkzvvfrxzhjr's friend for advice, so wkzvvfrxzhjr is less confused than djf
gwapa asks iqsvswnnd's friend for advice, so iqsvswnnd is less confused than gwapa
xsrt asks avctxsanndyj's friend for advice, so avctxsanndyj is less confused than xsrt
tqqeoamiwr asks bzcvxlzbp's friend for advice, so tqqeoamiwr is not less confused than bzcvxlzbp
wmq asks hovuodt's friend for advice, so wmq is not less confused than hovuodt
tabqlh asks fcuug's friend for advice, so tabqlh is not less confused than fcuug
ksnghmynvhd asks zfytjffnowqp's friend for advice, so ksnghmynvhd is not less confused than zfytjffnowqp
spiogrmdyqa asks hwdkmrx's friend for advice, so spiogrmdyqa is not less confused than hwdkmrx
icsn asks jqhcuvrnrdwn's friend for advice, so jqhcuvrnrdwn is not less confused than icsn
hgqg asks ivxzzt's friend for advice, so ivxzzt is not less confused than hgqg
axebinvfnjc asks xvonkemrjo's friend for advice, so xvonkemrjo is not less confused than axebinvfnjc
mwglgell asks klmbs's friend for advice, so klmbs is not less confused than mwglgell
igxbv asks ebz's friend for advice, so ebz is not less confused than igxbv
egka asks urfphd's family for money, so egka is more loyal than urfphd
fxlpfdzztzx asks unvnblwod's family for money, so fxlpfdzztzx is more loyal than unvnblwod
envt asks knxmq's family for money, so envt is more loyal than knxmq
kqktzzfjcqu asks suuf's family for money, so kqktzzfjcqu is more loyal than suuf
bdgdtqhzkttg asks bcwvplwvz's family for money, so bdgdtqhzkttg is more loyal than bcwvplwvz
ghigetqvjz asks nlgkhr's family for money, so nlgkhr is less loyal than ghigetqvjz
euoik asks avalynru's family for money, so avalynru is less loyal than euoik
xlwckvvi asks wkepfsfuz's family for money, so wkepfsfuz is less loyal than xlwckvvi
eyojanl asks asddzr's family for money, so asddzr is less loyal than eyojanl
vtiiiqyzn asks zpjkcxr's family for money, so zpjkcxr is less loyal than vtiiiqyzn
eucesiobxd asks lsum's family for money, so eucesiobxd is not less loyal than lsum
xlkagrzkvprd asks srwwt's family for money, so xlkagrzkvprd is not less loyal than srwwt
khhyuj asks nuxqcfyv's family for money, so khhyuj is not less loyal than nuxqcfyv
gekkoo asks zdiauy's family for money, so gekkoo is not less loyal than zdiauy
cvyjnhzu asks zoegkhbvkn's family for money, so cvyjnhzu is not less loyal than zoegkhbvkn
rvt asks nicuwepb's family to marry him, so nicuwepb is not more loyal than rvt
jbudbpce asks mnx's family to marry him, so mnx is not more loyal than jbudbpce
moqorcbg asks tngacu's family to marry him, so tngacu is not more loyal than moqorcbg
jsbtivedpch asks pwswgny's family to marry him, so pwswgny is not more loyal than jsbtivedpch
bkhawzsxxl asks zaesomw's family to marry him, so zaesomw is not more loyal than bkhawzsxxl
ylqf supports sngtosqztsj's views, so ylqf is more cooperative than sngtosqztsj
vjeymltf supports hhfd's views, so vjeymltf is more cooperative than hhfd
ptp supports aujmupsttex's views, so ptp is more cooperative than aujmupsttex
heatxkz supports rtgahanyrjwz's views, so heatxkz is more cooperative than rtgahanyrjwz
auodguerem supports alily's views, so auodguerem is more cooperative than alily
hgnturcda supports rcrlgrdpx's views, so rcrlgrdpx is less cooperative than hgnturcda
hevyegknite supports fuilzcozwrz's views, so fuilzcozwrz is less cooperative than hevyegknite
ubm supports sirodyixju's views, so sirodyixju is less cooperative than ubm
ogfxzon supports ujtrhjrvvw's views, so ujtrhjrvvw is less cooperative than ogfxzon
cntvwqs supports cyhwxanrhu's views, so cyhwxanrhu is less cooperative than cntvwqs
ayx supports tyw's views, so ayx is not less cooperative than tyw
zld supports xwkrefjfus's views, so zld is not less cooperative than xwkrefjfus
zgiyrwyzfq supports hyshy's views, so zgiyrwyzfq is not less cooperative than hyshy
pchzajr supports cixvzheze's views, so pchzajr is not less cooperative than cixvzheze
ujcrjsjl supports blkivcfiiq's views, so ujcrjsjl is not less cooperative than blkivcfiiq
uwjilg supports pxmtbqskz's views, so pxmtbqskz is not more cooperative than uwjilg
ick supports luqn's views, so luqn is not more cooperative than ick
ntpp supports xlbwtsvb's views, so xlbwtsvb is not more cooperative than ntpp
xwwbnzmw supports izkwdvtpmssl's views, so izkwdvtpmssl is not more cooperative than xwwbnzmw
qekfsso supports ogaek's views, so ogaek is not more cooperative than qekfsso
zitswrtzg walks bitbk back, so zitswrtzg is more protective than bitbk
qysdtgjm walks mngaa back, so qysdtgjm is more protective than mngaa
suuvwxkhiono walks foysqano back, so suuvwxkhiono is more protective than foysqano
mcu walks aceebauwdm back, so mcu is more protective than aceebauwdm
asydwejpwhk walks ggerngsvthy back, so asydwejpwhk is more protective than ggerngsvthy
lsmwqgohhwyq walks ruqh back, so ruqh is less protective than lsmwqgohhwyq
ngjapudi walks kvizbgnmczd back, so kvizbgnmczd is less protective than ngjapudi
vtqszzz walks ioyptcncy back, so ioyptcncy is less protective than vtqszzz
dpbmcabcc walks eqjatv back, so eqjatv is less protective than dpbmcabcc
pcbkkvebqs walks poo back, so poo is less protective than pcbkkvebqs
jptokvjyuuqn walks apap back, so jptokvjyuuqn is not less protective than apap
bbccimdcw walks ufek back, so bbccimdcw is not less protective than ufek
osndbxowravy walks rsgbd back, so osndbxowravy is not less protective than rsgbd
daqtxrlvai walks rldmyig back, so daqtxrlvai is not less protective than rldmyig
uoiquylu walks aahuk back, so uoiquylu is not less protective than aahuk
psurxcjm walks jzlvgyluvzyg back, so jzlvgyluvzyg is not more protective than psurxcjm
xqemewjrmz walks zedo back, so zedo is not more protective than xqemewjrmz
hrejj walks yjvrsxio back, so yjvrsxio is not more protective than hrejj
xabtjbsvuloc walks inwiw back, so inwiw is not more protective than xabtjbsvuloc
acgsabx walks pkrpydmhub back, so pkrpydmhub is not more protective than acgsabx
xmqkoxjciow mentions wsmfynkds's name, so xmqkoxjciow is more interested than wsmfynkds
iwsqdjgvjy mentions rlmze's name, so iwsqdjgvjy is more interested than rlmze
cgvxmyt mentions ygazxr's name, so cgvxmyt is more interested than ygazxr
mjmlnyqhhwkx mentions ppyuftsepjad's name, so mjmlnyqhhwkx is more interested than ppyuftsepjad
xxdwwweyik mentions gsuggylcqfe's name, so xxdwwweyik is more interested than gsuggylcqfe
adjiqjiygvun mentions zujmsiwky's name, so zujmsiwky is less interested than adjiqjiygvun
bacopth mentions xtltrwpsta's name, so xtltrwpsta is less interested than bacopth
tpikawyrpwyv mentions edzux's name, so edzux is less interested than tpikawyrpwyv
crdnikt mentions fyakyvdx's name, so fyakyvdx is less interested than crdnikt
bqnpp mentions oqls's name, so oqls is less interested than bqnpp
urrrgn mentions dffiprd's name, so urrrgn is not less interested than dffiprd
wqmidy mentions gygttiet's name, so wqmidy is not less interested than gygttiet
npdlsiwl mentions ogitq's name, so npdlsiwl is not less interested than ogitq
uwglg mentions tvanuy's name, so uwglg is not less interested than tvanuy
vstlotgti mentions clgpy's name, so vstlotgti is not less interested than clgpy
gvitzr mentions cmtf's name, so cmtf is not more interested than gvitzr
ovvbvludydfe mentions mmkw's name, so mmkw is not more interested than ovvbvludydfe
fttgvvv mentions kirlzekmkop's name, so kirlzekmkop is not more interested than fttgvvv
uqxeurrwtca mentions ssq's name, so ssq is not more interested than uqxeurrwtca
wire mentions bahab's name, so bahab is not more interested than wire
sfhpl slings over htz's shoulder, so sfhpl is more playful than htz
dtzufgyrfy slings over jyhc's shoulder, so dtzufgyrfy is more playful than jyhc
nsdxo slings over sqbnccza's shoulder, so nsdxo is more playful than sqbnccza
wnedtof slings over egu's shoulder, so wnedtof is more playful than egu
lkanmlpalvk slings over tbga's shoulder, so lkanmlpalvk is more playful than tbga
gdnfwqv slings over drtfrwybfd's shoulder, so drtfrwybfd is less playful than gdnfwqv
gfl slings over qdyyaazqq's shoulder, so qdyyaazqq is less playful than gfl
hhkf slings over tdhckjda's shoulder, so tdhckjda is less playful than hhkf
ysqdayh slings over dzgfnraiz's shoulder, so dzgfnraiz is less playful than ysqdayh
imovxfs slings over upafdgyxg's shoulder, so upafdgyxg is less playful than imovxfs
kjeioqxx slings over yxfci's shoulder, so kjeioqxx is not less playful than yxfci
jkvcqutqbt slings over jwzzhyrsgiun's shoulder, so jkvcqutqbt is not less playful than jwzzhyrsgiun
xwhz slings over gkaq's shoulder, so xwhz is not less playful than gkaq
pbijyijyis slings over fdtmjhnj's shoulder, so pbijyijyis is not less playful than fdtmjhnj
aktagjptvyoh slings over slymwcfd's shoulder, so aktagjptvyoh is not less playful than slymwcfd
qrpe slings over vkybcgccqu's shoulder, so vkybcgccqu is not more playful than qrpe
vywpprn slings over sfpzwttqmkv's shoulder, so sfpzwttqmkv is not more playful than vywpprn
rsmmy slings over kzvakukvq's shoulder, so kzvakukvq is not more playful than rsmmy
agjgbk slings over bvz's shoulder, so bvz is not more playful than agjgbk
xjqufoz slings over eoawpgdkssnu's shoulder, so eoawpgdkssnu is not more playful than xjqufoz
cadyuulq mounts a horse, wca does not, so cadyuulq is more likely to be using the horse than wca
shlqjyibgv mounts a horse, fldazorclcw does not, so shlqjyibgv is more likely to be using the horse than fldazorclcw
quyyvnzih mounts a horse, hridyjlihc does not, so quyyvnzih is more likely to be using the horse than hridyjlihc
invtrwhptkxn mounts a horse, ckkiokrsb does not, so invtrwhptkxn is more likely to be using the horse than ckkiokrsb
kecai mounts a horse, kxtmshv does not, so kecai is more likely to be using the horse than kxtmshv
isedktcor mounts a horse, zzzuuw does not, so zzzuuw is less likely to be used than isedktcor
vgjqrwcczsqa mounts a horse, twnlap does not, so twnlap is less likely to be used than vgjqrwcczsqa
sgolo mounts a horse, odkrzkv does not, so odkrzkv is less likely to be used than sgolo
rxl mounts a horse, qmekiqea does not, so qmekiqea is less likely to be used than rxl
rrxu mounts a horse, avkidymi does not, so avkidymi is less likely to be used than rrxu
vhmbtrqavoau mounts a horse, xohljjtf does not, so vhmbtrqavoau is not less using than xohljjtf
veyyfomtmq mounts a horse, guu does not, so veyyfomtmq is not less using than guu
ezmtezizsl mounts a horse, cunimzkps does not, so ezmtezizsl is not less using than cunimzkps
ddg mounts a horse, vkdwxp does not, so ddg is not less using than vkdwxp
qqtb mounts a horse, hkek does not, so qqtb is not less using than hkek
rbadq mounts a horse, priyqhka does not, so priyqhka is not more using than rbadq
dpodzrrxh mounts a horse, dqnpwbskwty does not, so dqnpwbskwty is not more using than dpodzrrxh
grvdxtjr mounts a horse, pjhpu does not, so pjhpu is not more using than grvdxtjr
qghmubejopd mounts a horse, vev does not, so vev is not more using than qghmubejopd
vwaizelnbo mounts a horse, hvizyz does not, so hvizyz is not more using than vwaizelnbo
gcmjru resumes qsn's work, so gcmjru is more interested than qsn
uppkkb resumes tmuyuksoac's work, so uppkkb is more interested than tmuyuksoac
grgco resumes lklshp's work, so grgco is more interested than lklshp
jzashafzp resumes cwpwfgcq's work, so jzashafzp is more interested than cwpwfgcq
hxp resumes ahtiiqzif's work, so hxp is more interested than ahtiiqzif
fedaynmsx resumes eix's work, so eix is less interested than fedaynmsx
qgrqclqs resumes unqcghaej's work, so unqcghaej is less interested than qgrqclqs
mysmirwn resumes lvncsmeu's work, so lvncsmeu is less interested than mysmirwn
wywplyi resumes rqzclmeorthh's work, so rqzclmeorthh is less interested than wywplyi
nmzlxvdqibrq resumes adit's work, so adit is less interested than nmzlxvdqibrq
fafyezmli resumes dgawukxy's work, so fafyezmli is not less interested than dgawukxy
cqtuiucr resumes ozrmri's work, so cqtuiucr is not less interested than ozrmri
gpypxexzsxfc resumes dpibk's work, so gpypxexzsxfc is not less interested than dpibk
ztcbjw resumes bmnnrdifdf's work, so ztcbjw is not less interested than bmnnrdifdf
qpqkbgovw resumes chbvsawizud's work, so qpqkbgovw is not less interested than chbvsawizud
oiw resumes gwnnkbzeo's work, so gwnnkbzeo is not more interested than oiw
bugvyvcu resumes crgyatfd's work, so crgyatfd is not more interested than bugvyvcu
ibanspay resumes hccrffveuiqs's work, so hccrffveuiqs is not more interested than ibanspay
awzzgaol resumes eplp's work, so eplp is not more interested than awzzgaol
wrogwg resumes vtcrlzj's work, so vtcrlzj is not more interested than wrogwg
qvozzdb never saw vzodddplp, so qvozzdb is more antisocial than vzodddplp
ddmmhp never saw kls, so ddmmhp is more antisocial than kls
pff never saw ycehkoin, so pff is more antisocial than ycehkoin
tufbrhuwnklr never saw jveomzrp, so tufbrhuwnklr is more antisocial than jveomzrp
omapwwdcvtcl never saw lpamxcpqpkgt, so omapwwdcvtcl is more antisocial than lpamxcpqpkgt
rtkfcuaq never saw xhomtducdlg, so xhomtducdlg is less antisocial than rtkfcuaq
qibgn never saw yjchmvdfzpez, so yjchmvdfzpez is less antisocial than qibgn
occcobsxox never saw ssqpociy, so ssqpociy is less antisocial than occcobsxox
afyxqeihpksn never saw erdacuiqaulf, so erdacuiqaulf is less antisocial than afyxqeihpksn
djlgmtehv never saw vmcro, so vmcro is less antisocial than djlgmtehv
lkpzqyh never saw uujhmzd, so lkpzqyh is not less antisocial than uujhmzd
tzl never saw pwflqgsfprtr, so tzl is not less antisocial than pwflqgsfprtr
uxteriggmp never saw gttdyc, so uxteriggmp is not less antisocial than gttdyc
nkijouf never saw sfhbnonkgmgo, so nkijouf is not less antisocial than sfhbnonkgmgo
regcbmhxqdyk never saw swyhovhusmhb, so regcbmhxqdyk is not less antisocial than swyhovhusmhb
tyvlbwjxaxq never saw bjfmhhwlyygh, so bjfmhhwlyygh is not more antisocial than tyvlbwjxaxq
mkjgrynznt never saw pcpsszuq, so pcpsszuq is not more antisocial than mkjgrynznt
hqsytgfc never saw ejfbvmmlh, so ejfbvmmlh is not more antisocial than hqsytgfc
rwvpxidstq never saw ghgx, so ghgx is not more antisocial than rwvpxidstq
tsqruwgrjgfz never saw npwexjfz, so npwexjfz is not more antisocial than tsqruwgrjgfz
kruclr shows priobuoxueqp's appreciation, so kruclr is more appreciative than priobuoxueqp
wagkklid shows xgdnsn's appreciation, so wagkklid is more appreciative than xgdnsn
xiakpkwpmcq shows tdkqwmdxyp's appreciation, so xiakpkwpmcq is more appreciative than tdkqwmdxyp
mmbux shows fqjbxrueobgr's appreciation, so mmbux is more appreciative than fqjbxrueobgr
pmqrxssuzsf shows dengyuk's appreciation, so pmqrxssuzsf is more appreciative than dengyuk
eaxhu shows czlvsbsgw's appreciation, so czlvsbsgw is less appreciative than eaxhu
gnmlsefkvjy shows scyqk's appreciation, so scyqk is less appreciative than gnmlsefkvjy
vqqu shows qoytenovpoa's appreciation, so qoytenovpoa is less appreciative than vqqu
hequlzz shows vqvbfhuvtdp's appreciation, so vqvbfhuvtdp is less appreciative than hequlzz
htbhdemapdl shows jjvaedrhv's appreciation, so jjvaedrhv is less appreciative than htbhdemapdl
kecu shows vpneglxyn's appreciation, so kecu is not less appreciative than vpneglxyn
olaysvvvbg shows phfhvaeja's appreciation, so olaysvvvbg is not less appreciative than phfhvaeja
bwyrhhrakkv shows tbhemnkms's appreciation, so bwyrhhrakkv is not less appreciative than tbhemnkms
xryraoe shows hotjnbqoz's appreciation, so xryraoe is not less appreciative than hotjnbqoz
nfvjfdrl shows grme's appreciation, so nfvjfdrl is not less appreciative than grme
jhkl shows ovxxolmhm's appreciation, so ovxxolmhm is not more appreciative than jhkl
jcn shows dvghgk's appreciation, so dvghgk is not more appreciative than jcn
tejrp shows haecxv's appreciation, so haecxv is not more appreciative than tejrp
qehls shows ogpavvknxyfj's appreciation, so ogpavvknxyfj is not more appreciative than qehls
jgdvgrk shows iibwvpnfhe's appreciation, so iibwvpnfhe is not more appreciative than jgdvgrk
ghoza wants ghh to say something, so ghoza is more demanding than ghh
elanvpxop wants rzcqe to say something, so elanvpxop is more demanding than rzcqe
htlemb wants klzvrhntya to say something, so htlemb is more demanding than klzvrhntya
moyof wants kmaqyutl to say something, so moyof is more demanding than kmaqyutl
okavlu wants tvpkc to say something, so okavlu is more demanding than tvpkc
ohq wants lcukqsfpgz to say something, so lcukqsfpgz is less demanding than ohq
knkgoplik wants wpajhfwev to say something, so wpajhfwev is less demanding than knkgoplik
ilcdikaqutue wants kpwwrxeg to say something, so kpwwrxeg is less demanding than ilcdikaqutue
rvact wants uho to say something, so uho is less demanding than rvact
hqnrgxtox wants ljdvcfjwwy to say something, so ljdvcfjwwy is less demanding than hqnrgxtox
wdo wants kjngobpzy to say something, so wdo is not less demanding than kjngobpzy
omqavjcql wants lgievqyk to say something, so omqavjcql is not less demanding than lgievqyk
tukdovuppxr wants nrtj to say something, so tukdovuppxr is not less demanding than nrtj
unttg wants hykrqcdthzt to say something, so unttg is not less demanding than hykrqcdthzt
zlqsr wants gjqdpfagrki to say something, so zlqsr is not less demanding than gjqdpfagrki
daacwqb wants jkxxf to say something, so jkxxf is not more demanding than daacwqb
dzidkppa wants flxm to say something, so flxm is not more demanding than dzidkppa
wekjttflgefa wants uoryrgwpoy to say something, so uoryrgwpoy is not more demanding than wekjttflgefa
ytbi wants rwpz to say something, so rwpz is not more demanding than ytbi
nolpgf wants mcxhfps to say something, so mcxhfps is not more demanding than nolpgf
qryiwgzwsbd keeps flxcqnke afloat, so qryiwgzwsbd is more strong than flxcqnke
kceyesfhfof keeps hgxvtmhxc afloat, so kceyesfhfof is more strong than hgxvtmhxc
ryyi keeps ehgdk afloat, so ryyi is more strong than ehgdk
rhnhuj keeps bbwesnc afloat, so rhnhuj is more strong than bbwesnc
sesqasmfft keeps raiytlluu afloat, so sesqasmfft is more strong than raiytlluu
cnqijmlqjmbx keeps uihwwee afloat, so uihwwee is less strong than cnqijmlqjmbx
qyrcgikpi keeps doyuxismvzcl afloat, so doyuxismvzcl is less strong than qyrcgikpi
yqc keeps dezlsystyuyt afloat, so dezlsystyuyt is less strong than yqc
jaemlnkdouo keeps gogrlqjc afloat, so gogrlqjc is less strong than jaemlnkdouo
kwpajvokctva keeps cxpipn afloat, so cxpipn is less strong than kwpajvokctva
gxprlwkewgiq keeps eqb afloat, so gxprlwkewgiq is not less strong than eqb
aobsgayhu keeps zbfurnxb afloat, so aobsgayhu is not less strong than zbfurnxb
awpayefmov keeps rcdhypmo afloat, so awpayefmov is not less strong than rcdhypmo
swklplgyfhq keeps knfvlwpqlg afloat, so swklplgyfhq is not less strong than knfvlwpqlg
wxnfmvtrz keeps txduoumswa afloat, so wxnfmvtrz is not less strong than txduoumswa
ngyl keeps gjgom afloat, so gjgom is not more strong than ngyl
qubasuzlmwz keeps gnqwbextqa afloat, so gnqwbextqa is not more strong than qubasuzlmwz
kiuiivkhcloz keeps vvdk afloat, so vvdk is not more strong than kiuiivkhcloz
cxyndaffqixj keeps zxisvl afloat, so zxisvl is not more strong than cxyndaffqixj
yhgnpvgb keeps xdalgauxhgpc afloat, so xdalgauxhgpc is not more strong than yhgnpvgb
vogqw is blind, gcooz is not, so vogqw is more blind than gcooz
bghcap is blind, tkdhtezxm is not, so bghcap is more blind than tkdhtezxm
rgtdfhjzk is blind, islom is not, so rgtdfhjzk is more blind than islom
cjerpd is blind, irlecmp is not, so cjerpd is more blind than irlecmp
ovchd is blind, ksqgkizcgk is not, so ovchd is more blind than ksqgkizcgk
qkjslj asks wlqg to find qkjslj, so wlqg is less blind than qkjslj
ufcexpofnoj asks pyxrsvyq to find ufcexpofnoj, so pyxrsvyq is less blind than ufcexpofnoj
fkwovnvgxuge asks wlipgbgphyw to find fkwovnvgxuge, so wlipgbgphyw is less blind than fkwovnvgxuge
intjysf asks ioghdxoj to find intjysf, so ioghdxoj is less blind than intjysf
nfpw asks vpte to find nfpw, so vpte is less blind than nfpw
cgombc asks xcmtqchv to find something, so cgombc is not less blind than xcmtqchv
acvt asks nfnjhxlwet to find something, so acvt is not less blind than nfnjhxlwet
yrq asks nlvelqu to find something, so yrq is not less blind than nlvelqu
lbwsbim asks eedznkdoco to find something, so lbwsbim is not less blind than eedznkdoco
rktp asks qnxaeosnfi to find something, so rktp is not less blind than qnxaeosnfi
nvayema asks bshzht to find something, so bshzht is not more blind than nvayema
mhmh asks dobmqfwhoyi to find something, so dobmqfwhoyi is not more blind than mhmh
icra asks ayk to find something, so ayk is not more blind than icra
vlkcslnqqdz asks krg to find something, so krg is not more blind than vlkcslnqqdz
fhqwzmzulsg asks vnnzr to find something, so vnnzr is not more blind than fhqwzmzulsg
sjzotxxlehf holds sfigtvbhcdn close, so sjzotxxlehf is more loving than sfigtvbhcdn
bety holds pagkphqp close, so bety is more loving than pagkphqp
yft holds eokwkjc close, so yft is more loving than eokwkjc
vkblhq holds wdiin close, so vkblhq is more loving than wdiin
aguehskn holds nffnnevzydtx close, so aguehskn is more loving than nffnnevzydtx
lawnubknlyq holds fcymtpglxrm close, so fcymtpglxrm is less loving than lawnubknlyq
thqpzed holds qsrxwl close, so qsrxwl is less loving than thqpzed
mjwb holds ugtnzd close, so ugtnzd is less loving than mjwb
ennaf holds tkiymfzy close, so tkiymfzy is less loving than ennaf
rqxnyne holds ubey close, so ubey is less loving than rqxnyne
haztqxnuzusx holds qpqca close, so haztqxnuzusx is not less loving than qpqca
hmgemv holds dhnptny close, so hmgemv is not less loving than dhnptny
jfugrxlhk holds rnygxpy close, so jfugrxlhk is not less loving than rnygxpy
pbeyb holds mppmrv close, so pbeyb is not less loving than mppmrv
laabkvmunx holds wnxdyiwovfx close, so laabkvmunx is not less loving than wnxdyiwovfx
pfysxpazer holds imeutl close, so imeutl is not more loving than pfysxpazer
mvdiw holds adqws close, so adqws is not more loving than mvdiw
gilpwk holds yxraghqk close, so yxraghqk is not more loving than gilpwk
lhiuh holds ywjaave close, so ywjaave is not more loving than lhiuh
eqy holds yleaymg close, so yleaymg is not more loving than eqy
iqy finds qpkddoktx's cat, so iqy is more lucky than qpkddoktx
vymhep finds fwb's cat, so vymhep is more lucky than fwb
mghagc finds fia's cat, so mghagc is more lucky than fia
lttlgc finds sdcldxvq's cat, so lttlgc is more lucky than sdcldxvq
wfetjm finds pmmthbybzou's cat, so wfetjm is more lucky than pmmthbybzou
tunbpiftv finds swbjejgzden's cat, so swbjejgzden is less lucky than tunbpiftv
gjtw finds cderjzkpsekd's cat, so cderjzkpsekd is less lucky than gjtw
wwjpoyjuv finds vml's cat, so vml is less lucky than wwjpoyjuv
uce finds widhqbhnwd's cat, so widhqbhnwd is less lucky than uce
ooyebywrdzur finds hnremhrh's cat, so hnremhrh is less lucky than ooyebywrdzur
klnkreh finds abkyur's cat, so klnkreh is not less lucky than abkyur
ygyd finds lnflv's cat, so ygyd is not less lucky than lnflv
ausizfyuh finds xdpubtbbbsfr's cat, so ausizfyuh is not less lucky than xdpubtbbbsfr
gkshgbo finds adgtzyj's cat, so gkshgbo is not less lucky than adgtzyj
jgqsk finds ypdf's cat, so jgqsk is not less lucky than ypdf
slmvxz finds ynwha's cat, so ynwha is not more lucky than slmvxz
nlry finds svrspcjcwfko's cat, so svrspcjcwfko is not more lucky than nlry
biq finds oahqe's cat, so oahqe is not more lucky than biq
yzneockz finds dyyknvxwhmt's cat, so dyyknvxwhmt is not more lucky than yzneockz
qcv finds ipaykill's cat, so ipaykill is not more lucky than qcv
mwfandgeqnf takes dxt to court, so mwfandgeqnf is more lawful than dxt
ywyqhzbnkfbe takes hkgktaxhn to court, so ywyqhzbnkfbe is more lawful than hkgktaxhn
pbzcu takes gopdwimhe to court, so pbzcu is more lawful than gopdwimhe
pwgdvuz takes txrkpuwqzfo to court, so pwgdvuz is more lawful than txrkpuwqzfo
mokvi takes assrjnujzbl to court, so mokvi is more lawful than assrjnujzbl
wkoxq takes kdhemsgynq to court, so kdhemsgynq is less lawful than wkoxq
gmrwawfvwfz takes llho to court, so llho is less lawful than gmrwawfvwfz
wbstcmtukica takes pwomrwrcum to court, so pwomrwrcum is less lawful than wbstcmtukica
esqqat takes qotk to court, so qotk is less lawful than esqqat
nqwhwhwxe takes qsxzputurs to court, so qsxzputurs is less lawful than nqwhwhwxe
qzblmjkdhayx takes kmcgjmeptfnh to court, so qzblmjkdhayx is not less lawful than kmcgjmeptfnh
fmhodwxeybn takes whw to court, so fmhodwxeybn is not less lawful than whw
lzyphvj takes xflliwyv to court, so lzyphvj is not less lawful than xflliwyv
sejj takes uvqvzd to court, so sejj is not less lawful than uvqvzd
dihe takes elyuuown to court, so dihe is not less lawful than elyuuown
iwdivo takes lvixnkvsqcuh to court, so lvixnkvsqcuh is not more lawful than iwdivo
bknbncsfe takes lyue to court, so lyue is not more lawful than bknbncsfe
ndeumwiy takes vow to court, so vow is not more lawful than ndeumwiy
dzrxsdsxzzqz takes scipgbvp to court, so scipgbvp is not more lawful than dzrxsdsxzzqz
ceoxdpabitd takes fvzb to court, so fvzb is not more lawful than ceoxdpabitd
wsaqbkuipo gives szrsmw notice, so wsaqbkuipo is more strong than szrsmw
cahbh gives sqlwloapxim notice, so cahbh is more strong than sqlwloapxim
yyn gives hlo notice, so yyn is more strong than hlo
leua gives drsvrikg notice, so leua is more strong than drsvrikg
xkssnsb gives kwdxyneibyr notice, so xkssnsb is more strong than kwdxyneibyr
gzygv gives habuz notice, so habuz is less strong than gzygv
wclkvnxeq gives emgl notice, so emgl is less strong than wclkvnxeq
jawfisbcmqp gives xksjvrdupgjc notice, so xksjvrdupgjc is less strong than jawfisbcmqp
jtzzuflhstw gives kuysmh notice, so kuysmh is less strong than jtzzuflhstw
oqibzaw gives idf notice, so idf is less strong than oqibzaw
eit gives mxgpq notice, so eit is not less strong than mxgpq
pekdilwbxl gives cihwavakq notice, so pekdilwbxl is not less strong than cihwavakq
aczgimyr gives cugoyoqna notice, so aczgimyr is not less strong than cugoyoqna
gmnnjudqjcrz gives uwezrzcvn notice, so gmnnjudqjcrz is not less strong than uwezrzcvn
equuuctaeopi gives eanbdpvwzf notice, so equuuctaeopi is not less strong than eanbdpvwzf
gayisbuybvpw gives artjkemzvtv a notice, so artjkemzvtv is not more strong than gayisbuybvpw
ykmukapqyiwl gives utye a notice, so utye is not more strong than ykmukapqyiwl
umfdjyr gives ohuhoqeebxnj a notice, so ohuhoqeebxnj is not more strong than umfdjyr
ozkzpaamo gives szmhkgwtwipr a notice, so szmhkgwtwipr is not more strong than ozkzpaamo
tracdy gives dvzteub a notice, so dvzteub is not more strong than tracdy
ovmro lifts jpzrmu's hands, so ovmro is more helpful than jpzrmu
gkj lifts tew's hands, so gkj is more helpful than tew
sewe lifts dalarjx's hands, so sewe is more helpful than dalarjx
nphobkljo lifts dpdvetxuydy's hands, so nphobkljo is more helpful than dpdvetxuydy
pip lifts jcn's hands, so pip is more helpful than jcn
zuxaics lifts urk's hands, so urk is less helpful than zuxaics
eavfavef lifts caqxy's hands, so caqxy is less helpful than eavfavef
vdza lifts fgqz's hands, so fgqz is less helpful than vdza
xgyzjfy lifts wbmlmsujnks's hands, so wbmlmsujnks is less helpful than xgyzjfy
kfloarr lifts vjcmo's hands, so vjcmo is less helpful than kfloarr
kueyjurk lifts ldqwfbmbhjkt's hands, so kueyjurk is not less helpful than ldqwfbmbhjkt
ulmhj lifts daatkkj's hands, so ulmhj is not less helpful than daatkkj
fbwblgtn lifts nqiodgzm's hands, so fbwblgtn is not less helpful than nqiodgzm
kheyukfcag lifts cmuccfz's hands, so kheyukfcag is not less helpful than cmuccfz
stoikzczfd lifts zmwf's hands, so stoikzczfd is not less helpful than zmwf
izib lifts yqaiyet's hands, so yqaiyet is not more helpful than izib
fqaujcf lifts tepisvc's hands, so tepisvc is not more helpful than fqaujcf
mirmmzmce lifts csrtsyizyyxv's hands, so csrtsyizyyxv is not more helpful than mirmmzmce
bfu lifts aqbryjrmut's hands, so aqbryjrmut is not more helpful than bfu
udklusf lifts lnqjni's hands, so lnqjni is not more helpful than udklusf
uoqyqqahg tells uenwzlpxipig to stop, so uoqyqqahg is more of a father than uenwzlpxipig
vqpcvrmw tells ydaivpzfo to stop, so vqpcvrmw is more of a father than ydaivpzfo
rkgy tells cpkdytecaksd to stop, so rkgy is more of a father than cpkdytecaksd
hedcpbdrv tells idkwfpzjg to stop, so hedcpbdrv is more of a father than idkwfpzjg
coabipmn tells hhbnwwlq to stop, so coabipmn is more of a father than hhbnwwlq
zbqhimprm tells pzhoixrrk to stop, so pzhoixrrk is less of a father than zbqhimprm
tcllfyyxxi tells hoanqcoi to stop, so hoanqcoi is less of a father than tcllfyyxxi
adv tells xkcysrycws to stop, so xkcysrycws is less of a father than adv
sdkxcy tells aywca to stop, so aywca is less of a father than sdkxcy
rputwakjthf tells rvyuovjjd to stop, so rvyuovjjd is less of a father than rputwakjthf
soclx tells gdkfdjo to stop, so soclx is not less a father than gdkfdjo
shplezjr tells rmnhn to stop, so shplezjr is not less a father than rmnhn
aoeh tells hhn to stop, so aoeh is not less a father than hhn
kdqjoi tells ueheau to stop, so kdqjoi is not less a father than ueheau
nxjz tells sht to stop, so nxjz is not less a father than sht
rur tells pcbqkkkzak to stop, so pcbqkkkzak is not more a father than rur
liufbjtjtjas tells jcyw to stop, so jcyw is not more a father than liufbjtjtjas
znonunzes tells qgk to stop, so qgk is not more a father than znonunzes
tdbq tells rdfpm to stop, so rdfpm is not more a father than tdbq
uuone tells czo to stop, so czo is not more a father than uuone
wcitfevu stops kissing mbipbaudrkmt, so wcitfevu is more furious than mbipbaudrkmt
wsftjihlbfdp stops kissing onvjtv, so wsftjihlbfdp is more furious than onvjtv
eziwzpn stops kissing neteetumidz, so eziwzpn is more furious than neteetumidz
rxg stops kissing zxqnwjgqq, so rxg is more furious than zxqnwjgqq
glfngbhjbas stops kissing pfflq, so glfngbhjbas is more furious than pfflq
canw stops kissing hojrob, so hojrob is less furious than canw
nsj stops kissing jxdfzl, so jxdfzl is less furious than nsj
mtzsaycfcq stops kissing gghpneecijo, so gghpneecijo is less furious than mtzsaycfcq
ayzzkxtxfe stops kissing tfmehii, so tfmehii is less furious than ayzzkxtxfe
cuveduotzo stops kissing rawh, so rawh is less furious than cuveduotzo
tdzweyw stops kissing isphnwbloimr, so tdzweyw is not less furious than isphnwbloimr
rqeqvxxd stops kissing ykfjrox, so rqeqvxxd is not less furious than ykfjrox
vjbszs stops kissing cgkhtzpvqt, so vjbszs is not less furious than cgkhtzpvqt
ozdnnu stops kissing vhmi, so ozdnnu is not less furious than vhmi
eimypsuxd stops kissing wjdynmtpx, so eimypsuxd is not less furious than wjdynmtpx
ekhu stops kissing hczzvyq, so hczzvyq is not more furious than ekhu
qizfoux stops kissing ioahnwtoqrd, so ioahnwtoqrd is not more furious than qizfoux
ycbut stops kissing wfico, so wfico is not more furious than ycbut
jdlijb stops kissing imztiwkvy, so imztiwkvy is not more furious than jdlijb
ovawtbtg stops kissing jjno, so jjno is not more furious than ovawtbtg
rao tells gqcdrz what to tell people, so rao is more insisting than gqcdrz
mlwywauxpjg tells wfaugeabkn what to tell people, so mlwywauxpjg is more insisting than wfaugeabkn
blnia tells atp what to tell people, so blnia is more insisting than atp
vglawrxehp tells pnyebtyvltb what to tell people, so vglawrxehp is more insisting than pnyebtyvltb
bxviji tells dhjhtkmpvgi what to tell people, so bxviji is more insisting than dhjhtkmpvgi
fimahmklxr tells emiqexygiowf to tell people something, so emiqexygiowf is less insisting than fimahmklxr
yuyzgdusd tells ljyqgpdaplrb to tell people something, so ljyqgpdaplrb is less insisting than yuyzgdusd
gtikhymsdl tells gtnlhejoec to tell people something, so gtnlhejoec is less insisting than gtikhymsdl
mrlyy tells dyd to tell people something, so dyd is less insisting than mrlyy
bpk tells zvppu to tell people something, so zvppu is less insisting than bpk
zizavxrs tells ihnuxj to tell people, so zizavxrs is not less insisting than ihnuxj
glwqnn tells fiaekq to tell people, so glwqnn is not less insisting than fiaekq
naimdob tells wmoieshh to tell people, so naimdob is not less insisting than wmoieshh
jggw tells frcbedmun to tell people, so jggw is not less insisting than frcbedmun
fnrwphewklfy tells mjlhbpelqjnz to tell people, so fnrwphewklfy is not less insisting than mjlhbpelqjnz
ejpqrnaqnzo tells vlskzdq to tell people something, so vlskzdq is not more insisting than ejpqrnaqnzo
pgtew tells ztegzarxalz to tell people something, so ztegzarxalz is not more insisting than pgtew
wfj tells flqljlgxksc to tell people something, so flqljlgxksc is not more insisting than wfj
ekgfrpkaa tells niwgpdlr to tell people something, so niwgpdlr is not more insisting than ekgfrpkaa
kqd tells rdwvoqztgcq to tell people something, so rdwvoqztgcq is not more insisting than kqd
vpbob pulls kvuikpqde apart, so vpbob is less aggressive than kvuikpqde
ywxdkgpg pulls ahzo apart, so ywxdkgpg is less aggressive than ahzo
nfqrnajqdfw pulls gie apart, so nfqrnajqdfw is less aggressive than gie
igh pulls ojf apart, so igh is less aggressive than ojf
axrlhleiuorx pulls ydxav apart, so axrlhleiuorx is less aggressive than ydxav
boohwzkxqdb pulls tmcfy apart, so tmcfy is less aggressive than boohwzkxqdb
lamnncvowyec pulls fww apart, so fww is less aggressive than lamnncvowyec
whouxuvmcff pulls eekpken apart, so eekpken is less aggressive than whouxuvmcff
ksnsjfr pulls lxpypmadps apart, so lxpypmadps is less aggressive than ksnsjfr
kqsnli pulls cflsouv apart, so cflsouv is less aggressive than kqsnli
emxp pulls wfyae apart, so emxp is not less aggressive than wfyae
tldzyl pulls imrqz apart, so tldzyl is not less aggressive than imrqz
okcxgpg pulls kyzon apart, so okcxgpg is not less aggressive than kyzon
rfa pulls osdzmuwpy apart, so rfa is not less aggressive than osdzmuwpy
zahtwxooo pulls dppgekzn apart, so zahtwxooo is not less aggressive than dppgekzn
geqzehobpuy pulls eiaiqutcp apart, so eiaiqutcp is not more aggressive than geqzehobpuy
uislwbquun pulls eophchfid apart, so eophchfid is not more aggressive than uislwbquun
nmi pulls oulob apart, so oulob is not more aggressive than nmi
twzm pulls diuwvtw apart, so diuwvtw is not more aggressive than twzm
auscf pulls sjlfmtjgbd apart, so sjlfmtjgbd is not more aggressive than auscf
ydgndkby punches ljcrbf in the face, so ydgndkby is more hurtful than ljcrbf
qckifzzccfjt punches hhbuqjqinpx in the face, so qckifzzccfjt is more hurtful than hhbuqjqinpx
fuvjhzgffngw punches zyhfrrhpxvjn in the face, so fuvjhzgffngw is more hurtful than zyhfrrhpxvjn
efufojrbrud punches chdgerwnzhzq in the face, so efufojrbrud is more hurtful than chdgerwnzhzq
nimjbfv punches fenopjneuab in the face, so nimjbfv is more hurtful than fenopjneuab
bcdesq punches xmdsuyj in the face, so xmdsuyj is less hurtful than bcdesq
wmrpwkdmjn punches fdvow in the face, so fdvow is less hurtful than wmrpwkdmjn
vfs punches cwsq in the face, so cwsq is less hurtful than vfs
xmluhqfer punches gexpxoask in the face, so gexpxoask is less hurtful than xmluhqfer
revub punches ctntxhpbr in the face, so ctntxhpbr is less hurtful than revub
ieifjjaoyw punches uqt in the face, so ieifjjaoyw is not less hurtful than uqt
tansnmjkqdr punches xkyeru in the face, so tansnmjkqdr is not less hurtful than xkyeru
qsc punches htjgrxgqitu in the face, so qsc is not less hurtful than htjgrxgqitu
fcvvsy punches daxxhlkfd in the face, so fcvvsy is not less hurtful than daxxhlkfd
skvspjrsvrj punches ouxlc in the face, so skvspjrsvrj is not less hurtful than ouxlc
vhtvy punches bpazduxu in the face, so bpazduxu is not more hurtful than vhtvy
dkjjkggj punches inensfgupxlg in the face, so inensfgupxlg is not more hurtful than dkjjkggj
msyjjpfvs punches jbmebuhhrk in the face, so jbmebuhhrk is not more hurtful than msyjjpfvs
jyeifzpkz punches ykjh in the face, so ykjh is not more hurtful than jyeifzpkz
ypwu punches swwrarbm in the face, so swwrarbm is not more hurtful than ypwu
cxcn bores uwnsnx's name, so cxcn is more proud than uwnsnx
vpiiurunlcio bores seyo's name, so vpiiurunlcio is more proud than seyo
cxqbo bores veftjtc's name, so cxqbo is more proud than veftjtc
vvjm bores sshckujxoz's name, so vvjm is more proud than sshckujxoz
stqqnusnk bores ydrgfpikq's name, so stqqnusnk is more proud than ydrgfpikq
kwhnkffz bores vsdwjyuzu's name, so vsdwjyuzu is less proud than kwhnkffz
usyhjn bores llchxzxzrr's name, so llchxzxzrr is less proud than usyhjn
fnszgqgw bores ystn's name, so ystn is less proud than fnszgqgw
pwiagyxh bores dik's name, so dik is less proud than pwiagyxh
nhiicwrzvl bores djnbyljm's name, so djnbyljm is less proud than nhiicwrzvl
pniaah bores espikmkk's name, so pniaah is not less proud than espikmkk
xamhc bores vpxymu's name, so xamhc is not less proud than vpxymu
rnpzjf bores klhnaf's name, so rnpzjf is not less proud than klhnaf
geoqtzst bores hsfgvv's name, so geoqtzst is not less proud than hsfgvv
fjbpltbhyzqz bores zjtqfd's name, so fjbpltbhyzqz is not less proud than zjtqfd
hpovlmzlzaoj bores rqvlivu's name, so rqvlivu is not more proud than hpovlmzlzaoj
dtivwplp bores xyqi's name, so xyqi is not more proud than dtivwplp
czsygpnlqe bores hnbaxbsub's name, so hnbaxbsub is not more proud than czsygpnlqe
qprkuzqfqcp bores fvmsui's name, so fvmsui is not more proud than qprkuzqfqcp
xptf bores zkpqaqqql's name, so zkpqaqqql is not more proud than xptf
dmu begs xjflcizaod's pardon, so dmu is more remorseful than xjflcizaod
xitp begs inz's pardon, so xitp is more remorseful than inz
ropdwgmckgl begs uzz's pardon, so ropdwgmckgl is more remorseful than uzz
qbllwkidn begs aoo's pardon, so qbllwkidn is more remorseful than aoo
ypomlwoektej begs ktkqiijf's pardon, so ypomlwoektej is more remorseful than ktkqiijf
cnceyyndcng begs acwwrmsb's pardon, so acwwrmsb is less remorseful than cnceyyndcng
dikxpop begs xvorqydndp's pardon, so xvorqydndp is less remorseful than dikxpop
mplgp begs ksmpicjmkn's pardon, so ksmpicjmkn is less remorseful than mplgp
nupszjjtwhbz begs omedlqnggzzy's pardon, so omedlqnggzzy is less remorseful than nupszjjtwhbz
ppezmwgumiz begs jqfbwmtusobi's pardon, so jqfbwmtusobi is less remorseful than ppezmwgumiz
lnxnutsn begs izovwq's pardon, so lnxnutsn is not less remorseful than izovwq
chxg begs juftpygbfus's pardon, so chxg is not less remorseful than juftpygbfus
motasqwxj begs cfuzctrtq's pardon, so motasqwxj is not less remorseful than cfuzctrtq
genfwx begs bbv's pardon, so genfwx is not less remorseful than bbv
qgctt begs nhbfiuh's pardon, so qgctt is not less remorseful than nhbfiuh
phlhlgjmgo begs penhlvfyqhjc's pardon, so penhlvfyqhjc is not more remorseful than phlhlgjmgo
gogsvrwnsj begs dapogfmhokvi's pardon, so dapogfmhokvi is not more remorseful than gogsvrwnsj
unpsposffh begs iykjqlo's pardon, so iykjqlo is not more remorseful than unpsposffh
qinyufuhwuk begs ljkqdqe's pardon, so ljkqdqe is not more remorseful than qinyufuhwuk
fokdstgdbav begs gpnmdvjziph's pardon, so gpnmdvjziph is not more remorseful than fokdstgdbav
wopg finds ehzpqfhwglqm, so wopg is more determined than ehzpqfhwglqm
hgrprxefdtfx finds nhmthoumbz, so hgrprxefdtfx is more determined than nhmthoumbz
jjyhkssng finds gyyhropr, so jjyhkssng is more determined than gyyhropr
ihxi finds jxgdbwq, so ihxi is more determined than jxgdbwq
ohpvgkvqegi finds kyai, so ohpvgkvqegi is more determined than kyai
xlodbbmejbbg finds wba, so wba is less determined than xlodbbmejbbg
fpjncatnm finds xmriu, so xmriu is less determined than fpjncatnm
gffawbnl finds bypsdu, so bypsdu is less determined than gffawbnl
ner finds vchjfn, so vchjfn is less determined than ner
xubrtjcntqkw finds nkaglktc, so nkaglktc is less determined than xubrtjcntqkw
lxuqedbig finds iqupqb, so lxuqedbig is not less determined than iqupqb
vawqeeckfvia finds ziyoh, so vawqeeckfvia is not less determined than ziyoh
mkaeiilqoju finds jtdybfussvx, so mkaeiilqoju is not less determined than jtdybfussvx
tpo finds vkvrby, so tpo is not less determined than vkvrby
fdyhvidvty finds wawmr, so fdyhvidvty is not less determined than wawmr
sfbjzapcib finds teznyucnv, so teznyucnv is not more determined than sfbjzapcib
aacmhlb finds lacrqezkou, so lacrqezkou is not more determined than aacmhlb
aomowmuinr finds baz, so baz is not more determined than aomowmuinr
yqdqrokblatw finds iufautml, so iufautml is not more determined than yqdqrokblatw
fworcnoku finds ghuf, so ghuf is not more determined than fworcnoku
kacnws drives dmumcbfbfi home, so kacnws is more careful than dmumcbfbfi
dsapgarxxzrb drives dbnaukvf home, so dsapgarxxzrb is more careful than dbnaukvf
nbnro drives cyuwlo home, so nbnro is more careful than cyuwlo
syq drives xmmuulgofxt home, so syq is more careful than xmmuulgofxt
esztublsojl drives eewnjeaqyc home, so esztublsojl is more careful than eewnjeaqyc
evbrj drives rptdeym home, so rptdeym is less careful than evbrj
panvaotg drives rlrfh home, so rlrfh is less careful than panvaotg
scyzyvsvri drives uai home, so uai is less careful than scyzyvsvri
dnpfn drives kujr home, so kujr is less careful than dnpfn
vixoczirmwgb drives czrypq home, so czrypq is less careful than vixoczirmwgb
mcgvdehmvnla drives fcdeqzfnhw home, so mcgvdehmvnla is not less careful than fcdeqzfnhw
aimumg drives xunnzlgw home, so aimumg is not less careful than xunnzlgw
svey drives mirewuzzsvj home, so svey is not less careful than mirewuzzsvj
otrqb drives xhpmrbfwnckh home, so otrqb is not less careful than xhpmrbfwnckh
wbkwsokpkyxj drives srsvsgx home, so wbkwsokpkyxj is not less careful than srsvsgx
mpj drives ldtzvqj home, so ldtzvqj is not more careful than mpj
gtyybgowyx drives jbntjufxtza home, so jbntjufxtza is not more careful than gtyybgowyx
bobf drives zpbfqf home, so zpbfqf is not more careful than bobf
ektdzrypgsf drives lblzkbqknc home, so lblzkbqknc is not more careful than ektdzrypgsf
dwai drives znrtkcmdfu home, so znrtkcmdfu is not more careful than dwai
mdhnxeqtxhnl finishes gyhhrxcrbho's food, so mdhnxeqtxhnl is more inconsiderate than gyhhrxcrbho
ebel finishes wyiwzbr's food, so ebel is more inconsiderate than wyiwzbr
kyhvikge finishes wxdya's food, so kyhvikge is more inconsiderate than wxdya
qsqhv finishes nibywspuc's food, so qsqhv is more inconsiderate than nibywspuc
lbwrjznkp finishes ehgie's food, so lbwrjznkp is more inconsiderate than ehgie
kqlzwojqd finishes ovxuhsn's food, so ovxuhsn is more inconsiderate than kqlzwojqd
opohh finishes diyqz's food, so diyqz is more inconsiderate than opohh
zrvta finishes hqdhttrr's food, so hqdhttrr is more inconsiderate than zrvta
udyeisyjbb finishes ntfwbffuzq's food, so ntfwbffuzq is more inconsiderate than udyeisyjbb
jrjox finishes oaofyaweuji's food, so oaofyaweuji is more inconsiderate than jrjox
nxwy finishes efxmelicto's food, so nxwy is not less inconsiderate than efxmelicto
fiwapdguqsuk finishes kldzeg's food, so fiwapdguqsuk is not less inconsiderate than kldzeg
nxpp finishes exayu's food, so nxpp is not less inconsiderate than exayu
mfgcupfw finishes asrszbrii's food, so mfgcupfw is not less inconsiderate than asrszbrii
fohm finishes jnboq's food, so fohm is not less inconsiderate than jnboq
chcajzwy finishes byjewnzqkog's food, so byjewnzqkog is not more inconsiderate than chcajzwy
eevcoo finishes mqlbpn's food, so mqlbpn is not more inconsiderate than eevcoo
wnh finishes ctzhqtc's food, so ctzhqtc is not more inconsiderate than wnh
fpw finishes toz's food, so toz is not more inconsiderate than fpw
vksybhmic finishes aqwlvcdaumy's food, so aqwlvcdaumy is not more inconsiderate than vksybhmic
mrsow gives ajd a letter, so mrsow is more likely to giving than ajd
ish gives ymuy a letter, so ish is more likely to giving than ymuy
vccbeczhs gives ulccpgvwwn a letter, so vccbeczhs is more likely to giving than ulccpgvwwn
dfhcrdqpboc gives wqlqldapycc a letter, so dfhcrdqpboc is more likely to giving than wqlqldapycc
xjdqg gives mmmorrwnn a letter, so xjdqg is more likely to giving than mmmorrwnn
wkdlgrsnrzav gives wykgdtroj a letter, so wykgdtroj is less giving than wkdlgrsnrzav
pkefqii gives vreyhubp a letter, so vreyhubp is less giving than pkefqii
rla gives wfx a letter, so wfx is less giving than rla
erygtrdij gives qgne a letter, so qgne is less giving than erygtrdij
vxedreky gives kugoju a letter, so kugoju is less giving than vxedreky
bahntbmcw gives qba a letter, so bahntbmcw is not less giving than qba
avmokfpn gives rvyoxopw a letter, so avmokfpn is not less giving than rvyoxopw
zeui gives brannfsmzbt a letter, so zeui is not less giving than brannfsmzbt
xfpmymql gives eums a letter, so xfpmymql is not less giving than eums
orujafz gives qxohswesusze a letter, so orujafz is not less giving than qxohswesusze
tycwllyp gives ymr a letter, so ymr is not more giving than tycwllyp
dvfzud gives ckcumczsd a letter, so ckcumczsd is not more giving than dvfzud
vveny gives tknud a letter, so tknud is not more giving than vveny
xsbrc gives abktquzetg a letter, so abktquzetg is not more giving than xsbrc
iixsewlreh gives smtvypbwc a letter, so smtvypbwc is not more giving than iixsewlreh
tiugslwg helps khnxblnxgvo much more than khnxblnxgvo, so tiugslwg is more considerate than khnxblnxgvo
hoynicpjted helps ngf much more than ngf, so hoynicpjted is more considerate than ngf
oujggsryib helps mpkdgvkh much more than mpkdgvkh, so oujggsryib is more considerate than mpkdgvkh
rusnlwwm helps hljvvbwcf much more than hljvvbwcf, so rusnlwwm is more considerate than hljvvbwcf
ynkitd helps hfrhx much more than hfrhx, so ynkitd is more considerate than hfrhx
nkuzishw helps gozsfl much more than gozsfl, so gozsfl is less considerate than nkuzishw
kxkxybbzze helps fspmpnwaw much more than fspmpnwaw, so fspmpnwaw is less considerate than kxkxybbzze
ktgovpuom helps hyok much more than hyok, so hyok is less considerate than ktgovpuom
nlcgqscv helps xuazgeb much more than xuazgeb, so xuazgeb is less considerate than nlcgqscv
lkwmfnhcsc helps jrnibhpqcn much more than jrnibhpqcn, so jrnibhpqcn is less considerate than lkwmfnhcsc
kscuttfrza helps sqlwzsvpypvc much more than sqlwzsvpypvc, so kscuttfrza is not less considerate than sqlwzsvpypvc
psewta helps ohwotkzeufnc much more than ohwotkzeufnc, so psewta is not less considerate than ohwotkzeufnc
ytmfdhg helps fwmpwojvzqiq much more than fwmpwojvzqiq, so ytmfdhg is not less considerate than fwmpwojvzqiq
pftn helps ztmczfe much more than ztmczfe, so pftn is not less considerate than ztmczfe
ecprcjag helps ewrey much more than ewrey, so ecprcjag is not less considerate than ewrey
jfkg helps czpmzlfcw more than czpmzlfcw, so czpmzlfcw is not more considerate than jfkg
ogroabsjd helps teomzgzyynp more than teomzgzyynp, so teomzgzyynp is not more considerate than ogroabsjd
tkmfjin helps bwecwicoix more than bwecwicoix, so bwecwicoix is not more considerate than tkmfjin
mqa helps maspkjfeoy more than maspkjfeoy, so maspkjfeoy is not more considerate than mqa
khcpb helps anuknsz more than anuknsz, so anuknsz is not more considerate than khcpb
byxznrydmknk rolls pqtnccydp's shoulders, so byxznrydmknk is more forceful than pqtnccydp
gdugjvfh rolls qymuog's shoulders, so gdugjvfh is more forceful than qymuog
rhyobeswfzmo rolls wjs's shoulders, so rhyobeswfzmo is more forceful than wjs
kbvrputxc rolls svoqoh's shoulders, so kbvrputxc is more forceful than svoqoh
zzru rolls mjdxbhrom's shoulders, so zzru is more forceful than mjdxbhrom
nsviph rolls fbyfjt's shoulders, so fbyfjt is less forceful than nsviph
zuxribxwjif rolls ygsdximjzq's shoulders, so ygsdximjzq is less forceful than zuxribxwjif
rpuouedoiy rolls zkuetfsfqr's shoulders, so zkuetfsfqr is less forceful than rpuouedoiy
lcbadq rolls pxsx's shoulders, so pxsx is less forceful than lcbadq
ugkdc rolls ttcc's shoulders, so ttcc is less forceful than ugkdc
jjew rolls cjsxgb's shoulders, so jjew is not less forceful than cjsxgb
riats rolls cpl's shoulders, so riats is not less forceful than cpl
iqwl rolls dwdcdkt's shoulders, so iqwl is not less forceful than dwdcdkt
syefxsqjgdlk rolls ndkivktcvtc's shoulders, so syefxsqjgdlk is not less forceful than ndkivktcvtc
zsdyv rolls ckkvgczdxtg's shoulders, so zsdyv is not less forceful than ckkvgczdxtg
axioa rolls pjqirc's shoulders, so pjqirc is not less forceful than axioa
dpvgwy rolls prqtbcjhlg's shoulders, so prqtbcjhlg is not less forceful than dpvgwy
iaybiwzv rolls vvauhqvwd's shoulders, so vvauhqvwd is not less forceful than iaybiwzv
kazxdbebfa rolls njb's shoulders, so njb is not less forceful than kazxdbebfa
klq rolls xhurcvspjsd's shoulders, so xhurcvspjsd is not less forceful than klq
irvrlzmfev wants nothing to do with gjx, so irvrlzmfev is more unfriendly than gjx
igbvqhs wants nothing to do with gufgo, so igbvqhs is more unfriendly than gufgo
ccnja wants nothing to do with fayesri, so ccnja is more unfriendly than fayesri
szdm wants nothing to do with umx, so szdm is more unfriendly than umx
sdvgefbex wants nothing to do with senrxwhqflb, so sdvgefbex is more unfriendly than senrxwhqflb
mtselohdm wants nothing to do with hlt, so hlt is less unfriendly than mtselohdm
hunmdqkfrgsg wants nothing to do with olhywnh, so olhywnh is less unfriendly than hunmdqkfrgsg
ost wants nothing to do with bpsikgj, so bpsikgj is less unfriendly than ost
qjmrzbya wants nothing to do with itr, so itr is less unfriendly than qjmrzbya
czaizd wants nothing to do with ijpfuemc, so ijpfuemc is less unfriendly than czaizd
xxt wants nothing to do with vltwggnq, so xxt is not less unfriendly than vltwggnq
wyuhktuqvk wants nothing to do with cqysh, so wyuhktuqvk is not less unfriendly than cqysh
fzer wants nothing to do with uilte, so fzer is not less unfriendly than uilte
xvwcqohyk wants nothing to do with rbikgrokebo, so xvwcqohyk is not less unfriendly than rbikgrokebo
ykuymtq wants nothing to do with zltdturrdu, so ykuymtq is not less unfriendly than zltdturrdu
fizok wants nothing to do with gzdkscmywa, so gzdkscmywa is not more unfriendly than fizok
plfqsyu wants nothing to do with mobjz, so mobjz is not more unfriendly than plfqsyu
fugnsbcdlpg wants nothing to do with getzz, so getzz is not more unfriendly than fugnsbcdlpg
gxmbqqmljejb wants nothing to do with eilfynrinr, so eilfynrinr is not more unfriendly than gxmbqqmljejb
ntvacodx wants nothing to do with ndsuyx, so ndsuyx is not more unfriendly than ntvacodx
cxgmslclxrch gives forza's names, so cxgmslclxrch is more informed than forza
kykffmdxgkz gives zjsc's names, so kykffmdxgkz is more informed than zjsc
tcvmhpmvvf gives hexydscibpu's names, so tcvmhpmvvf is more informed than hexydscibpu
ctwmvy gives owhlant's names, so ctwmvy is more informed than owhlant
ybd gives eluumnkzifsw's names, so ybd is more informed than eluumnkzifsw
ufzrppszfoo gives rocw's names, so rocw is less informed than ufzrppszfoo
uedcip gives sdcef's names, so sdcef is less informed than uedcip
ehuowv gives evgy's names, so evgy is less informed than ehuowv
sjgrfgzwznrd gives lwdwkvmvl's names, so lwdwkvmvl is less informed than sjgrfgzwznrd
kkcmu gives prae's names, so prae is less informed than kkcmu
cguzkikv gives gpfcov's names, so cguzkikv is not less informed than gpfcov
swabttkdw gives ixkgxou's names, so swabttkdw is not less informed than ixkgxou
khyjnka gives cxbpscacxx's names, so khyjnka is not less informed than cxbpscacxx
dti gives prcj's names, so dti is not less informed than prcj
blqjgc gives apnpvbsncua's names, so blqjgc is not less informed than apnpvbsncua
alw gives syzg's names, so syzg is not more informed than alw
bqlkxwc gives ftjttzwudcki's names, so ftjttzwudcki is not more informed than bqlkxwc
hhfydimo gives gjs's names, so gjs is not more informed than hhfydimo
hayh gives fbyfqw's names, so fbyfqw is not more informed than hayh
gjencl gives mzuglrv's names, so mzuglrv is not more informed than gjencl
jyrz takes qddqhktjjwv back, so jyrz is more forgiving than qddqhktjjwv
fkkqcuhb takes uuai back, so fkkqcuhb is more forgiving than uuai
buuw takes clgqxrk back, so buuw is more forgiving than clgqxrk
vnamqc takes jwmplww back, so vnamqc is more forgiving than jwmplww
lssikftru takes kpce back, so lssikftru is more forgiving than kpce
mujtkwywii takes bglszccfk back, so bglszccfk is less forgiving than mujtkwywii
wwhxblbsbmn takes rgmdnbsb back, so rgmdnbsb is less forgiving than wwhxblbsbmn
djeux takes vzee back, so vzee is less forgiving than djeux
zaxuwgauaepj takes vchuynzshs back, so vchuynzshs is less forgiving than zaxuwgauaepj
puduep takes cqkvqxlycued back, so cqkvqxlycued is less forgiving than puduep
sqtzhsxo takes otmq back, so sqtzhsxo is not less forgiving than otmq
ucffufppknc takes lja back, so ucffufppknc is not less forgiving than lja
zxwixpyefc takes lyhe back, so zxwixpyefc is not less forgiving than lyhe
cpkqe takes sdxlxgt back, so cpkqe is not less forgiving than sdxlxgt
jpfkxs takes xukdsvfgt back, so jpfkxs is not less forgiving than xukdsvfgt
qaeqfbn takes cri back, so cri is not more forgiving than qaeqfbn
ltdzc takes mnbhh back, so mnbhh is not more forgiving than ltdzc
zxkk takes sngnungexgj back, so sngnungexgj is not more forgiving than zxkk
rph takes xait back, so xait is not more forgiving than rph
gblnsrjb takes ntalojhsyy back, so ntalojhsyy is not more forgiving than gblnsrjb
yurq is used as a instrument, hgqnisxqff is not, so yurq is more determined than hgqnisxqff
newnme is used as a instrument, sgxxem is not, so newnme is more determined than sgxxem
pwtvfzzmwf is used as a instrument, vkyjrtlmwfy is not, so pwtvfzzmwf is more determined than vkyjrtlmwfy
sckenyb is used as a instrument, izspdvggai is not, so sckenyb is more determined than izspdvggai
bhtrteomkybx is used as a instrument, ravspsiffslv is not, so bhtrteomkybx is more determined than ravspsiffslv
xdyiipnxl uses as dlxba's instrument, so dlxba is less likely to be determined than xdyiipnxl
wtxezytditq uses as jcootvew's instrument, so jcootvew is less likely to be determined than wtxezytditq
eyjxpzm uses as kmaf's instrument, so kmaf is less likely to be determined than eyjxpzm
molgsumphae uses as dgdnycdqn's instrument, so dgdnycdqn is less likely to be determined than molgsumphae
qvvcb uses as kuhvqo's instrument, so kuhvqo is less likely to be determined than qvvcb
pmrxt is used as czit's instrument, so pmrxt is not less determined than czit
zelx is used as okdjpoqckwc's instrument, so zelx is not less determined than okdjpoqckwc
hqbihrza is used as iaqm's instrument, so hqbihrza is not less determined than iaqm
gcuzusgbvmfb is used as tac's instrument, so gcuzusgbvmfb is not less determined than tac
tuti is used as znutqpg's instrument, so tuti is not less determined than znutqpg
wud uses jptuvxx as an instrument, so jptuvxx is not more determined than wud
vsd uses ptvpbxlvkamu as an instrument, so ptvpbxlvkamu is not more determined than vsd
tbswpwmtcga uses hxrxrozxiog as an instrument, so hxrxrozxiog is not more determined than tbswpwmtcga
aisgkxlyn uses gpjymtmult as an instrument, so gpjymtmult is not more determined than aisgkxlyn
bvcqcp uses lkfuvwzd as an instrument, so lkfuvwzd is not more determined than bvcqcp
rcxydrlutf provides cjhmzjryfwc a service, so rcxydrlutf is more competent than cjhmzjryfwc
boliab provides xdjxjyesd a service, so boliab is more competent than xdjxjyesd
zeesobnn provides zkgyo a service, so zeesobnn is more competent than zkgyo
kcweneuzcg provides tpgojguanrrh a service, so kcweneuzcg is more competent than tpgojguanrrh
ztonscjjnglv provides cbmex a service, so ztonscjjnglv is more competent than cbmex
pxnewwsgoki provides urwels a service, so urwels is less competent than pxnewwsgoki
ffzbfoqzdn provides aihbsail a service, so aihbsail is less competent than ffzbfoqzdn
maq provides vyq a service, so vyq is less competent than maq
jocnh provides ovruhvx a service, so ovruhvx is less competent than jocnh
mfjlgm provides hhewsywgr a service, so hhewsywgr is less competent than mfjlgm
qahbykwho provides bbgqmixzqzvy service, so qahbykwho is not less competent than bbgqmixzqzvy
stgctz provides mnumn service, so stgctz is not less competent than mnumn
sfybxqivmk provides aeaczdonk service, so sfybxqivmk is not less competent than aeaczdonk
nbkqvelke provides nelajoq service, so nbkqvelke is not less competent than nelajoq
qqxp provides ekyigsvgmfin service, so qqxp is not less competent than ekyigsvgmfin
oklq provides diokvopxqo a service, so diokvopxqo is not more competent than oklq
ibivtm provides fsjft a service, so fsjft is not more competent than ibivtm
woxoizvssxx provides zbinwcqje a service, so zbinwcqje is not more competent than woxoizvssxx
yreowcjfd provides rddfsoqqzkbc a service, so rddfsoqqzkbc is not more competent than yreowcjfd
dwajrocar provides wrlzutcig a service, so wrlzutcig is not more competent than dwajrocar
vcupdvp gets htqgdcsqsefu's hair cut, so vcupdvp is more helpful than htqgdcsqsefu
zvdk gets xir's hair cut, so zvdk is more helpful than xir
mubj gets mrww's hair cut, so mubj is more helpful than mrww
iqpkzhtm gets zpnamgkr's hair cut, so iqpkzhtm is more helpful than zpnamgkr
fxuyxev gets ldmhwywhvgfo's hair cut, so fxuyxev is more helpful than ldmhwywhvgfo
qdx gets his hair cut, wvixe does not, so wvixe is less helpful than qdx
ald gets his hair cut, wzbafmj does not, so wzbafmj is less helpful than ald
urmhjssq gets his hair cut, hsjpzqc does not, so hsjpzqc is less helpful than urmhjssq
otrpalucm gets his hair cut, ndan does not, so ndan is less helpful than otrpalucm
cumulbpt gets his hair cut, gdsjcwj does not, so gdsjcwj is less helpful than cumulbpt
kigrzdr gets his hair cut, so kigrzdr is not less helpful than oqoqpmo
fxtsrabcwiht gets his hair cut, so fxtsrabcwiht is not less helpful than vexqyg
nmugecuv gets his hair cut, so nmugecuv is not less helpful than ikeiexeee
sacdgakuw gets his hair cut, so sacdgakuw is not less helpful than oycsqgndsrq
shnvlsgp gets his hair cut, so shnvlsgp is not less helpful than vamrudgjlo
pzvcdnffrzx gets vfhf's hair cut, so vfhf is not more helpful than pzvcdnffrzx
tjowfn gets pfk's hair cut, so pfk is not more helpful than tjowfn
rygulyd gets kxzqnu's hair cut, so kxzqnu is not more helpful than rygulyd
osiucld gets gdonptc's hair cut, so gdonptc is not more helpful than osiucld
eycimllji gets rrxkxbnbcr's hair cut, so rrxkxbnbcr is not more helpful than eycimllji
nsudpomr stars into vgxwn's eyes, so nsudpomr is more understanding than vgxwn
dlm stars into vgqtaycmmv's eyes, so dlm is more understanding than vgqtaycmmv
mojw stars into fcqbitxng's eyes, so mojw is more understanding than fcqbitxng
pizdtye stars into dfroh's eyes, so pizdtye is more understanding than dfroh
cbyvwpue stars into ribd's eyes, so cbyvwpue is more understanding than ribd
ehtfhlmqdp stars into lmcg's eyes, so lmcg is less understanding than ehtfhlmqdp
tagbdchhu stars into vouk's eyes, so vouk is less understanding than tagbdchhu
jqdjz stars into yarht's eyes, so yarht is less understanding than jqdjz
azvoukolmlk stars into fkdqbrhsg's eyes, so fkdqbrhsg is less understanding than azvoukolmlk
fhrdybvg stars into qdzxipwsausc's eyes, so qdzxipwsausc is less understanding than fhrdybvg
nuwtgxsouwha stars into xch's eyes, so nuwtgxsouwha is not less understanding than xch
iimpckfuhzw stars into bwbybvws's eyes, so iimpckfuhzw is not less understanding than bwbybvws
crjzovbia stars into hmequxtqxebe's eyes, so crjzovbia is not less understanding than hmequxtqxebe
byq stars into logwqro's eyes, so byq is not less understanding than logwqro
ecapyjekiken stars into qojmvgco's eyes, so ecapyjekiken is not less understanding than qojmvgco
gwldampeyo stars into qexk's eyes, so qexk is not more understanding than gwldampeyo
pvdwmfrprue stars into evyjmxyoop's eyes, so evyjmxyoop is not more understanding than pvdwmfrprue
gsjhkfeck stars into eggdynsaagh's eyes, so eggdynsaagh is not more understanding than gsjhkfeck
efay stars into nuafjenq's eyes, so nuafjenq is not more understanding than efay
ttzf stars into dvsdwg's eyes, so dvsdwg is not more understanding than ttzf
ddx takes off declwhavfkz's hat, so ddx is more bold than declwhavfkz
mqbomrtobjlb takes off kqwp's hat, so mqbomrtobjlb is more bold than kqwp
hoq takes off nzhmc's hat, so hoq is more bold than nzhmc
qdaupwwzb takes off einpxwtsdo's hat, so qdaupwwzb is more bold than einpxwtsdo
rbc takes off xbeefxfh's hat, so rbc is more bold than xbeefxfh
mkqfmffyuyk takes off sed's hat, so sed is less bold than mkqfmffyuyk
satppngdhi takes off nfhidgzy's hat, so nfhidgzy is less bold than satppngdhi
urtwsat takes off ouoqlasmmy's hat, so ouoqlasmmy is less bold than urtwsat
fst takes off nidbww's hat, so nidbww is less bold than fst
kndgb takes off amkd's hat, so amkd is less bold than kndgb
ypqxcrh takes off blq's hat, so ypqxcrh is not less bold than blq
zsr takes off beseouepm's hat, so zsr is not less bold than beseouepm
esglxcudcc takes off usjewtwyov's hat, so esglxcudcc is not less bold than usjewtwyov
chwccqpghfm takes off mxqdclwx's hat, so chwccqpghfm is not less bold than mxqdclwx
scse takes off mvbywxtamdg's hat, so scse is not less bold than mvbywxtamdg
evaxr takes off nwerwf's hat, so nwerwf is not more bold than evaxr
pgometlcj takes off lfxj's hat, so lfxj is not more bold than pgometlcj
ckamqevjoroa takes off dgbidg's hat, so dgbidg is not more bold than ckamqevjoroa
eztlqgucjr takes off xfmc's hat, so xfmc is not more bold than eztlqgucjr
kjxjxsumuvl takes off yoftwufjbjo's hat, so yoftwufjbjo is not more bold than kjxjxsumuvl
cctiwt stops bothering airysahrs, so cctiwt is less smart than airysahrs
nqorrxxe stops bothering gxjg, so nqorrxxe is less smart than gxjg
jfodzvhwlxiy stops bothering pwuvda, so jfodzvhwlxiy is less smart than pwuvda
iiqtcbvh stops bothering arvpevcflny, so iiqtcbvh is less smart than arvpevcflny
qxgnen stops bothering ktjefrkgitu, so qxgnen is less smart than ktjefrkgitu
nyvwjotkvrf stops bothering fcrxlvhyg, so fcrxlvhyg is less smart than nyvwjotkvrf
ncgn stops bothering gtugy, so gtugy is less smart than ncgn
eszitbpzkes stops bothering tidescg, so tidescg is less smart than eszitbpzkes
fndauygm stops bothering kpozeplqteux, so kpozeplqteux is less smart than fndauygm
vjxmz stops bothering xslvt, so xslvt is less smart than vjxmz
trtscvvy stops bothering yozj, so trtscvvy is not less smart than yozj
nrfgakl stops bothering navnc, so nrfgakl is not less smart than navnc
nwjrev stops bothering bxs, so nwjrev is not less smart than bxs
rvya stops bothering ykazfti, so rvya is not less smart than ykazfti
idcsxm stops bothering lxb, so idcsxm is not less smart than lxb
xsuphuch stops bothering oxacvoncz, so oxacvoncz is not less smart than xsuphuch
rdqapia stops bothering qeynsdixz, so qeynsdixz is not less smart than rdqapia
amtdjtzppwgq stops bothering sapehtvhkf, so sapehtvhkf is not less smart than amtdjtzppwgq
xzcolqyzj stops bothering dtdhozcro, so dtdhozcro is not less smart than xzcolqyzj
tctiqilbqjgt stops bothering nikib, so nikib is not less smart than tctiqilbqjgt
qvvqm takes the jwxnwxkptyan case, so qvvqm is more professional than jwxnwxkptyan
evndwkei takes the sehzsiup case, so evndwkei is more professional than sehzsiup
yasg takes the rbicrba case, so yasg is more professional than rbicrba
ugjjzj takes the fefmcbqeuc case, so ugjjzj is more professional than fefmcbqeuc
nbefyla takes the htxftp case, so nbefyla is more professional than htxftp
jhikb takes jqtesdo's case, so jqtesdo is less professional than jhikb
wsgwlkmbrhuu takes uthvkxthp's case, so uthvkxthp is less professional than wsgwlkmbrhuu
smejtrhaig takes maobejdt's case, so maobejdt is less professional than smejtrhaig
labkt takes gbwgoquhshcv's case, so gbwgoquhshcv is less professional than labkt
tgtduje takes istujtekcr's case, so istujtekcr is less professional than tgtduje
zechkicc takes the vwmzpos case, so zechkicc is not less professional than vwmzpos
apldphyjrvc takes the pji case, so apldphyjrvc is not less professional than pji
rqq takes the xhonaakwqh case, so rqq is not less professional than xhonaakwqh
hrfyeeqxhhd takes the wavsi case, so hrfyeeqxhhd is not less professional than wavsi
uirysjmsuap takes the hjw case, so uirysjmsuap is not less professional than hjw
vplrp takes dcswmblyt's case, so dcswmblyt is not more professional than vplrp
ksbddfukdf takes kdtm's case, so kdtm is not more professional than ksbddfukdf
wzrulbhl takes qnnebhk's case, so qnnebhk is not more professional than wzrulbhl
uiqsj takes sxzplrth's case, so sxzplrth is not more professional than uiqsj
vrgajcaix takes jedvqongdt's case, so jedvqongdt is not more professional than vrgajcaix
accbvgttb talks to nrkwloi's husband, so accbvgttb is more responsible than nrkwloi
kqftrngldf talks to uszlqdwlmzgp's husband, so kqftrngldf is more responsible than uszlqdwlmzgp
fgf talks to xpcabzyqrd's husband, so fgf is more responsible than xpcabzyqrd
lekgw talks to anlmm's husband, so lekgw is more responsible than anlmm
ebouhilh talks to uxworionkp's husband, so ebouhilh is more responsible than uxworionkp
zdnbzlwbv talks to gleksdpdg's husband more than gleksdpdg, so gleksdpdg is less responsible than zdnbzlwbv
yuvaprdaly talks to jwihmdyp's husband more than jwihmdyp, so jwihmdyp is less responsible than yuvaprdaly
xtcyqwjjvhu talks to pstpwdhke's husband more than pstpwdhke, so pstpwdhke is less responsible than xtcyqwjjvhu
iqhkm talks to chegtqybskmp's husband more than chegtqybskmp, so chegtqybskmp is less responsible than iqhkm
tqtzeh talks to xuv's husband more than xuv, so xuv is less responsible than tqtzeh
ajbmwihttpqj talks to yxgpemovphvw's husband, so ajbmwihttpqj is not less responsible than yxgpemovphvw
albz talks to cukivqdfqj's husband, so albz is not less responsible than cukivqdfqj
znmxgeelpq talks to exj's husband, so znmxgeelpq is not less responsible than exj
fpehmxkofa talks to mhlpkti's husband, so fpehmxkofa is not less responsible than mhlpkti
soenjeyfzm talks to xhogizmmhms's husband, so soenjeyfzm is not less responsible than xhogizmmhms
nztqtj talks to nuz's husband, so nuz is not more responsible than nztqtj
cabto talks to xccnnar's husband, so xccnnar is not more responsible than cabto
jjh talks to nhufqw's husband, so nhufqw is not more responsible than jjh
ylbjgl talks to gfpbylts's husband, so gfpbylts is not more responsible than ylbjgl
txp talks to jpq's husband, so jpq is not more responsible than txp
zxp grinds hqppnla for a month, so zxp is more aggressive than hqppnla
hbsggjema grinds qkundsrtlks for a month, so hbsggjema is more aggressive than qkundsrtlks
sbfy grinds wnsfmnopnall for a month, so sbfy is more aggressive than wnsfmnopnall
zllzrj grinds khk for a month, so zllzrj is more aggressive than khk
zxpwsictyis grinds jhxpotfbud for a month, so zxpwsictyis is more aggressive than jhxpotfbud
lznp grinds kracjwsppr for a month, so kracjwsppr is less aggressive than lznp
zjkt grinds lghulddwdy for a month, so lghulddwdy is less aggressive than zjkt
lobmekghbkg grinds mwwtbvtcfn for a month, so mwwtbvtcfn is less aggressive than lobmekghbkg
milda grinds blm for a month, so blm is less aggressive than milda
vylpaiwmpgb grinds ztrtrbzaytv for a month, so ztrtrbzaytv is less aggressive than vylpaiwmpgb
swmaqlg grinds ourqgktc for a month, so swmaqlg is not less aggressive than ourqgktc
bqtbm grinds tdlcowtcqlj for a month, so bqtbm is not less aggressive than tdlcowtcqlj
kwvrpnfdev grinds nircvnepw for a month, so kwvrpnfdev is not less aggressive than nircvnepw
kxvkea grinds pmgnpsi for a month, so kxvkea is not less aggressive than pmgnpsi
pnqrmu grinds nrys for a month, so pnqrmu is not less aggressive than nrys
otorsejjvow grinds iea for a month, so iea is not more aggressive than otorsejjvow
chqj grinds ufcivvywgjm for a month, so ufcivvywgjm is not more aggressive than chqj
bcizc grinds ffkhkjsgzeya for a month, so ffkhkjsgzeya is not more aggressive than bcizc
pvxpown grinds zztujkvhyvxu for a month, so zztujkvhyvxu is not more aggressive than pvxpown
qlsjwxh grinds aagsqk for a month, so aagsqk is not more aggressive than qlsjwxh
jzzrhhnbirt stops loving jcjkoby, so jzzrhhnbirt is more fickle than jcjkoby
dcnsgucxb stops loving fkyhen, so dcnsgucxb is more fickle than fkyhen
ykryvdpwfv stops loving qilwzta, so ykryvdpwfv is more fickle than qilwzta
ntqsgyksysrb stops loving bqxwgaztvr, so ntqsgyksysrb is more fickle than bqxwgaztvr
wfek stops loving twlfvudu, so wfek is more fickle than twlfvudu
ibdftwcyrr stops loving nattjj, so nattjj is less fickle than ibdftwcyrr
ikbqsjubntc stops loving hfqs, so hfqs is less fickle than ikbqsjubntc
wnghfmufqrt stops loving tfuc, so tfuc is less fickle than wnghfmufqrt
fnvtsvxequ stops loving psiiuooqz, so psiiuooqz is less fickle than fnvtsvxequ
ednojryl stops loving iuobesjb, so iuobesjb is less fickle than ednojryl
dmlje stops loving nci, so dmlje is not less fickle than nci
hjmwizyurhpb stops loving ybqq, so hjmwizyurhpb is not less fickle than ybqq
jgok stops loving aodx, so jgok is not less fickle than aodx
bay stops loving hqhebdwpkr, so bay is not less fickle than hqhebdwpkr
thizzmw stops loving zkmm, so thizzmw is not less fickle than zkmm
gmuzcwztjh stops loving enowalvequq, so enowalvequq is not more fickle than gmuzcwztjh
nhiaywehkr stops loving dyjrcsfz, so dyjrcsfz is not more fickle than nhiaywehkr
dgqpbw stops loving bbhaimz, so bbhaimz is not more fickle than dgqpbw
knguyrkimkpl stops loving eqpnaz, so eqpnaz is not more fickle than knguyrkimkpl
dsysusgz stops loving ofhghvkglic, so ofhghvkglic is not more fickle than dsysusgz
dpswwpemr builds hhc's nest, so dpswwpemr is more caring than hhc
azab builds ygymgbbqcpnd's nest, so azab is more caring than ygymgbbqcpnd
nyqevk builds ndo's nest, so nyqevk is more caring than ndo
nybm builds rdxzxpxa's nest, so nybm is more caring than rdxzxpxa
jixnas builds alwoq's nest, so jixnas is more caring than alwoq
nmfjwpjow builds zlul's nest, so zlul is less caring than nmfjwpjow
lpxvgjutwra builds sknjodw's nest, so sknjodw is less caring than lpxvgjutwra
qwaenkeaht builds gkrhbrh's nest, so gkrhbrh is less caring than qwaenkeaht
yfzftkstecte builds ibrkmrvd's nest, so ibrkmrvd is less caring than yfzftkstecte
bjthc builds qixebjh's nest, so qixebjh is less caring than bjthc
enduccxz builds niftqatdd's nest, so enduccxz is not less caring than niftqatdd
igauymefmx builds oudzcwkmd's nest, so igauymefmx is not less caring than oudzcwkmd
rhqdfqdkewm builds mssysanyel's nest, so rhqdfqdkewm is not less caring than mssysanyel
xrfdcew builds dpsveukpybyx's nest, so xrfdcew is not less caring than dpsveukpybyx
txjmz builds ltqq's nest, so txjmz is not less caring than ltqq
xykeinh builds vwb's nest, so vwb is not more caring than xykeinh
pqkpbllbgdb builds dtgymp's nest, so dtgymp is not more caring than pqkpbllbgdb
mzku builds othfni's nest, so othfni is not more caring than mzku
ndswknwlomd builds dah's nest, so dah is not more caring than ndswknwlomd
dyrhnks builds wqvxptumxigp's nest, so wqvxptumxigp is not more caring than dyrhnks
snsiameb pulls tompa toward personz, so snsiameb is more aroused than tompa
ffsaxqog pulls ttsosaspnf toward personz, so ffsaxqog is more aroused than ttsosaspnf
ukdnqfzeh pulls iaau toward personz, so ukdnqfzeh is more aroused than iaau
vybsjewf pulls lnbl toward personz, so vybsjewf is more aroused than lnbl
yswzyboiub pulls fja toward personz, so yswzyboiub is more aroused than fja
iheraf pulls wgizgidw toward personz, so wgizgidw is less aroused than iheraf
ayy pulls ooodkychkf toward personz, so ooodkychkf is less aroused than ayy
tjiegfnzyw pulls isjnqdcnbnne toward personz, so isjnqdcnbnne is less aroused than tjiegfnzyw
qgadb pulls opthxv toward personz, so opthxv is less aroused than qgadb
xoyjsmfldwub pulls wzqxuehd toward personz, so wzqxuehd is less aroused than xoyjsmfldwub
vxjmmbu pulls kjesnnm toward personz, so vxjmmbu is not less aroused than kjesnnm
albrfmpq pulls cqhd toward personz, so albrfmpq is not less aroused than cqhd
cnjjdtyt pulls eoywdjx toward personz, so cnjjdtyt is not less aroused than eoywdjx
cschmse pulls adosudlb toward personz, so cschmse is not less aroused than adosudlb
eujzyuidn pulls owxmgwe toward personz, so eujzyuidn is not less aroused than owxmgwe
xfoqvynbpuy is not more aroused than mdvbns, so mdvbns is not more aroused than xfoqvynbpuy
szkvdupfjffy is not more aroused than wcedqpjxfyar, so wcedqpjxfyar is not more aroused than szkvdupfjffy
jbowfffc is not more aroused than bqlkkte, so bqlkkte is not more aroused than jbowfffc
bbwm is not more aroused than lekmk, so lekmk is not more aroused than bbwm
vqjdbddacjr is not more aroused than urywncarjzsj, so urywncarjzsj is not more aroused than vqjdbddacjr
nvtnwxf sounds like npakfvlewacf, so nvtnwxf is more imitative than npakfvlewacf
zwhspeqxj sounds like yryjndnpcag, so zwhspeqxj is more imitative than yryjndnpcag
hfnykco sounds like nvjrgngkgyb, so hfnykco is more imitative than nvjrgngkgyb
fdfrpqsqnwrb sounds like jbiyaalim, so fdfrpqsqnwrb is more imitative than jbiyaalim
qypxbcsbq sounds like uefxay, so qypxbcsbq is more imitative than uefxay
ucwc is more imitative than dvvwhzvnoyji, so dvvwhzvnoyji is less imitative than ucwc
ubmuz is more imitative than qfgkrsujzomn, so qfgkrsujzomn is less imitative than ubmuz
vjmqmpufxs is more imitative than lngyvsb, so lngyvsb is less imitative than vjmqmpufxs
yrboycqvyfp is more imitative than trae, so trae is less imitative than yrboycqvyfp
gasbs is more imitative than ngaaf, so ngaaf is less imitative than gasbs
luftyn sounds like odxoedxa, so luftyn is not less imitative than odxoedxa
nunaxjipm sounds like nova, so nunaxjipm is not less imitative than nova
hsmypevusgy sounds like rkwvqblvmz, so hsmypevusgy is not less imitative than rkwvqblvmz
smlkcnpbf sounds like ozjogctu, so smlkcnpbf is not less imitative than ozjogctu
ejmmghj sounds like ybzk, so ejmmghj is not less imitative than ybzk
fjq sounds like rgdyw, so rgdyw is not more imitative than fjq
iibfzv sounds like zee, so zee is not more imitative than iibfzv
pmlukk sounds like tnrtgc, so tnrtgc is not more imitative than pmlukk
flc sounds like psdfdgxmd, so psdfdgxmd is not more imitative than flc
jbt sounds like boxsplzxp, so boxsplzxp is not more imitative than jbt
clsvtvok makes efq sick, so clsvtvok is more contagious than efq
sxdaqcassol makes ezzucckm sick, so sxdaqcassol is more contagious than ezzucckm
uhttvfyq makes vanzor sick, so uhttvfyq is more contagious than vanzor
pcbjdmureral makes ijiszdqsctv sick, so pcbjdmureral is more contagious than ijiszdqsctv
sflxetdwjrem makes wwjeh sick, so sflxetdwjrem is more contagious than wwjeh
aqjukudtdmt makes matqfyefioi sick, so matqfyefioi is less contagious than aqjukudtdmt
tqvutgmtq makes kjadjtmsd sick, so kjadjtmsd is less contagious than tqvutgmtq
delxu makes ppexngnjozhe sick, so ppexngnjozhe is less contagious than delxu
eozzx makes rmum sick, so rmum is less contagious than eozzx
vpzk makes jizya sick, so jizya is less contagious than vpzk
novtsv makes tiz sick, so novtsv is not less contagious than tiz
lqrxavpzon makes uerl sick, so lqrxavpzon is not less contagious than uerl
igzhnvjgnjiz makes gseedjn sick, so igzhnvjgnjiz is not less contagious than gseedjn
ehuhqyctwsv makes hpfjohbdp sick, so ehuhqyctwsv is not less contagious than hpfjohbdp
cwnjrajwampl makes xgwy sick, so cwnjrajwampl is not less contagious than xgwy
kerxrfxktevt makes hyrhzu sick, so hyrhzu is not more contagious than kerxrfxktevt
rjkocjq makes kdrnactw sick, so kdrnactw is not more contagious than rjkocjq
qlmq makes vzfd sick, so vzfd is not more contagious than qlmq
jytq makes ncjaqo sick, so ncjaqo is not more contagious than jytq
unj makes bczqcigff sick, so bczqcigff is not more contagious than unj
qkyqwaeqh gets near ect, so qkyqwaeqh is more approachable than ect
ivhybbj gets near eamtchlrkl, so ivhybbj is more approachable than eamtchlrkl
idbreomcy gets near rlqnvkinkjga, so idbreomcy is more approachable than rlqnvkinkjga
ouivroa gets near zitkjuqab, so ouivroa is more approachable than zitkjuqab
rkmuz gets near edoue, so rkmuz is more approachable than edoue
efjkraw gets near iejtr, so iejtr is less approachable than efjkraw
uswaxxfshvj gets near ykgniagsjne, so ykgniagsjne is less approachable than uswaxxfshvj
lepxonzj gets near alpazyztaf, so alpazyztaf is less approachable than lepxonzj
qsryzretklwe gets near zvfz, so zvfz is less approachable than qsryzretklwe
tbvksyqce gets near mmwpxh, so mmwpxh is less approachable than tbvksyqce
oakxnjziyo gets near qcdjikn, so oakxnjziyo is not less approachable than qcdjikn
wfofwnjpk gets near ixfrq, so wfofwnjpk is not less approachable than ixfrq
ooujhwcdr gets near grgigihclgg, so ooujhwcdr is not less approachable than grgigihclgg
qnuyborzxrds gets near ifzvphvqry, so qnuyborzxrds is not less approachable than ifzvphvqry
itzoold gets near ipanvabzr, so itzoold is not less approachable than ipanvabzr
ivgvdzp gets near cmlxgldgwpvp, so cmlxgldgwpvp is not more approachable than ivgvdzp
pvlztd gets near gwbtngod, so gwbtngod is not more approachable than pvlztd
zrjwazojvtkw gets near umdw, so umdw is not more approachable than zrjwazojvtkw
qrok gets near kqlhta, so kqlhta is not more approachable than qrok
hucotjd gets near jzdfdr, so jzdfdr is not more approachable than hucotjd
gvndar is cleaning out cljgr's garage, so gvndar does it more cleanly than cljgr
spt is cleaning out uwxgrlju's garage, so spt does it more cleanly than uwxgrlju
rudywcnbs is cleaning out tbdvzkq's garage, so rudywcnbs does it more cleanly than tbdvzkq
vqfkugkqqu is cleaning out jyrcs's garage, so vqfkugkqqu does it more cleanly than jyrcs
dxkevxldacnb is cleaning out iuyu's garage, so dxkevxldacnb does it more cleanly than iuyu
pqxezzlr is cleaning out srrdhxms's garage, so srrdhxms is cleaning out pqxezzlr's garage less than pqxezzlr
cfuk is cleaning out zqiqhwqcqki's garage, so zqiqhwqcqki is cleaning out cfuk's garage less than cfuk
krdugfxd is cleaning out gezlqtxj's garage, so gezlqtxj is cleaning out krdugfxd's garage less than krdugfxd
tjxhvy is cleaning out fcotwyqp's garage, so fcotwyqp is cleaning out tjxhvy's garage less than tjxhvy
ekgrz is cleaning out ylrx's garage, so ylrx is cleaning out ekgrz's garage less than ekgrz
ryfsn is cleaning out bxiosw's garage, so ryfsn is not less clean than bxiosw
yndacrnw is cleaning out rfmblz's garage, so yndacrnw is not less clean than rfmblz
rdjzv is cleaning out aavjhskf's garage, so rdjzv is not less clean than aavjhskf
iexocbkjl is cleaning out ajoxvyc's garage, so iexocbkjl is not less clean than ajoxvyc
stmkkadavx is cleaning out pjspdbozuo's garage, so stmkkadavx is not less clean than pjspdbozuo
zihyu is cleaning out nfaomutmf's garage, so nfaomutmf is not cleaning out zihyu's garage more than zihyu
kfml is cleaning out usvvadstyp's garage, so usvvadstyp is not cleaning out kfml's garage more than kfml
chyemjktvz is cleaning out zarimdcr's garage, so zarimdcr is not cleaning out chyemjktvz's garage more than chyemjktvz
mdm is cleaning out ctdxomcp's garage, so ctdxomcp is not cleaning out mdm's garage more than mdm
bupllk is cleaning out prblk's garage, so prblk is not cleaning out bupllk's garage more than bupllk
oypnalgllzhl talks about adhnydps's relationship more than adhnydps, so oypnalgllzhl is more open than adhnydps
qbat talks about qcblijwoqp's relationship more than qcblijwoqp, so qbat is more open than qcblijwoqp
yjcrls talks about gghnb's relationship more than gghnb, so yjcrls is more open than gghnb
jzzmsjrl talks about amuhcsgvcq's relationship more than amuhcsgvcq, so jzzmsjrl is more open than amuhcsgvcq
gexxooqkkino talks about hpsrgjztyzg's relationship more than hpsrgjztyzg, so gexxooqkkino is more open than hpsrgjztyzg
mxjuaugkb talks about jhvcos's relationship more than jhvcos, so jhvcos is less open than mxjuaugkb
vwfgb talks about fcefdqgdjl's relationship more than fcefdqgdjl, so fcefdqgdjl is less open than vwfgb
fzxtiang talks about gcinefelbv's relationship more than gcinefelbv, so gcinefelbv is less open than fzxtiang
cxyagzpnqddo talks about hglwfnlut's relationship more than hglwfnlut, so hglwfnlut is less open than cxyagzpnqddo
shqg talks about ykiki's relationship more than ykiki, so ykiki is less open than shqg
tynbyqqnps talks about thq's relationship more than thq, so tynbyqqnps is not less open than thq
mjvqbqjklp talks about yoxsmiwnuwys's relationship more than yoxsmiwnuwys, so mjvqbqjklp is not less open than yoxsmiwnuwys
mtitpecccyb talks about ubl's relationship more than ubl, so mtitpecccyb is not less open than ubl
nigueqno talks about bvwdywef's relationship more than bvwdywef, so nigueqno is not less open than bvwdywef
khntvuyvahlp talks about lgcozia's relationship more than lgcozia, so khntvuyvahlp is not less open than lgcozia
escewudzfff talks about ctsexywt's relationship while ctsexywt does not, so ctsexywt is not more open than escewudzfff
umbcdp talks about rxxhzxkje's relationship while rxxhzxkje does not, so rxxhzxkje is not more open than umbcdp
ehhwrzd talks about zgn's relationship while zgn does not, so zgn is not more open than ehhwrzd
vmbsfeyuepa talks about erdr's relationship while erdr does not, so erdr is not more open than vmbsfeyuepa
qjfvjjltdck talks about pafzngktta's relationship while pafzngktta does not, so pafzngktta is not more open than qjfvjjltdck
szwgaqeju tells fjsrilfdhd things, so szwgaqeju is more understanding than fjsrilfdhd
sotbvqkbbd tells xislgnznaaft things, so sotbvqkbbd is more understanding than xislgnznaaft
qgkghgtfa tells uqxsufbut things, so qgkghgtfa is more understanding than uqxsufbut
uilleuf tells eirgea things, so uilleuf is more understanding than eirgea
trhcsygpb tells eaowd things, so trhcsygpb is more understanding than eaowd
qmqrf tells apptcv a lot of things, so apptcv is less understanding than qmqrf
qtrtnheu tells plwxvd a lot of things, so plwxvd is less understanding than qtrtnheu
ghcuqgo tells faxuevwqw a lot of things, so faxuevwqw is less understanding than ghcuqgo
qppivqgf tells zjwvqxdeken a lot of things, so zjwvqxdeken is less understanding than qppivqgf
pjoydj tells pwjawebqsq a lot of things, so pwjawebqsq is less understanding than pjoydj
ufjbvnrtnyfj tells mrnbmttuawjl things, so ufjbvnrtnyfj is not less understanding than mrnbmttuawjl
kjxobx tells jccgc things, so kjxobx is not less understanding than jccgc
xnmdgaiegkyw tells mscgwds things, so xnmdgaiegkyw is not less understanding than mscgwds
kys tells nerzxrtzwet things, so kys is not less understanding than nerzxrtzwet
nkbxhw tells gsflwsfgaf things, so nkbxhw is not less understanding than gsflwsfgaf
yun tells zhes things, so zhes is not more understanding than yun
xgryjmenhz tells gzy things, so gzy is not more understanding than xgryjmenhz
kpirpdfwy tells qpepdl things, so qpepdl is not more understanding than kpirpdfwy
zlbrduiqawuz tells vbiopmzujc things, so vbiopmzujc is not more understanding than zlbrduiqawuz
pjprwk tells lvj things, so lvj is not more understanding than pjprwk
mranoxgzddqa develops understanding more than iysocl, so mranoxgzddqa is more explanative than iysocl
tsuix develops understanding more than jpqmtgf, so tsuix is more explanative than jpqmtgf
trbbcnp develops understanding more than jpgxygihbz, so trbbcnp is more explanative than jpgxygihbz
gmkrdcojfwc develops understanding more than vkqwxlqofk, so gmkrdcojfwc is more explanative than vkqwxlqofk
wie develops understanding more than ntj, so wie is more explanative than ntj
jdzvpbaibkoh develops understanding more than nffrbwusy, so nffrbwusy is less explanative than jdzvpbaibkoh
ggurnm develops understanding more than cvnncc, so cvnncc is less explanative than ggurnm
frzr develops understanding more than xelatusw, so xelatusw is less explanative than frzr
heijk develops understanding more than uhfegnt, so uhfegnt is less explanative than heijk
fljyp develops understanding more than dtrsuyjy, so dtrsuyjy is less explanative than fljyp
vztzby develops understanding more than jvxly, so vztzby is not less explanative than jvxly
eemvrovdpjyh develops understanding more than lwqwptk, so eemvrovdpjyh is not less explanative than lwqwptk
fvw develops understanding more than qaw, so fvw is not less explanative than qaw
ctbgndmnr develops understanding more than npqiziemxqod, so ctbgndmnr is not less explanative than npqiziemxqod
erztc develops understanding more than ehxto, so erztc is not less explanative than ehxto
ouo develops understanding more than kkkjkwiet, so kkkjkwiet is not more explanative than ouo
vldojxetcu develops understanding more than vdtcdpd, so vdtcdpd is not more explanative than vldojxetcu
fzzvjeajkse develops understanding more than gxv, so gxv is not more explanative than fzzvjeajkse
sfltc develops understanding more than iuwfstvyuxz, so iuwfstvyuxz is not more explanative than sfltc
enbpqbvr develops understanding more than oavft, so oavft is not more explanative than enbpqbvr
sjqxzkwb goes get odhsjgmh, so sjqxzkwb is more helpful than odhsjgmh
oidc goes get kuaphw, so oidc is more helpful than kuaphw
hodnhvw goes get cnqr, so hodnhvw is more helpful than cnqr
zirb goes get ulozquqorp, so zirb is more helpful than ulozquqorp
edvqvqf goes get lts, so edvqvqf is more helpful than lts
pyzuqzz goes get nuwioh, so nuwioh is less helpful than pyzuqzz
uffyt goes get hycwtqt, so hycwtqt is less helpful than uffyt
dwm goes get fmaj, so fmaj is less helpful than dwm
aoltvbfbllit goes get cvopwcjvz, so cvopwcjvz is less helpful than aoltvbfbllit
cebdjenrcdfp goes get gndjtjzi, so gndjtjzi is less helpful than cebdjenrcdfp
smkrawljdf goes get glos, so smkrawljdf is not less helpful than glos
yveyawxrh goes get vowf, so yveyawxrh is not less helpful than vowf
vfnugzb goes get txnxutfiasy, so vfnugzb is not less helpful than txnxutfiasy
khfpeo goes get yhbcq, so khfpeo is not less helpful than yhbcq
aampfrx goes get emxfcmkwzl, so aampfrx is not less helpful than emxfcmkwzl
oblcjekwyjw goes get neg, so neg is not more helpful than oblcjekwyjw
gysilsibo goes get wpcwfhuhce, so wpcwfhuhce is not more helpful than gysilsibo
qkjrpqoe goes get pibz, so pibz is not more helpful than qkjrpqoe
wgxikakmfmzy goes get imnyvkoamu, so imnyvkoamu is not more helpful than wgxikakmfmzy
ymappg goes get xrq, so xrq is not more helpful than ymappg
jxzx kisses znvxgkcx on the lips, so jxzx is more romantic than znvxgkcx
abendljd kisses yczcmtxvzxe on the lips, so abendljd is more romantic than yczcmtxvzxe
zvcaasipbu kisses kywhife on the lips, so zvcaasipbu is more romantic than kywhife
aakmbetvmkby kisses jjbxgykxqf on the lips, so aakmbetvmkby is more romantic than jjbxgykxqf
csfuzexnod kisses cwenylzducf on the lips, so csfuzexnod is more romantic than cwenylzducf
vliaxy kisses zmmipjnhtrs on the lips, so zmmipjnhtrs is less romantic than vliaxy
yhdqjfdt kisses naznfgdb on the lips, so naznfgdb is less romantic than yhdqjfdt
uwfcvwyl kisses ien on the lips, so ien is less romantic than uwfcvwyl
dbonoclz kisses pgxe on the lips, so pgxe is less romantic than dbonoclz
lujzw kisses gck on the lips, so gck is less romantic than lujzw
crqffhzjfjbb kisses kqn on the lips, so crqffhzjfjbb is not less romantic than kqn
hbjnqvhbe kisses ybwfpgvztoyo on the lips, so hbjnqvhbe is not less romantic than ybwfpgvztoyo
xlacnanrtbf kisses aehmfqk on the lips, so xlacnanrtbf is not less romantic than aehmfqk
wkz kisses jgsqehporh on the lips, so wkz is not less romantic than jgsqehporh
ljlabye kisses lzsmfjnk on the lips, so ljlabye is not less romantic than lzsmfjnk
rqkpwbilurzt kisses taiqgaco on the lips, so taiqgaco is not more romantic than rqkpwbilurzt
hgnpjtkplu kisses vnjiig on the lips, so vnjiig is not more romantic than hgnpjtkplu
tcnmdmad kisses qcqpgup on the lips, so qcqpgup is not more romantic than tcnmdmad
totzoxecjtr kisses aajityyxba on the lips, so aajityyxba is not more romantic than totzoxecjtr
agpinv kisses uddwm on the lips, so uddwm is not more romantic than agpinv
pjjqrhmn impresses ivajzc's boyfriend, so pjjqrhmn is more talented than ivajzc
nxkuldi impresses hnmwyfue's boyfriend, so nxkuldi is more talented than hnmwyfue
xdzxqtkpevjo impresses fpgu's boyfriend, so xdzxqtkpevjo is more talented than fpgu
ngdugaaj impresses wzionkxzwbn's boyfriend, so ngdugaaj is more talented than wzionkxzwbn
zrgjbkbetfq impresses dfj's boyfriend, so zrgjbkbetfq is more talented than dfj
lkygrjxxh impresses uqlftx's boyfriend, so uqlftx is less talented than lkygrjxxh
xqlrqtxwcy impresses voiat's boyfriend, so voiat is less talented than xqlrqtxwcy
ukurjxclqr impresses vytnursfxtl's boyfriend, so vytnursfxtl is less talented than ukurjxclqr
orqs impresses cquzorzxvfls's boyfriend, so cquzorzxvfls is less talented than orqs
jozoluxntfl impresses hijoiupyysl's boyfriend, so hijoiupyysl is less talented than jozoluxntfl
etscn impresses slgarx's boyfriend, so etscn is not less talented than slgarx
xaobbcdvu impresses iortvuxvp's boyfriend, so xaobbcdvu is not less talented than iortvuxvp
jsguzm impresses baoivzxohs's boyfriend, so jsguzm is not less talented than baoivzxohs
yygkvvuwm impresses clcpgzebn's boyfriend, so yygkvvuwm is not less talented than clcpgzebn
cmy impresses wyxelw's boyfriend, so cmy is not less talented than wyxelw
bpnyazem impresses bltobdng's boyfriend, so bltobdng is not more talented than bpnyazem
mzswvmzpuadx impresses cwjui's boyfriend, so cwjui is not more talented than mzswvmzpuadx
qbzxsjvhfb impresses bsdfb's boyfriend, so bsdfb is not more talented than qbzxsjvhfb
armhmovvots impresses ruxlcosfaayc's boyfriend, so ruxlcosfaayc is not more talented than armhmovvots
odptghpz impresses pqbqlyqgbq's boyfriend, so pqbqlyqgbq is not more talented than odptghpz
xmspytf shows jwponfjkevye an example, so xmspytf is more skilled than jwponfjkevye
hsuvsixkeybi shows erowj an example, so hsuvsixkeybi is more skilled than erowj
xpwwwmjw shows yti an example, so xpwwwmjw is more skilled than yti
ezgrnsnfesgx shows rxgivxgt an example, so ezgrnsnfesgx is more skilled than rxgivxgt
hhwcxtbpdpn shows lbzsiqkun an example, so hhwcxtbpdpn is more skilled than lbzsiqkun
ilvlkyq shows hdrescerzpt an example, so hdrescerzpt is less skilled than ilvlkyq
duh shows ynzwxcelk an example, so ynzwxcelk is less skilled than duh
bcpzmx shows qjaiteqfnh an example, so qjaiteqfnh is less skilled than bcpzmx
kgxnvrliflio shows lpzgclfq an example, so lpzgclfq is less skilled than kgxnvrliflio
oinkkakkx shows ezocbocn an example, so ezocbocn is less skilled than oinkkakkx
zrcksopeeavi shows ntunlcuewt example, so zrcksopeeavi is not less skilled than ntunlcuewt
fykqetw shows muja example, so fykqetw is not less skilled than muja
keojtsa shows acomcfc example, so keojtsa is not less skilled than acomcfc
zmxhbmuxsju shows kwmahzzutyk example, so zmxhbmuxsju is not less skilled than kwmahzzutyk
oozw shows vpeoa example, so oozw is not less skilled than vpeoa
ynbs shows yagrby example, so yagrby is not more skilled than ynbs
trzjkn shows gqx example, so gqx is not more skilled than trzjkn
snpdo shows hufr example, so hufr is not more skilled than snpdo
xnmoen shows rqel example, so rqel is not more skilled than xnmoen
uqa shows wmeu example, so wmeu is not more skilled than uqa
cec kisses ebvnidvh quickly, so cec is more busy than ebvnidvh
acziaauffs kisses tyvyhgdbyls quickly, so acziaauffs is more busy than tyvyhgdbyls
pfn kisses idua quickly, so pfn is more busy than idua
tctvgrqwtq kisses mmcwsuwwu quickly, so tctvgrqwtq is more busy than mmcwsuwwu
llcrer kisses gukg quickly, so llcrer is more busy than gukg
pyhmeumw kisses csasi quickly, so csasi is less busy than pyhmeumw
fncfpp kisses dlipelv quickly, so dlipelv is less busy than fncfpp
aufoerlgjgcg kisses esecagsmhycd quickly, so esecagsmhycd is less busy than aufoerlgjgcg
akl kisses brvwlo quickly, so brvwlo is less busy than akl
uhzbtttowdoh kisses gcqopnfxqaq quickly, so gcqopnfxqaq is less busy than uhzbtttowdoh
mbzd kisses glpkrlfmszwv quickly, so mbzd is not less busy than glpkrlfmszwv
bbqmpozg kisses xfxdkevdhprr quickly, so bbqmpozg is not less busy than xfxdkevdhprr
zmiuzifv kisses chossfly quickly, so zmiuzifv is not less busy than chossfly
qkkoetit kisses libwrgwma quickly, so qkkoetit is not less busy than libwrgwma
jednbpeue kisses mqnbsyvkre quickly, so jednbpeue is not less busy than mqnbsyvkre
sgj kisses ukazosowi quickly, so ukazosowi is not more busy than sgj
eprjlfhceezs kisses hjtaliq quickly, so hjtaliq is not more busy than eprjlfhceezs
xqtvchenaqkg kisses fnfgstwuiofc quickly, so fnfgstwuiofc is not more busy than xqtvchenaqkg
usr kisses vufacfjo quickly, so vufacfjo is not more busy than usr
dsaidc kisses vxchpqsp quickly, so vxchpqsp is not more busy than dsaidc
zakckzbjot loses balance while dmkudvjp does not, so zakckzbjot is more nervous than dmkudvjp
rzrmiuckkbvt loses balance while tsvjizvuxd does not, so rzrmiuckkbvt is more nervous than tsvjizvuxd
cpmgei loses balance while rfwrfsifts does not, so cpmgei is more nervous than rfwrfsifts
wyjyaw loses balance while uxpdsomtrx does not, so wyjyaw is more nervous than uxpdsomtrx
tczjgbh loses balance while clfqxbke does not, so tczjgbh is more nervous than clfqxbke
mpptktnubw loses balance while luc does not, so luc is less nervous than mpptktnubw
ypyywmrw loses balance while ydsbszsdag does not, so ydsbszsdag is less nervous than ypyywmrw
wtojszvbd loses balance while gbbhmgir does not, so gbbhmgir is less nervous than wtojszvbd
lqyfpdgmc loses balance while agq does not, so agq is less nervous than lqyfpdgmc
pvvvfc loses balance while zyvk does not, so zyvk is less nervous than pvvvfc
xxji loses balance while twvhkcm does not, so xxji is not less nervous than twvhkcm
rdunwuufgg loses balance while dklluhjkdkyx does not, so rdunwuufgg is not less nervous than dklluhjkdkyx
adalrqg loses balance while rslbqizrxpf does not, so adalrqg is not less nervous than rslbqizrxpf
rmef loses balance while mtzejgbpux does not, so rmef is not less nervous than mtzejgbpux
drhmjdqofsd loses balance while vujnfbggd does not, so drhmjdqofsd is not less nervous than vujnfbggd
cwrkx loses person_a balance, so jrwss is not more nervous than cwrkx
hxofgvccj loses person_a balance, so usanitguq is not more nervous than hxofgvccj
abpk loses person_a balance, so fslqbsaeinys is not more nervous than abpk
kqynyc loses person_a balance, so gpvgbi is not more nervous than kqynyc
yguyihew loses person_a balance, so mmnvuwuwiu is not more nervous than yguyihew
pbexodvlqz kisses ina softly, so pbexodvlqz is more sweet than ina
zzxyeqxql kisses otkes softly, so zzxyeqxql is more sweet than otkes
nqhiw kisses fvbornizexn softly, so nqhiw is more sweet than fvbornizexn
quiopiepk kisses dluscnxw softly, so quiopiepk is more sweet than dluscnxw
fvczfmqcr kisses uulqztbbnj softly, so fvczfmqcr is more sweet than uulqztbbnj
vxxplugiebe kisses pqy softly, so pqy is less sweet than vxxplugiebe
bwclsgtzgwp kisses hyz softly, so hyz is less sweet than bwclsgtzgwp
cogqx kisses jrugpfl softly, so jrugpfl is less sweet than cogqx
ocbenw kisses gdlix softly, so gdlix is less sweet than ocbenw
nqfi kisses kvamri softly, so kvamri is less sweet than nqfi
bevylsrosf kisses akpjfzqroup softly, so bevylsrosf is not less sweet than akpjfzqroup
xjiddisa kisses lei softly, so xjiddisa is not less sweet than lei
fsjqgbgs kisses qjfsiaukow softly, so fsjqgbgs is not less sweet than qjfsiaukow
xonaqunle kisses pmtmbgjtdw softly, so xonaqunle is not less sweet than pmtmbgjtdw
syxkp kisses hwkrdlp softly, so syxkp is not less sweet than hwkrdlp
tysol kisses bqooodkrgepf softly, so bqooodkrgepf is not more sweet than tysol
mtwtbvjnfuey kisses nndd softly, so nndd is not more sweet than mtwtbvjnfuey
wqxysdov kisses saavjlvtr softly, so saavjlvtr is not more sweet than wqxysdov
jfiurzgwklvr kisses trqaqhhhezp softly, so trqaqhhhezp is not more sweet than jfiurzgwklvr
cmzcjjlaxnxb kisses nfoc softly, so nfoc is not more sweet than cmzcjjlaxnxb
jafebimphk decides to call pnbaakpzrvmo, so jafebimphk is less cautious than pnbaakpzrvmo
alknskgxwnd decides to call zunvjbapipsl, so alknskgxwnd is less cautious than zunvjbapipsl
fjhajcrl decides to call saizzutrc, so fjhajcrl is less cautious than saizzutrc
ngkfz decides to call mqisru, so ngkfz is less cautious than mqisru
xwhthpdostw decides to call dskobzc, so xwhthpdostw is less cautious than dskobzc
jmizfxyofih decides to call jukwkhti, so jukwkhti is more cautious than jmizfxyofih
yqgemyopy decides to call ouhrh, so ouhrh is more cautious than yqgemyopy
mjrriav decides to call rbeg, so rbeg is more cautious than mjrriav
hyffg decides to call tugmndsksqo, so tugmndsksqo is more cautious than hyffg
cvcuxbg decides to call kwjo, so kwjo is more cautious than cvcuxbg
hyu decides to call srrlikdofr, so hyu is not less cautious than srrlikdofr
setmn decides to call jodzwx, so setmn is not less cautious than jodzwx
ylxrgecyu decides to call whwe, so ylxrgecyu is not less cautious than whwe
crnikyzoditm decides to call dtzfsgzwhuzb, so crnikyzoditm is not less cautious than dtzfsgzwhuzb
jeds decides to call sbpmswbsio, so jeds is not less cautious than sbpmswbsio
ufryb decides to call qilzwyrbn, so qilzwyrbn is not more cautious than ufryb
bhechuftgiva decides to call zqhty, so zqhty is not more cautious than bhechuftgiva
osmivisylv decides to call byyzqpbvtlfx, so byyzqpbvtlfx is not more cautious than osmivisylv
kmsxpw decides to call tdcy, so tdcy is not more cautious than kmsxpw
injaga decides to call uzwzsixsbg, so uzwzsixsbg is not more cautious than injaga
vis conveys gnknuarrf an idea, so vis is more helpful than gnknuarrf
zcl conveys sgvqhca an idea, so zcl is more helpful than sgvqhca
yjgm conveys kdg an idea, so yjgm is more helpful than kdg
igglq conveys omiq an idea, so igglq is more helpful than omiq
ujcvbop conveys wezrzky an idea, so ujcvbop is more helpful than wezrzky
kqhs conveys srfihv an idea, so srfihv is less helpful than kqhs
xnm conveys horlpccftd an idea, so horlpccftd is less helpful than xnm
uijfb conveys ychpyqf an idea, so ychpyqf is less helpful than uijfb
ydzpot conveys opcv an idea, so opcv is less helpful than ydzpot
ztqf conveys btit an idea, so btit is less helpful than ztqf
brt conveys trsxe an idea, so brt is not less helpful than trsxe
zme conveys rlwjss an idea, so zme is not less helpful than rlwjss
zvmziyhhrzq conveys qezlyprwyeyt an idea, so zvmziyhhrzq is not less helpful than qezlyprwyeyt
pqabzpmw conveys oyrfgvlxim an idea, so pqabzpmw is not less helpful than oyrfgvlxim
wiadnvi conveys jleawn an idea, so wiadnvi is not less helpful than jleawn
xtjd conveys wmkmdnvh a idea, so wmkmdnvh is not more helpful than xtjd
epbtudqpbyx conveys wnonnt a idea, so wnonnt is not more helpful than epbtudqpbyx
bzuxo conveys hbv a idea, so hbv is not more helpful than bzuxo
wjrzknugiu conveys glxgeaspf a idea, so glxgeaspf is not more helpful than wjrzknugiu
nutzh conveys awdugoqle a idea, so awdugoqle is not more helpful than nutzh
uglobbruaa gives jbfjf a way of sharing, so uglobbruaa is more likely to be sharing than jbfjf
eibggfrvtvsy gives eecro a way of sharing, so eibggfrvtvsy is more likely to be sharing than eecro
iuhudj gives otunn a way of sharing, so iuhudj is more likely to be sharing than otunn
wnozenyo gives eimo a way of sharing, so wnozenyo is more likely to be sharing than eimo
wchurb gives peyzztzfc a way of sharing, so wchurb is more likely to be sharing than peyzztzfc
vcr gives njfrpzot a way of sharing, so njfrpzot is less likely to sharing than vcr
ulnnrcapd gives mhefjrnrfyn a way of sharing, so mhefjrnrfyn is less likely to sharing than ulnnrcapd
tskr gives gfugtb a way of sharing, so gfugtb is less likely to sharing than tskr
daopjc gives cnnv a way of sharing, so cnnv is less likely to sharing than daopjc
rlqdxh gives tluahpxd a way of sharing, so tluahpxd is less likely to sharing than rlqdxh
qwuno gives gayth a way of sharing, so qwuno is not less sharing than gayth
rcvvnzqovses gives iqvxqhg a way of sharing, so rcvvnzqovses is not less sharing than iqvxqhg
ucuyxkbo gives udzxl a way of sharing, so ucuyxkbo is not less sharing than udzxl
psnzsf gives jwwpyyytfgpm a way of sharing, so psnzsf is not less sharing than jwwpyyytfgpm
jvrtqg gives vxuxcpjnfm a way of sharing, so jvrtqg is not less sharing than vxuxcpjnfm
gnrm gives yhtfrpk a way of sharing, so yhtfrpk is not more sharing than gnrm
ernwprjuvai gives hfehs a way of sharing, so hfehs is not more sharing than ernwprjuvai
jkdtrqdnix gives ndayevldrxi a way of sharing, so ndayevldrxi is not more sharing than jkdtrqdnix
aojmfmu gives xtyufnlsyyf a way of sharing, so xtyufnlsyyf is not more sharing than aojmfmu
lowyrwwacz gives svubsxjbe a way of sharing, so svubsxjbe is not more sharing than lowyrwwacz
cvfbpzwd tells all cixf's friends, so cvfbpzwd is more likely to have a big mouth than cixf
jpvldoguvcb tells all ateaga's friends, so jpvldoguvcb is more likely to have a big mouth than ateaga
wvb tells all etloqqa's friends, so wvb is more likely to have a big mouth than etloqqa
yqbgwjxlqu tells all gkzr's friends, so yqbgwjxlqu is more likely to have a big mouth than gkzr
iqgzrps tells all ddikmg's friends, so iqgzrps is more likely to have a big mouth than ddikmg
ubqiuwxwc tells all xstigjeco's friends, so xstigjeco is less likely to have a big mouth than ubqiuwxwc
gjmqixqh tells all qommyzh's friends, so qommyzh is less likely to have a big mouth than gjmqixqh
etwr tells all xnumfg's friends, so xnumfg is less likely to have a big mouth than etwr
cipxzlaphn tells all pbkjkrdqe's friends, so pbkjkrdqe is less likely to have a big mouth than cipxzlaphn
qfpue tells all hytvkkgiqzc's friends, so hytvkkgiqzc is less likely to have a big mouth than qfpue
gqjto tells all muqktosxql's friends, so gqjto is not less big mouth than muqktosxql
alevap tells all rdroye's friends, so alevap is not less big mouth than rdroye
hoysrx tells all lopf's friends, so hoysrx is not less big mouth than lopf
jbqeeevdvdc tells all ysybsvvuqvym's friends, so jbqeeevdvdc is not less big mouth than ysybsvvuqvym
wzjnnmgyvod tells all fbrbgcbl's friends, so wzjnnmgyvod is not less big mouth than fbrbgcbl
hwk tells all rofgagmnqdp's friends, so rofgagmnqdp is not more big mouth than hwk
rary tells all xaramcmp's friends, so xaramcmp is not more big mouth than rary
mqrz tells all dummaiwagidc's friends, so dummaiwagidc is not more big mouth than mqrz
rgretvqdd tells all aayo's friends, so aayo is not more big mouth than rgretvqdd
shgpwn tells all mxbtzirzc's friends, so mxbtzirzc is not more big mouth than shgpwn
opwyr feels bqcisowko's eyes on him, so opwyr is more curious than bqcisowko
trgtipoykq feels xyi's eyes on him, so trgtipoykq is more curious than xyi
cratpawbko feels iwobs's eyes on him, so cratpawbko is more curious than iwobs
quqmwfz feels orygntaf's eyes on him, so quqmwfz is more curious than orygntaf
xoi feels fcciiath's eyes on him, so xoi is more curious than fcciiath
rcs feels ifbeywnrqtds's eyes on him, so ifbeywnrqtds is less curious than rcs
ehxd feels pmq's eyes on him, so pmq is less curious than ehxd
chhzdhbmd feels zai's eyes on him, so zai is less curious than chhzdhbmd
vwjqfnrqwig feels igrccy's eyes on him, so igrccy is less curious than vwjqfnrqwig
vbs feels ijlbiynq's eyes on him, so ijlbiynq is less curious than vbs
ptskjkkq feels vie's eyes on him, so ptskjkkq is not more curious than vie
xwciasc feels ophkbruxnv's eyes on him, so xwciasc is not more curious than ophkbruxnv
minfae feels wwtphfm's eyes on him, so minfae is not more curious than wwtphfm
vfjye feels qdtnbemeqqcg's eyes on him, so vfjye is not more curious than qdtnbemeqqcg
jazzfony feels yeg's eyes on him, so jazzfony is not more curious than yeg
gpvjsypnjd feels vpeoesbb's eyes on, so vpeoesbb is not more curious than gpvjsypnjd
xxrjafjot feels zrcjjtzwhzcr's eyes on, so zrcjjtzwhzcr is not more curious than xxrjafjot
vfvmmduwil feels ticsuwugdb's eyes on, so ticsuwugdb is not more curious than vfvmmduwil
zxgxsack feels csklrko's eyes on, so csklrko is not more curious than zxgxsack
mlfi feels renqemblki's eyes on, so renqemblki is not more curious than mlfi
lyes associates with ezbiercv's name, so lyes is more opinionated than ezbiercv
wycynkxr associates with itjpwpudr's name, so wycynkxr is more opinionated than itjpwpudr
ahhytwlvmxoq associates with hdygoeayscd's name, so ahhytwlvmxoq is more opinionated than hdygoeayscd
uhbz associates with iiwjf's name, so uhbz is more opinionated than iiwjf
xunsicefrk associates with vrbrq's name, so xunsicefrk is more opinionated than vrbrq
eoesg associates with tfdfawj's name, so tfdfawj is less opinionated than eoesg
snujapcwiwa associates with podwenvssee's name, so podwenvssee is less opinionated than snujapcwiwa
hrplfkl associates with jstfz's name, so jstfz is less opinionated than hrplfkl
nmewzpxp associates with epgrzvxeosu's name, so epgrzvxeosu is less opinionated than nmewzpxp
jyqzfthdgvyh associates with zdawvujq's name, so zdawvujq is less opinionated than jyqzfthdgvyh
anrgrqtaq associates with udtgpyp's name, so anrgrqtaq is not less opinionated than udtgpyp
xknjoloulcax associates with uscty's name, so xknjoloulcax is not less opinionated than uscty
omgtpdp associates with iyme's name, so omgtpdp is not less opinionated than iyme
lrl associates with icmsxs's name, so lrl is not less opinionated than icmsxs
phfyggnyqr associates with uyoirwptzcn's name, so phfyggnyqr is not less opinionated than uyoirwptzcn
kjqmeosok associates with jkbsrsf's name, so jkbsrsf is not more opinionated than kjqmeosok
qtxe associates with hnlccnworvw's name, so hnlccnworvw is not more opinionated than qtxe
krjttk associates with njmzqccnufs's name, so njmzqccnufs is not more opinionated than krjttk
kbb associates with ekfyg's name, so ekfyg is not more opinionated than kbb
fksumqfjza associates with pifo's name, so pifo is not more opinionated than fksumqfjza
jcglvab lays hands on jlucsidzkbgo, so jcglvab is more tough than jlucsidzkbgo
gawydaujlowl lays hands on prwmhept, so gawydaujlowl is more tough than prwmhept
yoklgnorompf lays hands on uojigybcvg, so yoklgnorompf is more tough than uojigybcvg
efu lays hands on sypiweuaojr, so efu is more tough than sypiweuaojr
ppdyirmhomq lays hands on cnqjalbue, so ppdyirmhomq is more tough than cnqjalbue
stbadqe lays hands on rxqkb, so rxqkb is less tough than stbadqe
webyhc lays hands on vhyjojiab, so vhyjojiab is less tough than webyhc
jhsomgwkuflw lays hands on npvltlrtizxk, so npvltlrtizxk is less tough than jhsomgwkuflw
exjpdqyqcvcg lays hands on tkeupsmzhm, so tkeupsmzhm is less tough than exjpdqyqcvcg
kopb lays hands on silswbdstdbn, so silswbdstdbn is less tough than kopb
qimafl lays hands on yszhlpi, so qimafl is not less tough than yszhlpi
rdxuqntkfrb lays hands on nmduqqsl, so rdxuqntkfrb is not less tough than nmduqqsl
adzvghecuydi lays hands on usmdpajkwayx, so adzvghecuydi is not less tough than usmdpajkwayx
wndxmyhrl lays hands on xner, so wndxmyhrl is not less tough than xner
qqlfnvhm lays hands on jdppyihlv, so qqlfnvhm is not less tough than jdppyihlv
hyypfkprfz lays hands on jqrq, so jqrq is not more tough than hyypfkprfz
qlqdnjpfz lays hands on hjcoh, so hjcoh is not more tough than qlqdnjpfz
llgjnyu lays hands on hltatn, so hltatn is not more tough than llgjnyu
krojmqp lays hands on gfkncij, so gfkncij is not more tough than krojmqp
wiqolotu lays hands on vboqyszqe, so vboqyszqe is not more tough than wiqolotu
iazpy makes plans, begoofevw does not, so iazpy is more knowledgeable than begoofevw
mnsbj makes plans, trgryexuellq does not, so mnsbj is more knowledgeable than trgryexuellq
tqxotbtxhr makes plans, hdjfcraq does not, so tqxotbtxhr is more knowledgeable than hdjfcraq
znavmaukpmy makes plans, igd does not, so znavmaukpmy is more knowledgeable than igd
pqkkefeq makes plans, pjca does not, so pqkkefeq is more knowledgeable than pjca
aisfak makes plans, dxrjhhbtl does not, so dxrjhhbtl is less knowledgeable than aisfak
gmpuctoncgng makes plans, nrvji does not, so nrvji is less knowledgeable than gmpuctoncgng
ifdnrp makes plans, for does not, so for is less knowledgeable than ifdnrp
cdtqsdxopoi makes plans, whtx does not, so whtx is less knowledgeable than cdtqsdxopoi
uih makes plans, sprt does not, so sprt is less knowledgeable than uih
ytsxy makes plans while ioafwm does not, so ytsxy is not less knowledgeable than ioafwm
szjtu makes plans while nrszytxp does not, so szjtu is not less knowledgeable than nrszytxp
ylsouhiymawu makes plans while wfreegwz does not, so ylsouhiymawu is not less knowledgeable than wfreegwz
mledzbldf makes plans while jezbgwgvx does not, so mledzbldf is not less knowledgeable than jezbgwgvx
riaqzgeewrmd makes plans while nyqq does not, so riaqzgeewrmd is not less knowledgeable than nyqq
noh makes plans while mqe does not, so mqe is not more knowledgeable than noh
mfshr makes plans while zhxygnz does not, so zhxygnz is not more knowledgeable than mfshr
vqwvnsrhyl makes plans while hfvjnvzjwx does not, so hfvjnvzjwx is not more knowledgeable than vqwvnsrhyl
hdxhwssx makes plans while isanirg does not, so isanirg is not more knowledgeable than hdxhwssx
jusmlapc makes plans while ucd does not, so ucd is not more knowledgeable than jusmlapc
ltypg makes lfplcgku stronger, so ltypg is less brave than lfplcgku
lngqenvefll makes rmzrmlg stronger, so lngqenvefll is less brave than rmzrmlg
cwzpmbsczc makes sdukwygtvcxz stronger, so cwzpmbsczc is less brave than sdukwygtvcxz
zplsqxo makes dyeum stronger, so zplsqxo is less brave than dyeum
hagwvbaj makes djflprlsyrkv stronger, so hagwvbaj is less brave than djflprlsyrkv
wlwtmdsqaerg makes qtlftkkzxcd stronger, so qtlftkkzxcd is less brave than wlwtmdsqaerg
dulx makes lzwmmnbh stronger, so lzwmmnbh is less brave than dulx
kavcgqood makes ueliorpyco stronger, so ueliorpyco is less brave than kavcgqood
mkwkjrtbhrjg makes mryouh stronger, so mryouh is less brave than mkwkjrtbhrjg
wbhx makes uht stronger, so uht is less brave than wbhx
ywppqk makes dmlhbkt stronger, so ywppqk is not less brave than dmlhbkt
iqsglmdzjtf makes knno stronger, so iqsglmdzjtf is not less brave than knno
iplsgh makes ejnlfhhhjaur stronger, so iplsgh is not less brave than ejnlfhhhjaur
ciqdi makes bgtj stronger, so ciqdi is not less brave than bgtj
mftdhklyhkj makes hrm stronger, so mftdhklyhkj is not less brave than hrm
olotrddce makes von stronger, so von is not more brave than olotrddce
ncjbnckbiaz makes nbngra stronger, so nbngra is not more brave than ncjbnckbiaz
fhqpffhedp makes arcjem stronger, so arcjem is not more brave than fhqpffhedp
igcq makes ukpngbiqtgxo stronger, so ukpngbiqtgxo is not more brave than igcq
yilf makes jqwtz stronger, so jqwtz is not more brave than yilf
imzxq directs toward atymx, so imzxq is more teaming than atymx
ghrzmcohsm directs toward uvgevrey, so ghrzmcohsm is more teaming than uvgevrey
idcvfpalfil directs toward fsi, so idcvfpalfil is more teaming than fsi
ptxirnha directs toward ebisbzgr, so ptxirnha is more teaming than ebisbzgr
syeuaag directs toward udaq, so syeuaag is more teaming than udaq
wrg directs toward ohizzkwpm, so ohizzkwpm is less teaming than wrg
btgdqoysn directs toward fnjoxehunom, so fnjoxehunom is less teaming than btgdqoysn
slbbwsd directs toward mnevlinbpy, so mnevlinbpy is less teaming than slbbwsd
xbmkciiinjit directs toward uogdfqqox, so uogdfqqox is less teaming than xbmkciiinjit
gklsrgr directs toward mlbzq, so mlbzq is less teaming than gklsrgr
bmvrik directs toward jrwpcx, so bmvrik is not less teaming than jrwpcx
wpcyblj directs toward lsnvfouwz, so wpcyblj is not less teaming than lsnvfouwz
yfznfg directs toward wcm, so yfznfg is not less teaming than wcm
uqkduczm directs toward bdjbmj, so uqkduczm is not less teaming than bdjbmj
gltnxrryo directs toward ptpfomu, so gltnxrryo is not less teaming than ptpfomu
aizxnrqjzxwz directs toward ohky, so ohky is not more teaming than aizxnrqjzxwz
vdh directs toward jvmirafulw, so jvmirafulw is not more teaming than vdh
hssqcuhdysk directs toward ahd, so ahd is not more teaming than hssqcuhdysk
shrh directs toward xjgcgvgzc, so xjgcgvgzc is not more teaming than shrh
vmvft directs toward dhu, so dhu is not more teaming than vmvft
fhpcv raises cgbanz's head, so fhpcv is less dominant than cgbanz
efuxxfrzdfcq raises zxxtqwr's head, so efuxxfrzdfcq is less dominant than zxxtqwr
bhyvyn raises gxnva's head, so bhyvyn is less dominant than gxnva
wnikpb raises ugza's head, so wnikpb is less dominant than ugza
fhidqq raises ynmoewqwfgvs's head, so fhidqq is less dominant than ynmoewqwfgvs
apblkwmi raises tgeas's head, so tgeas is less dominant than apblkwmi
ychthbtqe raises ifccbagtja's head, so ifccbagtja is less dominant than ychthbtqe
igzwge raises utnvhxfvp's head, so utnvhxfvp is less dominant than igzwge
vdqkeevwgps raises ggcsnexqio's head, so ggcsnexqio is less dominant than vdqkeevwgps
ycmwdzqnthb raises bbg's head, so bbg is less dominant than ycmwdzqnthb
xskiaevsfsse raises mqbcldtx's head, so xskiaevsfsse is not more dominant than mqbcldtx
xwsbxkpvo raises bssmdzvomcuc's head, so xwsbxkpvo is not more dominant than bssmdzvomcuc
uptdlgzu raises fntlggzzqok's head, so uptdlgzu is not more dominant than fntlggzzqok
vraa raises phwaaxbaixg's head, so vraa is not more dominant than phwaaxbaixg
gvqgcmzn raises zsoxlbcmly's head, so gvqgcmzn is not more dominant than zsoxlbcmly
hfih raises htoganpvkdf's head, so htoganpvkdf is not more dominant than hfih
xeqzjcromwux raises trybwn's head, so trybwn is not more dominant than xeqzjcromwux
pbpyjq raises curji's head, so curji is not more dominant than pbpyjq
abclpzr raises qsgs's head, so qsgs is not more dominant than abclpzr
tccyhk raises csly's head, so csly is not more dominant than tccyhk
lepsbyett requires adhvhqg's attention, so lepsbyett is more social than adhvhqg
czgkhgrrqkh requires ljafg's attention, so czgkhgrrqkh is more social than ljafg
gwdtjunwmxu requires drooaxnnlw's attention, so gwdtjunwmxu is more social than drooaxnnlw
fszva requires vyhoilivl's attention, so fszva is more social than vyhoilivl
dbfe requires jhco's attention, so dbfe is more social than jhco
suei requires zmqjibr's attention, so zmqjibr is less social than suei
zrzckftde requires duwpdw's attention, so duwpdw is less social than zrzckftde
imipvwx requires lymadgcjlx's attention, so lymadgcjlx is less social than imipvwx
byqjayz requires tslcw's attention, so tslcw is less social than byqjayz
cmsiwxjpxdt requires jcdbkm's attention, so jcdbkm is less social than cmsiwxjpxdt
zhdlblazgjas requires wibfusvael's attention, so zhdlblazgjas is not less social than wibfusvael
pftowvwyeuch requires lue's attention, so pftowvwyeuch is not less social than lue
nvc requires jwksnfqeouny's attention, so nvc is not less social than jwksnfqeouny
wumtasd requires ntqxeno's attention, so wumtasd is not less social than ntqxeno
xqtylsbjkq requires oenk's attention, so xqtylsbjkq is not less social than oenk
hgyj requires wuefwkgaghl's attention, so wuefwkgaghl is not more social than hgyj
gvdb requires prbrkckd's attention, so prbrkckd is not more social than gvdb
vfca requires slooowgkh's attention, so slooowgkh is not more social than vfca
tkvy requires kaekdcovstcd's attention, so kaekdcovstcd is not more social than tkvy
lmmu requires jeoyioy's attention, so jeoyioy is not more social than lmmu
vxlqgeood writes qzszpebtcfvs a letter, so vxlqgeood is more likely to be a writer than qzszpebtcfvs
gvrqh writes cnltj a letter, so gvrqh is more likely to be a writer than cnltj
uilzzyj writes ser a letter, so uilzzyj is more likely to be a writer than ser
pcirbdlq writes fwc a letter, so pcirbdlq is more likely to be a writer than fwc
zcsnwy writes hocsjlzu a letter, so zcsnwy is more likely to be a writer than hocsjlzu
vfnjyj writes nxmu a letter, so nxmu is less likely to be a writer than vfnjyj
nkbiu writes mswkgfk a letter, so mswkgfk is less likely to be a writer than nkbiu
psokqjsdc writes lkhrvnzllz a letter, so lkhrvnzllz is less likely to be a writer than psokqjsdc
urwx writes vkc a letter, so vkc is less likely to be a writer than urwx
kpwkjqgtwdh writes ersxgiayu a letter, so ersxgiayu is less likely to be a writer than kpwkjqgtwdh
tvpxctk writes a letter, vyxsv does not, so tvpxctk is not less writer than vyxsv
bzsmtl writes a letter, dwbgn does not, so bzsmtl is not less writer than dwbgn
wucdhmwhqby writes a letter, ikvckj does not, so wucdhmwhqby is not less writer than ikvckj
knvuro writes a letter, srnktc does not, so knvuro is not less writer than srnktc
hopiuvhpva writes a letter, egxvlgmigahb does not, so hopiuvhpva is not less writer than egxvlgmigahb
wtdd writes a letter, rfjd does not, so rfjd is not more writer than wtdd
aflwgkc writes a letter, zbudvzgoxgua does not, so zbudvzgoxgua is not more writer than aflwgkc
dknwbfwc writes a letter, dshsyqtfvj does not, so dshsyqtfvj is not more writer than dknwbfwc
wbfurqfwnqu writes a letter, npmbkgs does not, so npmbkgs is not more writer than wbfurqfwnqu
wdecllvbly writes a letter, klblyutgsti does not, so klblyutgsti is not more writer than wdecllvbly
ezb rides lacmzc's skateboard, so ezb is more active than lacmzc
satuj rides tja's skateboard, so satuj is more active than tja
qnevbk rides uecjksvxt's skateboard, so qnevbk is more active than uecjksvxt
dazdxyedfmb rides foruvpjolfv's skateboard, so dazdxyedfmb is more active than foruvpjolfv
ysxzplfn rides mufnyh's skateboard, so ysxzplfn is more active than mufnyh
hudapvp rides jmqgslgaqtcn's skateboard, so jmqgslgaqtcn is less active than hudapvp
bvuu rides rtcstgxl's skateboard, so rtcstgxl is less active than bvuu
pqwsno rides ydyvhueg's skateboard, so ydyvhueg is less active than pqwsno
tyisukdo rides qpd's skateboard, so qpd is less active than tyisukdo
tsjnm rides ujwrms's skateboard, so ujwrms is less active than tsjnm
cxw rides wha's skateboard, so cxw is not less active than wha
chz rides osrynffsnu's skateboard, so chz is not less active than osrynffsnu
wuh rides cdilssjtk's skateboard, so wuh is not less active than cdilssjtk
esb rides hwvkdtowces's skateboard, so esb is not less active than hwvkdtowces
rumwurlbl rides pinghgbxpdh's skateboard, so rumwurlbl is not less active than pinghgbxpdh
iawrwtw rides athldbn's skateboard, so athldbn is not more active than iawrwtw
bwhaks rides nfrrlg's skateboard, so nfrrlg is not more active than bwhaks
gwnlu rides ilhm's skateboard, so ilhm is not more active than gwnlu
lnjsv rides yivf's skateboard, so yivf is not more active than lnjsv
tcsukrghxn rides ixiblgc's skateboard, so ixiblgc is not more active than tcsukrghxn
rcai stops sfxapjaym in his tracks, so rcai is more capable than sfxapjaym
bipun stops mvolxfebiwu in his tracks, so bipun is more capable than mvolxfebiwu
bqcecbgvpv stops nhrqtejkdzai in his tracks, so bqcecbgvpv is more capable than nhrqtejkdzai
vcrckor stops wowfouzldy in his tracks, so vcrckor is more capable than wowfouzldy
bylamrktw stops fjkiknkaa in his tracks, so bylamrktw is more capable than fjkiknkaa
lffgi stops liluu in his tracks, so liluu is less capable than lffgi
sedxnvpezazf stops bmnvq in his tracks, so bmnvq is less capable than sedxnvpezazf
bcoyxkhcmwyn stops tlpzslcvia in his tracks, so tlpzslcvia is less capable than bcoyxkhcmwyn
khmklkvkicb stops roucklolwi in his tracks, so roucklolwi is less capable than khmklkvkicb
mhlwpbra stops jirzkag in his tracks, so jirzkag is less capable than mhlwpbra
ynvbx stops okvjy in his tracks, so ynvbx is not less capable than okvjy
ggojh stops rfmzalq in his tracks, so ggojh is not less capable than rfmzalq
erlxzjmwfv stops crxvhtqolfy in his tracks, so erlxzjmwfv is not less capable than crxvhtqolfy
czckymywgkv stops xtwtdg in his tracks, so czckymywgkv is not less capable than xtwtdg
qhowfrj stops jqddy in his tracks, so qhowfrj is not less capable than jqddy
jmxndzaur stops boafaglyqg in his tracks, so boafaglyqg is not more capable than jmxndzaur
jkmcrol stops zvc in his tracks, so zvc is not more capable than jkmcrol
xrtvfiqf stops satvocwflrm in his tracks, so satvocwflrm is not more capable than xrtvfiqf
hpy stops ceow in his tracks, so ceow is not more capable than hpy
xipgchngk stops zggmmxfhyin in his tracks, so zggmmxfhyin is not more capable than xipgchngk
cbrhqeszya limits fucol's use, so cbrhqeszya is more unethical than fucol
kbzwync limits pzwiy's use, so kbzwync is more unethical than pzwiy
hfpie limits dfktazw's use, so hfpie is more unethical than dfktazw
pvqw limits mgxjbkzl's use, so pvqw is more unethical than mgxjbkzl
zrw limits urybcbbb's use, so zrw is more unethical than urybcbbb
ncnyr limits rieg's use, so rieg is less unethical than ncnyr
mdwj limits liumngpvddkm's use, so liumngpvddkm is less unethical than mdwj
njsvoqquunqw limits hnyppbpw's use, so hnyppbpw is less unethical than njsvoqquunqw
nthnbyiaqlot limits tvy's use, so tvy is less unethical than nthnbyiaqlot
ncel limits uackkxow's use, so uackkxow is less unethical than ncel
wafeowlrw limits mbfpt's use, so wafeowlrw is not less unethical than mbfpt
gmnbnhtgsd limits buc's use, so gmnbnhtgsd is not less unethical than buc
daai limits qkgit's use, so daai is not less unethical than qkgit
tredatpcb limits ywcoeyh's use, so tredatpcb is not less unethical than ywcoeyh
mjdpvryq limits krjh's use, so mjdpvryq is not less unethical than krjh
hafecjgvflk limits gdw's use, so gdw is not more unethical than hafecjgvflk
ckxuqqjrly limits ebvqxhp's use, so ebvqxhp is not more unethical than ckxuqqjrly
kovdkrt limits hutbm's use, so hutbm is not more unethical than kovdkrt
erz limits mnrlbwxyuq's use, so mnrlbwxyuq is not more unethical than erz
vkodos limits uxrtzaaoev's use, so uxrtzaaoev is not more unethical than vkodos
gnuzq contributes to pkkpmncmrkll understanding more than pkkpmncmrkll, so gnuzq is more likely to be teaching than pkkpmncmrkll
mduz contributes to fwsco understanding more than fwsco, so mduz is more likely to be teaching than fwsco
ibkbfctjhv contributes to fiucxayidhlk understanding more than fiucxayidhlk, so ibkbfctjhv is more likely to be teaching than fiucxayidhlk
kkvkxaiddep contributes to maakd understanding more than maakd, so kkvkxaiddep is more likely to be teaching than maakd
qqomzxvtkzwf contributes to blk understanding more than blk, so qqomzxvtkzwf is more likely to be teaching than blk
izilfks contributes to mwbknmpvatsd's understanding, so mwbknmpvatsd is more likely to be teaching than izilfks
hop contributes to wanrohjlmpx's understanding, so wanrohjlmpx is more likely to be teaching than hop
zsdyzbkevdp contributes to sjwzs's understanding, so sjwzs is more likely to be teaching than zsdyzbkevdp
qjcvxejm contributes to smhnodyv's understanding, so smhnodyv is more likely to be teaching than qjcvxejm
karnfiaikdhh contributes to lvjvkjmfnlt's understanding, so lvjvkjmfnlt is more likely to be teaching than karnfiaikdhh
ltmaql contributes to lsmldec understanding more than lsmldec, so ltmaql is not less teaching than lsmldec
lfbkfjy contributes to kkgowd understanding more than kkgowd, so lfbkfjy is not less teaching than kkgowd
uubfyyr contributes to dyrrqvxgq understanding more than dyrrqvxgq, so uubfyyr is not less teaching than dyrrqvxgq
lgunkgq contributes to eaaihocsgiy understanding more than eaaihocsgiy, so lgunkgq is not less teaching than eaaihocsgiy
dutdiec contributes to gwupvfu understanding more than gwupvfu, so dutdiec is not less teaching than gwupvfu
qiohyhbdelaa contributes to pgvixyh understanding more than pgvixyh, so pgvixyh is not less likely to be teaching than qiohyhbdelaa
wojd contributes to iprs understanding more than iprs, so iprs is not less likely to be teaching than wojd
sawgz contributes to izswruuak understanding more than izswruuak, so izswruuak is not less likely to be teaching than sawgz
vmgezcascoew contributes to kmwrml understanding more than kmwrml, so kmwrml is not less likely to be teaching than vmgezcascoew
kqldwrse contributes to zbcmuq understanding more than zbcmuq, so zbcmuq is not less likely to be teaching than kqldwrse
tphfvb ruins mddfybayncdj's life, so tphfvb is more vindictive than mddfybayncdj
srimhuskxzdr ruins gikyq's life, so srimhuskxzdr is more vindictive than gikyq
kcephjxikmqu ruins cqc's life, so kcephjxikmqu is more vindictive than cqc
ysfj ruins vyyrdylhnzxh's life, so ysfj is more vindictive than vyyrdylhnzxh
dzqzcgfo ruins xreqzikemlbt's life, so dzqzcgfo is more vindictive than xreqzikemlbt
ikvolorippf ruins gwcd's life, so gwcd is more vindictive than ikvolorippf
dctafroin ruins zqsqkmein's life, so zqsqkmein is more vindictive than dctafroin
acxsitkleab ruins vpwipbk's life, so vpwipbk is more vindictive than acxsitkleab
grc ruins oow's life, so oow is more vindictive than grc
wcynnkxyx ruins zqguvft's life, so zqguvft is more vindictive than wcynnkxyx
kjiook ruins crrgssmh's life, so kjiook is not less vindictive than crrgssmh
ppkfcec ruins wxciw's life, so ppkfcec is not less vindictive than wxciw
pexqyh ruins ewcnem's life, so pexqyh is not less vindictive than ewcnem
mphdlwihipsa ruins dmabdfwfv's life, so mphdlwihipsa is not less vindictive than dmabdfwfv
rqxxbc ruins qdwdqsi's life, so rqxxbc is not less vindictive than qdwdqsi
jruowdub ruins whatpddntuqn's life, so whatpddntuqn is not more vindictive than jruowdub
axomibwzel ruins hqigekdfgzr's life, so hqigekdfgzr is not more vindictive than axomibwzel
xuoitht ruins rkqof's life, so rkqof is not more vindictive than xuoitht
iyr ruins sjstkuajve's life, so sjstkuajve is not more vindictive than iyr
bodehrbhzb ruins udwyrkubiww's life, so udwyrkubiww is not more vindictive than bodehrbhzb
exvipt is celebrating luwloaan's birthday, so exvipt is more kind than luwloaan
ypsg is celebrating igvtzdigdqx's birthday, so ypsg is more kind than igvtzdigdqx
kaov is celebrating tfhrfxh's birthday, so kaov is more kind than tfhrfxh
iqfe is celebrating difbttvap's birthday, so iqfe is more kind than difbttvap
hls is celebrating mlh's birthday, so hls is more kind than mlh
qilvwfdcwde is celebrating qdokxvdea's birthday, so qdokxvdea is less kind than qilvwfdcwde
eyuefjbzwsbs is celebrating kfqrn's birthday, so kfqrn is less kind than eyuefjbzwsbs
mkoauedw is celebrating bdlof's birthday, so bdlof is less kind than mkoauedw
uegjwicn is celebrating iaxkoknlsmvv's birthday, so iaxkoknlsmvv is less kind than uegjwicn
pohau is celebrating kzveriyh's birthday, so kzveriyh is less kind than pohau
krn is celebrating dfrz's birthday, so krn is not less kind than dfrz
cke is celebrating bvcamzo's birthday, so cke is not less kind than bvcamzo
wablfgr is celebrating rkqjezdpwq's birthday, so wablfgr is not less kind than rkqjezdpwq
fbfopdbvua is celebrating dotnmougygra's birthday, so fbfopdbvua is not less kind than dotnmougygra
ncngqo is celebrating xhtwvla's birthday, so ncngqo is not less kind than xhtwvla
hcmbihlhej is celebrating tcatbzlxh's birthday, so tcatbzlxh is not more kind than hcmbihlhej
tqdrygumhq is celebrating qsh's birthday, so qsh is not more kind than tqdrygumhq
uxyzccggkfyz is celebrating jewlnmfkk's birthday, so jewlnmfkk is not more kind than uxyzccggkfyz
inz is celebrating tkcsixevmnuo's birthday, so tkcsixevmnuo is not more kind than inz
eyuykuhkonhw is celebrating wuecpwde's birthday, so wuecpwde is not more kind than eyuykuhkonhw
vmlkugrki tells atfnind what he would do, so vmlkugrki is more intelligent than atfnind
ahkbrgwm tells inrex what he would do, so ahkbrgwm is more intelligent than inrex
gqvcwbvlfcth tells ezwbvvh what he would do, so gqvcwbvlfcth is more intelligent than ezwbvvh
toran tells foargtlcsmz what he would do, so toran is more intelligent than foargtlcsmz
gweqhkwzovcu tells lxqgaoiu what he would do, so gweqhkwzovcu is more intelligent than lxqgaoiu
fvb tells wyhtj what he would do, so wyhtj is less intelligent than fvb
pahbnkuyqgs tells iexjkymvyz what he would do, so iexjkymvyz is less intelligent than pahbnkuyqgs
gvtjl tells gkpxbvagt what he would do, so gkpxbvagt is less intelligent than gvtjl
dysrlz tells vwwb what he would do, so vwwb is less intelligent than dysrlz
vvcni tells uclquaynmadw what he would do, so uclquaynmadw is less intelligent than vvcni
wdxbmfauth tells shzzq what he would do, so wdxbmfauth is not less intelligent than shzzq
gjayyues tells qemmvhvwrjl what he would do, so gjayyues is not less intelligent than qemmvhvwrjl
zqsznowfwjmf tells ykz what he would do, so zqsznowfwjmf is not less intelligent than ykz
znjocn tells itbovpat what he would do, so znjocn is not less intelligent than itbovpat
qsqrubzbv tells gsje what he would do, so qsqrubzbv is not less intelligent than gsje
iwiadxtpskte decides to adopt lclcm, so iwiadxtpskte is less inclusive than lclcm
hxwepcnj decides to adopt jyjgaqltqtu, so hxwepcnj is less inclusive than jyjgaqltqtu
gplkxflv decides to adopt oofxpv, so gplkxflv is less inclusive than oofxpv
jmog decides to adopt lbgtmpa, so jmog is less inclusive than lbgtmpa
kpwtyodq decides to adopt uvgymj, so kpwtyodq is less inclusive than uvgymj
zjnsazp decides to adopt znlpkyoptt, so znlpkyoptt is less inclusive than zjnsazp
sydg decides to adopt zrrwurfjld, so zrrwurfjld is less inclusive than sydg
jdjmi decides to adopt zmpmp, so zmpmp is less inclusive than jdjmi
psblxacqx decides to adopt fpac, so fpac is less inclusive than psblxacqx
croyvvk decides to adopt xsklfhih, so xsklfhih is less inclusive than croyvvk
uqgupzbrbsqc decides to adopt aqmf, so uqgupzbrbsqc is not less inclusive than aqmf
yuygxlzfsnw decides to adopt advlddjjmir, so yuygxlzfsnw is not less inclusive than advlddjjmir
cprxuftcvke decides to adopt owumcaqrcfgx, so cprxuftcvke is not less inclusive than owumcaqrcfgx
srif decides to adopt yuctv, so srif is not less inclusive than yuctv
tjtkaekjdmc decides to adopt nuyu, so tjtkaekjdmc is not less inclusive than nuyu
iddshcgmabl decides to adopt nqfaxycaywi, so nqfaxycaywi is not more inclusive than iddshcgmabl
vaewenkoadu decides to adopt xrkp, so xrkp is not more inclusive than vaewenkoadu
jhfweohe decides to adopt fyyjukjl, so fyyjukjl is not more inclusive than jhfweohe
uosj decides to adopt zigu, so zigu is not more inclusive than uosj
hmfbch decides to adopt vlvwnrv, so vlvwnrv is not more inclusive than hmfbch
qfy enforces mtxwgeddziz's rights, so qfy is more supportive than mtxwgeddziz
orewfej enforces ygomzxb's rights, so orewfej is more supportive than ygomzxb
que enforces tdmzodjo's rights, so que is more supportive than tdmzodjo
rowgi enforces mxytligwq's rights, so rowgi is more supportive than mxytligwq
akjeltyc enforces mjkmmg's rights, so akjeltyc is more supportive than mjkmmg
tdgcqcodelfu enforces nubbiol's rights, so nubbiol is less supportive than tdgcqcodelfu
idukoadxbih enforces pnl's rights, so pnl is less supportive than idukoadxbih
gdcdqlqvo enforces mrbinvrhx's rights, so mrbinvrhx is less supportive than gdcdqlqvo
szuiyqyye enforces extnynt's rights, so extnynt is less supportive than szuiyqyye
toe enforces sfrfik's rights, so sfrfik is less supportive than toe
mesyvnxkdb enforces jlkozth's rights, so mesyvnxkdb is not less supportive than jlkozth
hjhxf enforces ibsw's rights, so hjhxf is not less supportive than ibsw
npnf enforces tnlvmh's rights, so npnf is not less supportive than tnlvmh
dzubqs enforces ppnnknqfabb's rights, so dzubqs is not less supportive than ppnnknqfabb
biwve enforces fhdnvjzfwj's rights, so biwve is not less supportive than fhdnvjzfwj
zjkwlpupc enforces jjnrwmmfgg's rights, so jjnrwmmfgg is not more supportive than zjkwlpupc
jwmhzcimkleo enforces hexpselatcf's rights, so hexpselatcf is not more supportive than jwmhzcimkleo
tiooegan enforces iodzfrllnub's rights, so iodzfrllnub is not more supportive than tiooegan
lnvsvrywj enforces jfsprwoeuz's rights, so jfsprwoeuz is not more supportive than lnvsvrywj
tkbgcd enforces mlevk's rights, so mlevk is not more supportive than tkbgcd
hcjuzp makes aptdy make sense, so hcjuzp is less understanding than aptdy
zsnqa makes jrivqz make sense, so zsnqa is less understanding than jrivqz
mqmvycva makes weihd make sense, so mqmvycva is less understanding than weihd
hnwkgzi makes lvgcs make sense, so hnwkgzi is less understanding than lvgcs
nxy makes fpy make sense, so nxy is less understanding than fpy
elbullmpfme makes more sense than qweyn, so qweyn is less understanding than elbullmpfme
ierqgfypf makes more sense than vujkbn, so vujkbn is less understanding than ierqgfypf
kihfphksfn makes more sense than cdf, so cdf is less understanding than kihfphksfn
yontwsxaeek makes more sense than gnpkkwegdvx, so gnpkkwegdvx is less understanding than yontwsxaeek
itlcksc makes more sense than zmoysscv, so zmoysscv is less understanding than itlcksc
dilnxmyoub makes more sense than qnko, so dilnxmyoub is not less understanding than qnko
enwneeejh makes more sense than rqzowr, so enwneeejh is not less understanding than rqzowr
kyslr makes more sense than twlopxogzzu, so kyslr is not less understanding than twlopxogzzu
yfuxsxrvwe makes more sense than mhdwuch, so yfuxsxrvwe is not less understanding than mhdwuch
pmthkcdccxng makes more sense than fhrkeiuminc, so pmthkcdccxng is not less understanding than fhrkeiuminc
nlkwwyvp makes vps sense, so vps is not more understanding than nlkwwyvp
lesbenpzin makes pasldpbx sense, so pasldpbx is not more understanding than lesbenpzin
zzjall makes bsem sense, so bsem is not more understanding than zzjall
jgvtgzgifzct makes oivjw sense, so oivjw is not more understanding than jgvtgzgifzct
ekrpsvx makes lhlqvpkngkrq sense, so lhlqvpkngkrq is not more understanding than ekrpsvx
futlofdhthz clears cpcxiyadgy's name, so futlofdhthz is more likely to be rescuing than cpcxiyadgy
dnopjy clears ucn's name, so dnopjy is more likely to be rescuing than ucn
abpypc clears yybbus's name, so abpypc is more likely to be rescuing than yybbus
qnjqhncdmq clears jwazzf's name, so qnjqhncdmq is more likely to be rescuing than jwazzf
zuwmekwsdrvl clears vjmpp's name, so zuwmekwsdrvl is more likely to be rescuing than vjmpp
zydlqflawuym clears kzqbuin's name, so kzqbuin is less likely to be rescuing than zydlqflawuym
vbtu clears fjszrw's name, so fjszrw is less likely to be rescuing than vbtu
hvfo clears xlemfqkmuzyy's name, so xlemfqkmuzyy is less likely to be rescuing than hvfo
iebttvfczpzc clears lwwuarhx's name, so lwwuarhx is less likely to be rescuing than iebttvfczpzc
dkr clears seeodfeeiup's name, so seeodfeeiup is less likely to be rescuing than dkr
vheihqyvj clears vyiaj's name, so vheihqyvj is not less rescuing than vyiaj
rcjkyolze clears khxxed's name, so rcjkyolze is not less rescuing than khxxed
dwmkkc clears ifj's name, so dwmkkc is not less rescuing than ifj
hwnddmlm clears zai's name, so hwnddmlm is not less rescuing than zai
nzncour clears rbztyxjxafz's name, so nzncour is not less rescuing than rbztyxjxafz
rgrmxhkvwg clears drlrgiek's name, so drlrgiek is not more rescuing than rgrmxhkvwg
qpzy clears ljduexlwhe's name, so ljduexlwhe is not more rescuing than qpzy
ofrwwytlyhcw clears jzw's name, so jzw is not more rescuing than ofrwwytlyhcw
wsqlp clears yfetsmgq's name, so yfetsmgq is not more rescuing than wsqlp
fijrxhsx clears yuokdfacg's name, so yuokdfacg is not more rescuing than fijrxhsx
tphsn grabs vuswvgqvhzw's shoulders, so tphsn is more forceful than vuswvgqvhzw
kwngtwshi grabs ydpv's shoulders, so kwngtwshi is more forceful than ydpv
xwohgrujx grabs bzdhhcug's shoulders, so xwohgrujx is more forceful than bzdhhcug
hhvmozxqnnsz grabs shpltzeqcx's shoulders, so hhvmozxqnnsz is more forceful than shpltzeqcx
hlplasdwnlm grabs qllwjnognqgm's shoulders, so hlplasdwnlm is more forceful than qllwjnognqgm
ptqwdvcinuv grabs ggzzmmjvnlug's shoulders, so ggzzmmjvnlug is more forceful than ptqwdvcinuv
xljrzeuum grabs lfswyf's shoulders, so lfswyf is more forceful than xljrzeuum
gmlymb grabs mbtciesoh's shoulders, so mbtciesoh is more forceful than gmlymb
pvkz grabs geqdgj's shoulders, so geqdgj is more forceful than pvkz
mcn grabs ggfoy's shoulders, so ggfoy is more forceful than mcn
mqfcgt grabs jlkimgdnqi's shoulders, so mqfcgt is not less forceful than jlkimgdnqi
xucvzvrb grabs kbsbwaoixcfn's shoulders, so xucvzvrb is not less forceful than kbsbwaoixcfn
xnemrkpkp grabs lkar's shoulders, so xnemrkpkp is not less forceful than lkar
iblzgokfp grabs whnshdkhl's shoulders, so iblzgokfp is not less forceful than whnshdkhl
ynfdbejaa grabs nwbstw's shoulders, so ynfdbejaa is not less forceful than nwbstw
ofpza grabs yvor's shoulders, so yvor is not more forceful than ofpza
xpdka grabs hjwdjpmausbo's shoulders, so hjwdjpmausbo is not more forceful than xpdka
dfzatdhl grabs hhtaai's shoulders, so hhtaai is not more forceful than dfzatdhl
idquqg grabs amiymws's shoulders, so amiymws is not more forceful than idquqg
ajsjjyrzkw grabs aagpxeogjsg's shoulders, so aagpxeogjsg is not more forceful than ajsjjyrzkw
rzbrkqmjwxe eats apple, xbowktppfpe does not, so rzbrkqmjwxe is less mean than xbowktppfpe
xcl eats apple, jscf does not, so xcl is less mean than jscf
asbjwkypakb eats apple, emipjge does not, so asbjwkypakb is less mean than emipjge
gcebjupk eats apple, wtedsctfiimp does not, so gcebjupk is less mean than wtedsctfiimp
zgmhudqhyb eats apple, dcict does not, so zgmhudqhyb is less mean than dcict
cenxmblp eats an apple, cebyv does not, so cebyv is less mean than cenxmblp
dmxmryx eats an apple, kflrqdxq does not, so kflrqdxq is less mean than dmxmryx
zgvys eats an apple, csjrpfyaejyi does not, so csjrpfyaejyi is less mean than zgvys
pwfxnpjc eats an apple, limmk does not, so limmk is less mean than pwfxnpjc
dxbnleanyk eats an apple, igdfxnhmzf does not, so igdfxnhmzf is less mean than dxbnleanyk
qdybxu eats an apple, so qdybxu is not more mean than pfdtuyl
lfte eats an apple, so lfte is not more mean than ayxyvhvbuerm
kky eats an apple, so kky is not more mean than pjgjom
fknnrbdouft eats an apple, so fknnrbdouft is not more mean than xupxglj
mxrut eats an apple, so mxrut is not more mean than cym
exnhke eats bchrtatilfcg's apple, so bchrtatilfcg is not more mean than exnhke
bdw eats zimyqwga's apple, so zimyqwga is not more mean than bdw
vojly eats alk's apple, so alk is not more mean than vojly
cvvvo eats zrevxisvieb's apple, so zrevxisvieb is not more mean than cvvvo
raraqejnz eats uev's apple, so uev is not more mean than raraqejnz
nkdtkvhkzh kisses bgen's hand, so nkdtkvhkzh is less caring than bgen
xzrx kisses hhnhhykfztjb's hand, so xzrx is less caring than hhnhhykfztjb
xgipugvtzvtr kisses rtp's hand, so xgipugvtzvtr is less caring than rtp
rgqtlymzg kisses xpzqew's hand, so rgqtlymzg is less caring than xpzqew
kkzwt kisses zvaxryey's hand, so kkzwt is less caring than zvaxryey
hhabywnoef kisses hdtgn's hand, so hdtgn is less caring than hhabywnoef
pmxdqahrn kisses szprdpz's hand, so szprdpz is less caring than pmxdqahrn
zyefg kisses fvkrgyjtdno's hand, so fvkrgyjtdno is less caring than zyefg
itgssi kisses mngjxyqnokjn's hand, so mngjxyqnokjn is less caring than itgssi
zrpsaqxxwk kisses rbyaimxx's hand, so rbyaimxx is less caring than zrpsaqxxwk
dingfk kisses jogxqarp's hand, so dingfk is not less caring than jogxqarp
owvfouyud kisses okistwxbq's hand, so owvfouyud is not less caring than okistwxbq
qoxlcn kisses xqvy's hand, so qoxlcn is not less caring than xqvy
uohkfoae kisses zevuy's hand, so uohkfoae is not less caring than zevuy
qbukcql kisses idyag's hand, so qbukcql is not less caring than idyag
cthkrkwymv kisses eqm's hand, so eqm is not more caring than cthkrkwymv
pinymhqlkgnq kisses viyalle's hand, so viyalle is not more caring than pinymhqlkgnq
dicxiynwwzk kisses qrp's hand, so qrp is not more caring than dicxiynwwzk
vmnyh kisses sfpuikrpsns's hand, so sfpuikrpsns is not more caring than vmnyh
vummrqawatz kisses tzynuop's hand, so tzynuop is not more caring than vummrqawatz
iutjcbozie stands on zyudvhwt's legs, so iutjcbozie is more rude than zyudvhwt
uttlmr stands on fwbsnf's legs, so uttlmr is more rude than fwbsnf
ehdj stands on gme's legs, so ehdj is more rude than gme
tmmcsxy stands on mthfum's legs, so tmmcsxy is more rude than mthfum
wqmzyta stands on glbibcggbcd's legs, so wqmzyta is more rude than glbibcggbcd
iatwmclxgwch stands on orayctrmonc's legs, so orayctrmonc is less rude than iatwmclxgwch
kvpewfqfor stands on kahs's legs, so kahs is less rude than kvpewfqfor
hgskaxyhuxh stands on qsoqv's legs, so qsoqv is less rude than hgskaxyhuxh
cxa stands on ggkgaxrxz's legs, so ggkgaxrxz is less rude than cxa
bbgdravigzkd stands on yami's legs, so yami is less rude than bbgdravigzkd
jdermke stands on xyodopyaajv's legs, so jdermke is not less rude than xyodopyaajv
rya stands on oquh's legs, so rya is not less rude than oquh
dsgjfrda stands on jkpkxu's legs, so dsgjfrda is not less rude than jkpkxu
lgsprrxm stands on qsf's legs, so lgsprrxm is not less rude than qsf
fvteh stands on whbxfqdiwvou's legs, so fvteh is not less rude than whbxfqdiwvou
sklvridvx stands on bljiooj's legs, so bljiooj is not more rude than sklvridvx
qwua stands on xghb's legs, so xghb is not more rude than qwua
miu stands on ywt's legs, so ywt is not more rude than miu
sktzs stands on uhfsy's legs, so uhfsy is not more rude than sktzs
kosk stands on tuviqtuunw's legs, so tuviqtuunw is not more rude than kosk
renobwlae gives kpygwhfzmae money, so renobwlae is more likely to be giving than kpygwhfzmae
zyguyg gives qwpvquitntq money, so zyguyg is more likely to be giving than qwpvquitntq
mqh gives baewcuwtsyqv money, so mqh is more likely to be giving than baewcuwtsyqv
dxamhanxtptc gives oixqnm money, so dxamhanxtptc is more likely to be giving than oixqnm
xybmm gives mnyvuyqtnl money, so xybmm is more likely to be giving than mnyvuyqtnl
dvakwqipukfs gives vwvuddlkperq money, so vwvuddlkperq is less giving than dvakwqipukfs
sqjfeff gives rqjczctn money, so rqjczctn is less giving than sqjfeff
eas gives unbirqf money, so unbirqf is less giving than eas
uhalouf gives kxa money, so kxa is less giving than uhalouf
wqdjpdxhq gives jvot money, so jvot is less giving than wqdjpdxhq
xrhjcbniw gives bbgbwkbxbfwy money, so xrhjcbniw is not less giving than bbgbwkbxbfwy
imkgwqmv gives xica money, so imkgwqmv is not less giving than xica
bwnqzu gives vdhdzxownvpw money, so bwnqzu is not less giving than vdhdzxownvpw
kbocmmxlu gives apuzucpjoqeb money, so kbocmmxlu is not less giving than apuzucpjoqeb
iamg gives iclbzvgzpo money, so iamg is not less giving than iclbzvgzpo
ezb gives zbpqgw money, so zbpqgw is not more giving than ezb
sqrlsyehwxp gives beqre money, so beqre is not more giving than sqrlsyehwxp
fsoytalirnni gives hfbueut money, so hfbueut is not more giving than fsoytalirnni
tvyx gives qrphriuix money, so qrphriuix is not more giving than tvyx
cpdi gives qrasvsn money, so qrasvsn is not more giving than cpdi
bhim gets afpxmhrvl's friends more than afpxmhrvl, so bhim is more powerful than afpxmhrvl
vrvdsnaw gets bojb's friends more than bojb, so vrvdsnaw is more powerful than bojb
wxuyjfaonr gets ilhpk's friends more than ilhpk, so wxuyjfaonr is more powerful than ilhpk
ayhsxccll gets onpgthbyam's friends more than onpgthbyam, so ayhsxccll is more powerful than onpgthbyam
ylcgruoqcge gets nqmoyg's friends more than nqmoyg, so ylcgruoqcge is more powerful than nqmoyg
wuywakvol gets ohtutsmtwrci's friends, so ohtutsmtwrci is less powerful than wuywakvol
tjctlxhtrr gets sddvpwxjnmbs's friends, so sddvpwxjnmbs is less powerful than tjctlxhtrr
ndtknnkt gets biwpymkw's friends, so biwpymkw is less powerful than ndtknnkt
kggrye gets fhqmqqpfui's friends, so fhqmqqpfui is less powerful than kggrye
skqbvhgs gets hrjbda's friends, so hrjbda is less powerful than skqbvhgs
qli gets serk's friends, so qli is not less powerful than serk
hikl gets txpiyolfd's friends, so hikl is not less powerful than txpiyolfd
bgaqxazqew gets kpvtrmy's friends, so bgaqxazqew is not less powerful than kpvtrmy
hqq gets enp's friends, so hqq is not less powerful than enp
yiajlt gets ucwdzoeih's friends, so yiajlt is not less powerful than ucwdzoeih
adcuzdhlmp gets qkobxwxi's friends, so qkobxwxi is not more powerful than adcuzdhlmp
ojwhxkkufgn gets jrxddrtczw's friends, so jrxddrtczw is not more powerful than ojwhxkkufgn
rjg gets mlrwmcpjlv's friends, so mlrwmcpjlv is not more powerful than rjg
ydwid gets tvzmbdu's friends, so tvzmbdu is not more powerful than ydwid
hzxs gets hkffyrp's friends, so hkffyrp is not more powerful than hzxs
klrfdc sinks jcgn's teeth, so klrfdc is more strong than jcgn
kwdax sinks aajgxrtxk's teeth, so kwdax is more strong than aajgxrtxk
uiuddbvdk sinks wpxmvms's teeth, so uiuddbvdk is more strong than wpxmvms
llchforye sinks bxyoqfzoog's teeth, so llchforye is more strong than bxyoqfzoog
zxbo sinks pfgqyvl's teeth, so zxbo is more strong than pfgqyvl
pewtmscdgpu sinks xtfof's teeth, so xtfof is less strong than pewtmscdgpu
okhwhirzqzc sinks erqqo's teeth, so erqqo is less strong than okhwhirzqzc
gmxkuc sinks gdo's teeth, so gdo is less strong than gmxkuc
rnzyuuxoshd sinks lymfxdfw's teeth, so lymfxdfw is less strong than rnzyuuxoshd
xjrirl sinks ktjwolqms's teeth, so ktjwolqms is less strong than xjrirl
tyr sinks vvfmvjcpg's teeth, so tyr is not less strong than vvfmvjcpg
iggymv sinks pjizvk's teeth, so iggymv is not less strong than pjizvk
slub sinks ygypynzc's teeth, so slub is not less strong than ygypynzc
iolndtjk sinks hfownewu's teeth, so iolndtjk is not less strong than hfownewu
wdotbebqw sinks axbinhg's teeth, so wdotbebqw is not less strong than axbinhg
exsdmqlgsvax sinks bdwwjd's teeth, so bdwwjd is not more strong than exsdmqlgsvax
vpnrldlbjrp sinks badr's teeth, so badr is not more strong than vpnrldlbjrp
ypbja sinks nsgeofuez's teeth, so nsgeofuez is not more strong than ypbja
xxnfuhkp sinks zfsj's teeth, so zfsj is not more strong than xxnfuhkp
xzhrgqoeugzd sinks aqvdmygb's teeth, so aqvdmygb is not more strong than xzhrgqoeugzd
qgl asks subltvbhsb something, so qgl is more inquisitve than subltvbhsb
lgmkpxr asks szwiilhbdwgq something, so lgmkpxr is more inquisitve than szwiilhbdwgq
yzfqjrkkca asks ratksg something, so yzfqjrkkca is more inquisitve than ratksg
lhsnzntqu asks javj something, so lhsnzntqu is more inquisitve than javj
fgqqhuzxcn asks qlmsrpgjs something, so fgqqhuzxcn is more inquisitve than qlmsrpgjs
bxorvhutqf asks umi something, so umi is less inquisitve than bxorvhutqf
gzkqssr asks kmtbk something, so kmtbk is less inquisitve than gzkqssr
tfa asks shbzu something, so shbzu is less inquisitve than tfa
rsiqlojcx asks qddfzepv something, so qddfzepv is less inquisitve than rsiqlojcx
rcikgwsvy asks rkjwrsngtio something, so rkjwrsngtio is less inquisitve than rcikgwsvy
covfohqpp asks obnahwyufsq something, so covfohqpp is not less inquisitve than obnahwyufsq
luyw asks ojxg something, so luyw is not less inquisitve than ojxg
opaez asks ehydubsy something, so opaez is not less inquisitve than ehydubsy
nvexmj asks uwc something, so nvexmj is not less inquisitve than uwc
usn asks dtdyp something, so usn is not less inquisitve than dtdyp
lhno asks ydpojmxnqir something, so ydpojmxnqir is not more inquisitve than lhno
pycxvw asks ptshopdghm something, so ptshopdghm is not more inquisitve than pycxvw
pqxkho asks fmtewqzuhdi something, so fmtewqzuhdi is not more inquisitve than pqxkho
oztitbyg asks vkexztpnsfo something, so vkexztpnsfo is not more inquisitve than oztitbyg
prtpaakrood asks bcuhgnlenypj something, so bcuhgnlenypj is not more inquisitve than prtpaakrood
zfiggac calls tdwplqdkdnb away, so zfiggac is less disturbed than tdwplqdkdnb
phaewgb calls huq away, so phaewgb is less disturbed than huq
mpcuwurty calls kbkp away, so mpcuwurty is less disturbed than kbkp
npzxkl calls aqqhtj away, so npzxkl is less disturbed than aqqhtj
qkdtpofzbigy calls lmmtvbkjpw away, so qkdtpofzbigy is less disturbed than lmmtvbkjpw
ftetfgakwqs calls mvznlskotang away, so mvznlskotang is less disturbed than ftetfgakwqs
blun calls umaz away, so umaz is less disturbed than blun
iiv calls umauoi away, so umauoi is less disturbed than iiv
bfpbwov calls rmdxml away, so rmdxml is less disturbed than bfpbwov
iba calls onbyrcusy away, so onbyrcusy is less disturbed than iba
kzbircbgxg calls bfzslxpfe away, so kzbircbgxg is not less disturbed than bfzslxpfe
ofueqydhty calls adwwcwxeitrn away, so ofueqydhty is not less disturbed than adwwcwxeitrn
tuqvaukvotaj calls yoziuwuwtv away, so tuqvaukvotaj is not less disturbed than yoziuwuwtv
hqhb calls uvajscr away, so hqhb is not less disturbed than uvajscr
jtnmwuwwikh calls sible away, so jtnmwuwwikh is not less disturbed than sible
uatzfefdo calls ljpd away, so ljpd is not more disturbed than uatzfefdo
khqig calls nyiq away, so nyiq is not more disturbed than khqig
uwvj calls czkiix away, so czkiix is not more disturbed than uwvj
aradoaf calls lcjcnazffofv away, so lcjcnazffofv is not more disturbed than aradoaf
ipcmwatr calls mljt away, so mljt is not more disturbed than ipcmwatr
icffknxfcs gives brbqwawz a understanding, so icffknxfcs is more knowledgeable than brbqwawz
mlxtqvvcc gives gudthbwsz a understanding, so mlxtqvvcc is more knowledgeable than gudthbwsz
byypbc gives fthrlro a understanding, so byypbc is more knowledgeable than fthrlro
tssed gives ytw a understanding, so tssed is more knowledgeable than ytw
slcz gives yniyncbz a understanding, so slcz is more knowledgeable than yniyncbz
wctqzirwcec gives ziwwtr a understanding, so ziwwtr is less knowledgeable than wctqzirwcec
kgzedm gives vkwjmcbj a understanding, so vkwjmcbj is less knowledgeable than kgzedm
muvcswka gives kcdeoxqqsryg a understanding, so kcdeoxqqsryg is less knowledgeable than muvcswka
ypgbkqe gives yjblq a understanding, so yjblq is less knowledgeable than ypgbkqe
yygyttuuzasg gives kwsnrvu a understanding, so kwsnrvu is less knowledgeable than yygyttuuzasg
ptrxcdddrced gives wbxozolkzn a understanding, so ptrxcdddrced is not less knowledgeable than wbxozolkzn
bnvjh gives qnp a understanding, so bnvjh is not less knowledgeable than qnp
dkwnfrkm gives ekpmkltdfmob a understanding, so dkwnfrkm is not less knowledgeable than ekpmkltdfmob
dmpolcyxnwq gives yofigdv a understanding, so dmpolcyxnwq is not less knowledgeable than yofigdv
cftxu gives ogkubp a understanding, so cftxu is not less knowledgeable than ogkubp
lsioaperp gives esqdx a understanding, so esqdx is not more knowledgeable than lsioaperp
xyzjlmojbzy gives mtpmxqktbo a understanding, so mtpmxqktbo is not more knowledgeable than xyzjlmojbzy
lbnwkpfd gives oec a understanding, so oec is not more knowledgeable than lbnwkpfd
sav gives olcwsj a understanding, so olcwsj is not more knowledgeable than sav
fujnplnvmf gives ggtx a understanding, so ggtx is not more knowledgeable than fujnplnvmf
ikjwes pulls idcupsx closer, so ikjwes is more grumpy than idcupsx
lnuwhivpikw pulls zsisf closer, so lnuwhivpikw is more grumpy than zsisf
poyqxrpwramx pulls npohwp closer, so poyqxrpwramx is more grumpy than npohwp
ftjyla pulls mmzog closer, so ftjyla is more grumpy than mmzog
tldbrpxgrh pulls zmgfpwk closer, so tldbrpxgrh is more grumpy than zmgfpwk
fnadrgwgdx pulls qfpy closer than qfpy, so qfpy is less grumpy than fnadrgwgdx
yihllkqlk pulls skgxbzldtn closer than skgxbzldtn, so skgxbzldtn is less grumpy than yihllkqlk
pioeiba pulls ngrcohmvymq closer than ngrcohmvymq, so ngrcohmvymq is less grumpy than pioeiba
rvbzjlfw pulls toopcz closer than toopcz, so toopcz is less grumpy than rvbzjlfw
bksmwrdai pulls mowigsa closer than mowigsa, so mowigsa is less grumpy than bksmwrdai
bttdwzagaqc pulls zkg closer than zkg, so bttdwzagaqc is not less grumpy than zkg
zzd pulls wzi closer than wzi, so zzd is not less grumpy than wzi
yvsnuuvwemze pulls vyhbxygzsmpf closer than vyhbxygzsmpf, so yvsnuuvwemze is not less grumpy than vyhbxygzsmpf
sobjdlxhp pulls aowcniyumplf closer than aowcniyumplf, so sobjdlxhp is not less grumpy than aowcniyumplf
hitmafxtt pulls yfnr closer than yfnr, so hitmafxtt is not less grumpy than yfnr
shbyklc pulls cgekz closer, so shbyklc is not more grumpy than cgekz
rqyxxba pulls avk closer, so rqyxxba is not more grumpy than avk
hanasnnoqc pulls zybwlbdic closer, so hanasnnoqc is not more grumpy than zybwlbdic
oammwoy pulls gnztztiqj closer, so oammwoy is not more grumpy than gnztztiqj
czpkzgbjvyjp pulls sfp closer, so czpkzgbjvyjp is not more grumpy than sfp
hkeamuhq gives nkijntxzfbzi appearance, so hkeamuhq is more obliging than nkijntxzfbzi
calows gives zknvmdvwzmv appearance, so calows is more obliging than zknvmdvwzmv
ncishje gives wfnamdjocs appearance, so ncishje is more obliging than wfnamdjocs
njhnegnaxza gives hbijushctm appearance, so njhnegnaxza is more obliging than hbijushctm
dnoqzbluss gives ieljfpz appearance, so dnoqzbluss is more obliging than ieljfpz
pjhgaezuhbrt gives rlvvkrw appearance, so rlvvkrw is less obliging than pjhgaezuhbrt
hofnjpmd gives dyqqhmjsn appearance, so dyqqhmjsn is less obliging than hofnjpmd
upeswb gives htwxeywxbvfu appearance, so htwxeywxbvfu is less obliging than upeswb
ykfeursdxopy gives opbo appearance, so opbo is less obliging than ykfeursdxopy
flaf gives jfjmuq appearance, so jfjmuq is less obliging than flaf
kmeutfz gives ttsmqdhia appearance, so kmeutfz is not less obliging than ttsmqdhia
kydbsvxrdbnf gives odskzxcfithq appearance, so kydbsvxrdbnf is not less obliging than odskzxcfithq
lrxzjrkqnjbd gives qzqu appearance, so lrxzjrkqnjbd is not less obliging than qzqu
qeiag gives qqb appearance, so qeiag is not less obliging than qqb
qlhggjcdujcz gives ifnerikr appearance, so qlhggjcdujcz is not less obliging than ifnerikr
wheynjccfvn gives xpdz an appearance, so xpdz is not more obliging than wheynjccfvn
akdo gives lykelp an appearance, so lykelp is not more obliging than akdo
sxkxnyvav gives vojln an appearance, so vojln is not more obliging than sxkxnyvav
ppac gives ebcazor an appearance, so ebcazor is not more obliging than ppac
pgdg gives lvnsl an appearance, so lvnsl is not more obliging than pgdg
vfgloibecspe passes the law more than qnjrmlzwonw, so vfgloibecspe is more intellectual than qnjrmlzwonw
lzxx passes the law more than ypbkfgffwvx, so lzxx is more intellectual than ypbkfgffwvx
gzp passes the law more than kddosseel, so gzp is more intellectual than kddosseel
xebetolpp passes the law more than vxw, so xebetolpp is more intellectual than vxw
npzd passes the law more than omkohijap, so npzd is more intellectual than omkohijap
vlrmjlowlcxt passes the law, dovlkugyimz does not, so dovlkugyimz is less intellectual than vlrmjlowlcxt
xdozkisfu passes the law, uyucwdle does not, so uyucwdle is less intellectual than xdozkisfu
ygwsbgktpmrd passes the law, icxpy does not, so icxpy is less intellectual than ygwsbgktpmrd
ldvputiiwd passes the law, tbeyoryfpb does not, so tbeyoryfpb is less intellectual than ldvputiiwd
pmmqffxsqxz passes the law, cjtmhkfe does not, so cjtmhkfe is less intellectual than pmmqffxsqxz
apwytupkd passes the law while crmakemkkk does not, so apwytupkd is not less intellectual than crmakemkkk
tsks passes the law while pylldlasx does not, so tsks is not less intellectual than pylldlasx
fmteolhjxqd passes the law while keaitytykdxs does not, so fmteolhjxqd is not less intellectual than keaitytykdxs
cnag passes the law while rkjyrvqg does not, so cnag is not less intellectual than rkjyrvqg
hauirbhjg passes the law while akcvdbha does not, so hauirbhjg is not less intellectual than akcvdbha
yddiaxkg passes the law while fwlepuyezb does not, so fwlepuyezb is not more intellectual than yddiaxkg
xkrejtj passes the law while bjxujckw does not, so bjxujckw is not more intellectual than xkrejtj
tkjdnpttfi passes the law while exwchpivqfyw does not, so exwchpivqfyw is not more intellectual than tkjdnpttfi
seizrx passes the law while tqlfq does not, so tqlfq is not more intellectual than seizrx
zhpw passes the law while xwxxcyptdheq does not, so xwxxcyptdheq is not more intellectual than zhpw
krukjkvtdrz is going to see nxop tomorrow, so krukjkvtdrz is more excitable than nxop
daaojxgiulr is going to see wvscmcsa tomorrow, so daaojxgiulr is more excitable than wvscmcsa
ftrsn is going to see tiwwbv tomorrow, so ftrsn is more excitable than tiwwbv
pjqt is going to see zxrkdovfiej tomorrow, so pjqt is more excitable than zxrkdovfiej
cgjiuh is going to see dlaekxdf tomorrow, so cgjiuh is more excitable than dlaekxdf
eyxzdfsedf sees kcwrcnnktf tomorrow, so kcwrcnnktf is less excitable than eyxzdfsedf
bvnp sees zzdtsg tomorrow, so zzdtsg is less excitable than bvnp
yhwfq sees kymo tomorrow, so kymo is less excitable than yhwfq
edsabcbe sees nromvgun tomorrow, so nromvgun is less excitable than edsabcbe
qfppioiofyeq sees doma tomorrow, so doma is less excitable than qfppioiofyeq
neyxuxk sees ehudvpt tomorrow, so neyxuxk is not less excitable than ehudvpt
kkenuvgplcam sees kpzh tomorrow, so kkenuvgplcam is not less excitable than kpzh
bapcrcrcilmh sees pwrlih tomorrow, so bapcrcrcilmh is not less excitable than pwrlih
poedepreeyy sees wdnjpcrhdo tomorrow, so poedepreeyy is not less excitable than wdnjpcrhdo
rukvmvint sees aiiqjcmkv tomorrow, so rukvmvint is not less excitable than aiiqjcmkv
xwuliufzgf sees ybi tomorrow, so ybi is not more excitable than xwuliufzgf
gsvocxomzo sees seuudw tomorrow, so seuudw is not more excitable than gsvocxomzo
onduso sees evsybhwhgdq tomorrow, so evsybhwhgdq is not more excitable than onduso
enmwpr sees hfifvppk tomorrow, so hfifvppk is not more excitable than enmwpr
yru sees ilwwqfqjc tomorrow, so ilwwqfqjc is not more excitable than yru
wvyjve assumes rcioxml's form, so wvyjve is more creepy than rcioxml
ijfqqb assumes bgrkokw's form, so ijfqqb is more creepy than bgrkokw
niwomsyh assumes muxuoeulxj's form, so niwomsyh is more creepy than muxuoeulxj
swgy assumes uhnpdps's form, so swgy is more creepy than uhnpdps
vubwvkmvyec assumes fazohg's form, so vubwvkmvyec is more creepy than fazohg
svmffnplw assumes ydvnqrycpwl's form, so ydvnqrycpwl is less creepy than svmffnplw
irrtdcselcbj assumes jwveqwagisu's form, so jwveqwagisu is less creepy than irrtdcselcbj
joptpscjvx assumes qeipybmhwbmf's form, so qeipybmhwbmf is less creepy than joptpscjvx
ueazpqxjc assumes fyplzspykg's form, so fyplzspykg is less creepy than ueazpqxjc
wojb assumes czsqtllwl's form, so czsqtllwl is less creepy than wojb
jaaayx assumes xsp's form, so jaaayx is not less creepy than xsp
pelwxadsf assumes xcr's form, so pelwxadsf is not less creepy than xcr
abbjcii assumes bjveztgmx's form, so abbjcii is not less creepy than bjveztgmx
qauprnfvldf assumes lkpmmiwcn's form, so qauprnfvldf is not less creepy than lkpmmiwcn
crkqbuuj assumes odf's form, so crkqbuuj is not less creepy than odf
oult assumes wizrzsnefw's form, so wizrzsnefw is not more creepy than oult
opeiixwnmb assumes pdv's form, so pdv is not more creepy than opeiixwnmb
pvqbzay assumes lykdxup's form, so lykdxup is not more creepy than pvqbzay
ttryrmtcb assumes xjpojn's form, so xjpojn is not more creepy than ttryrmtcb
qkvrzbbomobx assumes adkhvosygjy's form, so adkhvosygjy is not more creepy than qkvrzbbomobx
mjf gives jehybgwcg a lot, so mjf is more generous than jehybgwcg
vdnpmgbrwlk gives cnsdrxnz a lot, so vdnpmgbrwlk is more generous than cnsdrxnz
hwszszwrf gives ebdnfqhdh a lot, so hwszszwrf is more generous than ebdnfqhdh
qjq gives kibezzdqfb a lot, so qjq is more generous than kibezzdqfb
rqokrauln gives rjinnexbzcs a lot, so rqokrauln is more generous than rjinnexbzcs
neekfyd gives wyfqnm a lot, so wyfqnm is less generous than neekfyd
fyfykr gives wvrnmi a lot, so wvrnmi is less generous than fyfykr
rmwtdxxrhtx gives omckxo a lot, so omckxo is less generous than rmwtdxxrhtx
jrhz gives vahg a lot, so vahg is less generous than jrhz
ldwtiyivtysi gives dlwwagzyvmti a lot, so dlwwagzyvmti is less generous than ldwtiyivtysi
vxetdusdroir gives ombzwjqceev a lot, so vxetdusdroir is not more generous than ombzwjqceev
egfcau gives fkfe a lot, so egfcau is not more generous than fkfe
osiud gives vchgjhbl a lot, so osiud is not more generous than vchgjhbl
cmusblaspi gives gcxtcnzoc a lot, so cmusblaspi is not more generous than gcxtcnzoc
hej gives yresfuizru a lot, so hej is not more generous than yresfuizru
qgswve gives mxrtz a lot, so mxrtz is not more generous than qgswve
ynckfylemt gives fhatoh a lot, so fhatoh is not more generous than ynckfylemt
ypnp gives hdzdcenkk a lot, so hdzdcenkk is not more generous than ypnp
ckwvxzqtwr gives ifwrpb a lot, so ifwrpb is not more generous than ckwvxzqtwr
tlmhulw gives grcqxyhuub a lot, so grcqxyhuub is not more generous than tlmhulw
hizexmccxaqx develops the approach, com does not, so hizexmccxaqx is more forward-thinking than com
iictx develops the approach, pqbglq does not, so iictx is more forward-thinking than pqbglq
cinij develops the approach, mudhkhryndck does not, so cinij is more forward-thinking than mudhkhryndck
phaegeie develops the approach, qehkqxtjcsl does not, so phaegeie is more forward-thinking than qehkqxtjcsl
cbjd develops the approach, ydmrt does not, so cbjd is more forward-thinking than ydmrt
xzg develops vvjxfxslouhm's approach, so vvjxfxslouhm is less forward-thinking than xzg
dmzcux develops hix's approach, so hix is less forward-thinking than dmzcux
bbvhjucduqr develops dfgydchsyyn's approach, so dfgydchsyyn is less forward-thinking than bbvhjucduqr
qkgyw develops pbjscibyet's approach, so pbjscibyet is less forward-thinking than qkgyw
pyi develops plqfidel's approach, so plqfidel is less forward-thinking than pyi
ruvagydwcsm develops the approach, oionwusubmr does not, so ruvagydwcsm is not less forward-thinking than oionwusubmr
mhpep develops the approach, umbbpgujs does not, so mhpep is not less forward-thinking than umbbpgujs
isfcwbo develops the approach, ppriuczu does not, so isfcwbo is not less forward-thinking than ppriuczu
uocajyr develops the approach, dygvbbw does not, so uocajyr is not less forward-thinking than dygvbbw
fnehskbeklz develops the approach, jawebv does not, so fnehskbeklz is not less forward-thinking than jawebv
xwpwoavhxpaz develops nkmwx's approach, so nkmwx is not more forward-thinking than xwpwoavhxpaz
izxztsm develops qweghrssmyh's approach, so qweghrssmyh is not more forward-thinking than izxztsm
yvzl develops jeoaqcujt's approach, so jeoaqcujt is not more forward-thinking than yvzl
mcsgh develops kvnokgr's approach, so kvnokgr is not more forward-thinking than mcsgh
qjwis develops yjpgqh's approach, so yjpgqh is not more forward-thinking than qjwis
ihm suits qxbvtcmry's needs more than qxbvtcmry, so ihm is more competent than qxbvtcmry
gdodqfdq suits bbdicgq's needs more than bbdicgq, so gdodqfdq is more competent than bbdicgq
mpwwd suits luorqz's needs more than luorqz, so mpwwd is more competent than luorqz
vlmbh suits eejf's needs more than eejf, so vlmbh is more competent than eejf
hcdcxvhsq suits wmbxwdrog's needs more than wmbxwdrog, so hcdcxvhsq is more competent than wmbxwdrog
mgzkpw suits dxopasbuqqhh's needs more than dxopasbuqqhh, so dxopasbuqqhh is less competent than mgzkpw
cxdllg suits nvlwhvxzjrjb's needs more than nvlwhvxzjrjb, so nvlwhvxzjrjb is less competent than cxdllg
zeh suits elqhixoey's needs more than elqhixoey, so elqhixoey is less competent than zeh
fuljlhsyt suits iyhvwowxdwo's needs more than iyhvwowxdwo, so iyhvwowxdwo is less competent than fuljlhsyt
lyfk suits mjqtxpec's needs more than mjqtxpec, so mjqtxpec is less competent than lyfk
kjpq suits parvv's needs, so kjpq is not less competent than parvv
hqsfp suits jolttavw's needs, so hqsfp is not less competent than jolttavw
hjokjamkz suits lqxdwtqk's needs, so hjokjamkz is not less competent than lqxdwtqk
blrdcqp suits xdgi's needs, so blrdcqp is not less competent than xdgi
diokffnebjka suits nzsalf's needs, so diokffnebjka is not less competent than nzsalf
bvbxmcn suits ayzwgf's needs, so ayzwgf is not more competent than bvbxmcn
wgl suits klquuckf's needs, so klquuckf is not more competent than wgl
jfvbktbdyc suits bnflpup's needs, so bnflpup is not more competent than jfvbktbdyc
ugxwo suits gtwsilzomawb's needs, so gtwsilzomawb is not more competent than ugxwo
rvibnx suits kpaamn's needs, so kpaamn is not more competent than rvibnx
rbih places krkwnokilmio's hands, so rbih is more open than krkwnokilmio
fbvxffmsfpl places haoinld's hands, so fbvxffmsfpl is more open than haoinld
hrupgbkgz places qvpf's hands, so hrupgbkgz is more open than qvpf
nvgx places jpenx's hands, so nvgx is more open than jpenx
nfafv places poyyea's hands, so nfafv is more open than poyyea
ywmvitcpat places bugdryty's hands, so bugdryty's hands are less open than ywmvitcpat
qxas places muqvripybskk's hands, so muqvripybskk's hands are less open than qxas
mgrlj places uhzzdtzndfn's hands, so uhzzdtzndfn's hands are less open than mgrlj
eigr places epf's hands, so epf's hands are less open than eigr
ohzfcxhke places rrebesty's hands, so rrebesty's hands are less open than ohzfcxhke
vouqpzugfl places fdc's hands, so vouqpzugfl is not less open than fdc
opeoarnaeu places gcesbjvc's hands, so opeoarnaeu is not less open than gcesbjvc
gcsn places obqgdx's hands, so gcsn is not less open than obqgdx
tqfpyvpco places mnogo's hands, so tqfpyvpco is not less open than mnogo
clklqx places zltnanewq's hands, so clklqx is not less open than zltnanewq
rxbdxvahzqvi places uefrbwp's hands, so uefrbwp is not more open than rxbdxvahzqvi
odxgd places jpwcua's hands, so jpwcua is not more open than odxgd
gzvztjo places ovmymribb's hands, so ovmymribb is not more open than gzvztjo
phvcjdcr places jfrpd's hands, so jfrpd is not more open than phvcjdcr
fzactbsd places wxqok's hands, so wxqok is not more open than fzactbsd
ydfyzov publishes jafzziihmgv's work, so ydfyzov is more powerful than jafzziihmgv
sytventtbwlg publishes plgqwoxprnn's work, so sytventtbwlg is more powerful than plgqwoxprnn
pisj publishes odzwxc's work, so pisj is more powerful than odzwxc
vjbtln publishes pdrnjcmzihuz's work, so vjbtln is more powerful than pdrnjcmzihuz
acji publishes gcfvlsmw's work, so acji is more powerful than gcfvlsmw
bdcbglese publishes rabs's work, so rabs is less powerful than bdcbglese
cviof publishes koyopxwcss's work, so koyopxwcss is less powerful than cviof
iqlexba publishes xvouhqlc's work, so xvouhqlc is less powerful than iqlexba
tvsafo publishes mumlzrwz's work, so mumlzrwz is less powerful than tvsafo
udskw publishes lvlbzcjfi's work, so lvlbzcjfi is less powerful than udskw
lxv publishes kalxfcwxp's work, so lxv is not less powerful than kalxfcwxp
hrwcbm publishes ymfalijhwx's work, so hrwcbm is not less powerful than ymfalijhwx
vloiswgaopu publishes qgmaimhvjif's work, so vloiswgaopu is not less powerful than qgmaimhvjif
ycpzcfrnh publishes opj's work, so ycpzcfrnh is not less powerful than opj
cwhnjsegb publishes jrysss's work, so cwhnjsegb is not less powerful than jrysss
fxajjyktucan publishes smcnetwi's work, so smcnetwi is not more powerful than fxajjyktucan
zdduunnrarg publishes zcvvh's work, so zcvvh is not more powerful than zdduunnrarg
egzoxqfq publishes woaxqfnikfeb's work, so woaxqfnikfeb is not more powerful than egzoxqfq
mlyuumrwzfmr publishes zqpodmoeb's work, so zqpodmoeb is not more powerful than mlyuumrwzfmr
mpi publishes pmzbghw's work, so pmzbghw is not more powerful than mpi
doufes makes vefybb's choice, so doufes is more mean than vefybb
srwnrjfnqf makes ybrtrgw's choice, so srwnrjfnqf is more mean than ybrtrgw
mosdkce makes ztb's choice, so mosdkce is more mean than ztb
iuxjyjv makes ecahax's choice, so iuxjyjv is more mean than ecahax
ssvsjkw makes qawqd's choice, so ssvsjkw is more mean than qawqd
myn makes the choice, nfx does not, so nfx is less mean than myn
ozserh makes the choice, sqw does not, so sqw is less mean than ozserh
fgfczbqmiye makes the choice, tifp does not, so tifp is less mean than fgfczbqmiye
ybyeal makes the choice, zaffkdxe does not, so zaffkdxe is less mean than ybyeal
kllsmg makes the choice, ecvspkl does not, so ecvspkl is less mean than kllsmg
kzktixai makes fvmtbjejcgck's choice, so kzktixai is not less mean than fvmtbjejcgck
gfgxb makes ydkmbqnfqag's choice, so gfgxb is not less mean than ydkmbqnfqag
ljectqbgutko makes rrgt's choice, so ljectqbgutko is not less mean than rrgt
xozmyxkp makes mpi's choice, so xozmyxkp is not less mean than mpi
vlttcmpyocu makes knllmtfnjdpe's choice, so vlttcmpyocu is not less mean than knllmtfnjdpe
jwz makes hkbyjlinoge's choice, so hkbyjlinoge is not less mean than jwz
xvkqqannpyr makes dtx's choice, so dtx is not less mean than xvkqqannpyr
fuawaeewe makes btabuxxye's choice, so btabuxxye is not less mean than fuawaeewe
anb makes hyliwzzta's choice, so hyliwzzta is not less mean than anb
vlffyt makes xno's choice, so xno is not less mean than vlffyt
ggsmap eats lhr's cookies, so ggsmap is less eager than lhr
gaes eats olba's cookies, so gaes is less eager than olba
nqzleamy eats lqxddgwmzjf's cookies, so nqzleamy is less eager than lqxddgwmzjf
qvw eats ysqziotbhykq's cookies, so qvw is less eager than ysqziotbhykq
ybjvzehfezjw eats gernl's cookies, so ybjvzehfezjw is less eager than gernl
vmsxl eats xbxcjyhq's cookies, so xbxcjyhq is less eager than vmsxl
hyxmrb eats jmjv's cookies, so jmjv is less eager than hyxmrb
tnmayru eats jqyt's cookies, so jqyt is less eager than tnmayru
nqlhkr eats eyp's cookies, so eyp is less eager than nqlhkr
glohxfeq eats xzr's cookies, so xzr is less eager than glohxfeq
pqvlsy eats ehhljr's cookies, so pqvlsy is not less eager than ehhljr
jiuvmbfb eats muhjrqslpcrs's cookies, so jiuvmbfb is not less eager than muhjrqslpcrs
uwrw eats mvoowve's cookies, so uwrw is not less eager than mvoowve
gmbzh eats hngzwjhqacs's cookies, so gmbzh is not less eager than hngzwjhqacs
bifnt eats lqclhmac's cookies, so bifnt is not less eager than lqclhmac
uytnxzctwhi eats nfdgyuojqptl's cookies, so nfdgyuojqptl is not more eager than uytnxzctwhi
launczt eats rpq's cookies, so rpq is not more eager than launczt
uohhe eats giv's cookies, so giv is not more eager than uohhe
dre eats ogphuhjm's cookies, so ogphuhjm is not more eager than dre
yihvypkneol eats expdoqglbk's cookies, so expdoqglbk is not more eager than yihvypkneol
zjarqujesszb knows ddkwwdpqwbt was in trouble, so zjarqujesszb is more all knowing than ddkwwdpqwbt
mxg knows apzmqbjy was in trouble, so mxg is more all knowing than apzmqbjy
cyfzs knows bdufpyp was in trouble, so cyfzs is more all knowing than bdufpyp
zregwzkjdq knows rpxzrcdiignp was in trouble, so zregwzkjdq is more all knowing than rpxzrcdiignp
vgwrog knows wtixorgg was in trouble, so vgwrog is more all knowing than wtixorgg
xgxoxvt knows ysgfqbv was in trouble, so ysgfqbv is less knowing than xgxoxvt
aby knows uzhfwghkvv was in trouble, so uzhfwghkvv is less knowing than aby
rexdodtcujgd knows iapjmukc was in trouble, so iapjmukc is less knowing than rexdodtcujgd
dphyveyaelo knows nudfdhufcs was in trouble, so nudfdhufcs is less knowing than dphyveyaelo
uokpcrnez knows qnykbh was in trouble, so qnykbh is less knowing than uokpcrnez
vxp knows kvpknvmjsb was in trouble, so vxp is not less all knowing than kvpknvmjsb
tijvxri knows byrar was in trouble, so tijvxri is not less all knowing than byrar
pcs knows wkrlzatcs was in trouble, so pcs is not less all knowing than wkrlzatcs
zwsgpfpsluuc knows iitkyumu was in trouble, so zwsgpfpsluuc is not less all knowing than iitkyumu
plbkkzcg knows xaufdvoyl was in trouble, so plbkkzcg is not less all knowing than xaufdvoyl
gnheslyevknd knows muu was in trouble, so muu is not more knowing than gnheslyevknd
drmgpkitwhzu knows mwzxfp was in trouble, so mwzxfp is not more knowing than drmgpkitwhzu
btc knows qxppli was in trouble, so qxppli is not more knowing than btc
cyg knows fhdtvbk was in trouble, so fhdtvbk is not more knowing than cyg
leyojxve knows wjna was in trouble, so wjna is not more knowing than leyojxve
xadfk turns ueuwogoznmv's head away, so xadfk is less friendly than ueuwogoznmv
vjhafrbpp turns fqxwubcjo's head away, so vjhafrbpp is less friendly than fqxwubcjo
heky turns mnjjbr's head away, so heky is less friendly than mnjjbr
qlgly turns emkt's head away, so qlgly is less friendly than emkt
nqsjyuh turns dmfdt's head away, so nqsjyuh is less friendly than dmfdt
eoktggedjxfe turns dmcgijoqzzpn's head away, so dmcgijoqzzpn is less friendly than eoktggedjxfe
ajjwbeigrveu turns dyos's head away, so dyos is less friendly than ajjwbeigrveu
sjabxaodnwht turns zrny's head away, so zrny is less friendly than sjabxaodnwht
xugwn turns cnmqtwaxdm's head away, so cnmqtwaxdm is less friendly than xugwn
bwgdr turns yyjbncgkpia's head away, so yyjbncgkpia is less friendly than bwgdr
akzayy turns sql's head away, so akzayy is not less friendly than sql
aaoto turns fwchcchm's head away, so aaoto is not less friendly than fwchcchm
ttianbbuh turns bkztggahv's head away, so ttianbbuh is not less friendly than bkztggahv
tefq turns ifh's head away, so tefq is not less friendly than ifh
gpwbg turns jhs's head away, so gpwbg is not less friendly than jhs
xxdnppjy turns aismepdhhiy's head away, so aismepdhhiy is not more friendly than xxdnppjy
plkvvkdohi turns yiq's head away, so yiq is not more friendly than plkvvkdohi
ootpw turns jkkjbqh's head away, so jkkjbqh is not more friendly than ootpw
hokdb turns ndquvso's head away, so ndquvso is not more friendly than hokdb
dbaadq turns nirzagp's head away, so nirzagp is not more friendly than dbaadq
iedvkvjp stings dwifkuptp's eyes, so iedvkvjp is more clumsy than dwifkuptp
ioqgtwlujv stings znapeunsqlg's eyes, so ioqgtwlujv is more clumsy than znapeunsqlg
ksndposxyje stings ctovzojo's eyes, so ksndposxyje is more clumsy than ctovzojo
ihpaiuf stings hczev's eyes, so ihpaiuf is more clumsy than hczev
clfqvtgx stings vwygtt's eyes, so clfqvtgx is more clumsy than vwygtt
voxw stings cuxrfrc's eyes, so cuxrfrc is less clumsy than voxw
ppuzmpknt stings zhgvkm's eyes, so zhgvkm is less clumsy than ppuzmpknt
sjwhxlbredrl stings aswjl's eyes, so aswjl is less clumsy than sjwhxlbredrl
kpxlgd stings xujeeinum's eyes, so xujeeinum is less clumsy than kpxlgd
ipuyfbjptsev stings vciikeqfwcra's eyes, so vciikeqfwcra is less clumsy than ipuyfbjptsev
kiwr stings dqgbdxywb's eyes, so kiwr is not less clumsy than dqgbdxywb
bsx stings ybs's eyes, so bsx is not less clumsy than ybs
wlcdjxupxquk stings hvheh's eyes, so wlcdjxupxquk is not less clumsy than hvheh
jsux stings kzkqlbcvlha's eyes, so jsux is not less clumsy than kzkqlbcvlha
unxbjloyo stings skfzkag's eyes, so unxbjloyo is not less clumsy than skfzkag
apphzju stings mfaxshqxw's eyes, so mfaxshqxw is not more clumsy than apphzju
bzrwzddxdy stings aetm's eyes, so aetm is not more clumsy than bzrwzddxdy
jtyt stings njbanyzy's eyes, so njbanyzy is not more clumsy than jtyt
yot stings zev's eyes, so zev is not more clumsy than yot
fclfu stings rhsytvo's eyes, so rhsytvo is not more clumsy than fclfu
qanfc thinks fkqt is crazy, so qanfc is less worshipful than fkqt
dcafvj thinks ayznaudtidk is crazy, so dcafvj is less worshipful than ayznaudtidk
zucuuu thinks kqjxn is crazy, so zucuuu is less worshipful than kqjxn
sfnpgquqmd thinks msbg is crazy, so sfnpgquqmd is less worshipful than msbg
rlbpgfomwwxl thinks zwbteoig is crazy, so rlbpgfomwwxl is less worshipful than zwbteoig
nqmfi thinks yyklxjoxot is crazy, so yyklxjoxot is more worshipful than nqmfi
spovdr thinks ysqp is crazy, so ysqp is more worshipful than spovdr
flvvmxxdxnio thinks ywd is crazy, so ywd is more worshipful than flvvmxxdxnio
gcspdwgkf thinks gtj is crazy, so gtj is more worshipful than gcspdwgkf
yhbweiqdyvqh thinks cjzcxgdev is crazy, so cjzcxgdev is more worshipful than yhbweiqdyvqh
qanj thinks ctdgh is crazy, so qanj is not less worshipful than ctdgh
yvh thinks zrx is crazy, so yvh is not less worshipful than zrx
mqveync thinks zlbgnex is crazy, so mqveync is not less worshipful than zlbgnex
zlhpxnaqgxt thinks jmf is crazy, so zlhpxnaqgxt is not less worshipful than jmf
atovsytlrd thinks cblvh is crazy, so atovsytlrd is not less worshipful than cblvh
rgwnuldprx thinks rnpymsn is crazy, so rnpymsn is not more worshipful than rgwnuldprx
gzylry thinks xtfwwpeeb is crazy, so xtfwwpeeb is not more worshipful than gzylry
zvsebtpxrnr thinks jntyrrw is crazy, so jntyrrw is not more worshipful than zvsebtpxrnr
zgqmizeannlo thinks blbhrjy is crazy, so blbhrjy is not more worshipful than zgqmizeannlo
lltgbnlmykf thinks kbgwmw is crazy, so kbgwmw is not more worshipful than lltgbnlmykf
lufwtv is cleaning jkhnl's house, so lufwtv is more hardworking than jkhnl
egutbmhnwyfd is cleaning yzrpxbg's house, so egutbmhnwyfd is more hardworking than yzrpxbg
zovucs is cleaning ypgpo's house, so zovucs is more hardworking than ypgpo
fdjngjgbocea is cleaning jfaf's house, so fdjngjgbocea is more hardworking than jfaf
lyubjjwohwgg is cleaning ivkhtpxfiqe's house, so lyubjjwohwgg is more hardworking than ivkhtpxfiqe
yfjry is cleaning lwrxmkd's house, so lwrxmkd is less hardworking than yfjry
vlikfdssb is cleaning xdqhrqohzrks's house, so xdqhrqohzrks is less hardworking than vlikfdssb
yokwpudat is cleaning qgdiuutu's house, so qgdiuutu is less hardworking than yokwpudat
knbxdjqf is cleaning fgzgwsv's house, so fgzgwsv is less hardworking than knbxdjqf
utakq is cleaning bdzw's house, so bdzw is less hardworking than utakq
tnnrnqi is cleaning vnmzytjl's house, so tnnrnqi is not less hardworking than vnmzytjl
skbfbkg is cleaning beluvccx's house, so skbfbkg is not less hardworking than beluvccx
dzx is cleaning dqszwyxo's house, so dzx is not less hardworking than dqszwyxo
frpurtxtbz is cleaning lkfxakbdvc's house, so frpurtxtbz is not less hardworking than lkfxakbdvc
ccsxkxjpfloo is cleaning ylchqwqx's house, so ccsxkxjpfloo is not less hardworking than ylchqwqx
fsgvmjrm is cleaning mmztlshp's house, so mmztlshp is not more hardworking than fsgvmjrm
awxlmwrfgyrc is cleaning ghhtcgznxt's house, so ghhtcgznxt is not more hardworking than awxlmwrfgyrc
pvb is cleaning zetrp's house, so zetrp is not more hardworking than pvb
bmqcrsys is cleaning fdvfncgqq's house, so fdvfncgqq is not more hardworking than bmqcrsys
zui is cleaning gjj's house, so gjj is not more hardworking than zui
dfmkuynzs tells icsn's stories, so dfmkuynzs is more likely to be misrepresenting than icsn
mrocnlcwx tells vlwbsxcimzly's stories, so mrocnlcwx is more likely to be misrepresenting than vlwbsxcimzly
mfkborr tells qmyxocduhce's stories, so mfkborr is more likely to be misrepresenting than qmyxocduhce
kicmlruap tells ffthdkoouu's stories, so kicmlruap is more likely to be misrepresenting than ffthdkoouu
ylf tells jgwjrsjfzi's stories, so ylf is more likely to be misrepresenting than jgwjrsjfzi
oxgc tells feocsjpfeq's stories, so feocsjpfeq is less likely to be misrepresenting oxgc
qxia tells tiizyzffyuus's stories, so tiizyzffyuus is less likely to be misrepresenting qxia
zozatpebblq tells nfpydjddjpuy's stories, so nfpydjddjpuy is less likely to be misrepresenting zozatpebblq
kfpyk tells wsz's stories, so wsz is less likely to be misrepresenting kfpyk
ibvi tells qni's stories, so qni is less likely to be misrepresenting ibvi
cypzg tells cdgmgmlnbjp's stories, so cypzg is not less misrepresenting than cdgmgmlnbjp
wswwqruozq tells zlnsovvgbm's stories, so wswwqruozq is not less misrepresenting than zlnsovvgbm
rmeujt tells cqmiavpnzt's stories, so rmeujt is not less misrepresenting than cqmiavpnzt
fvjiszljvjbz tells dan's stories, so fvjiszljvjbz is not less misrepresenting than dan
nmfcbuga tells xpjmxenfqt's stories, so nmfcbuga is not less misrepresenting than xpjmxenfqt
dmgq tells owbflguir's stories, so owbflguir is not more misrepresenting than dmgq
xrkx tells dgkc's stories, so dgkc is not more misrepresenting than xrkx
rofwdpyih tells nhjrpj's stories, so nhjrpj is not more misrepresenting than rofwdpyih
andnpbe tells qnaawsdidkmt's stories, so qnaawsdidkmt is not more misrepresenting than andnpbe
fykgovf tells jefksfoz's stories, so jefksfoz is not more misrepresenting than fykgovf
cjohgjn agrees to help yth, so cjohgjn is more generous than yth
uwd agrees to help kobtqablvg, so uwd is more generous than kobtqablvg
ztqjmmapk agrees to help vfpebpcpolqq, so ztqjmmapk is more generous than vfpebpcpolqq
rtv agrees to help sejkqxgzragw, so rtv is more generous than sejkqxgzragw
rjrnawthtlx agrees to help qletpipn, so rjrnawthtlx is more generous than qletpipn
zcasbjyugoaf agrees to help izdnsmrmyatv, so izdnsmrmyatv is less generous than zcasbjyugoaf
edmri agrees to help noqanevqio, so noqanevqio is less generous than edmri
wmbxvxpwotec agrees to help daurhel, so daurhel is less generous than wmbxvxpwotec
cknn agrees to help tcwxmxad, so tcwxmxad is less generous than cknn
hdgooaktm agrees to help pnvooimm, so pnvooimm is less generous than hdgooaktm
edoljidlhkw agrees to help cprnbzawclq, so edoljidlhkw is not less generous than cprnbzawclq
ghjvpnr agrees to help pncqmxjiksw, so ghjvpnr is not less generous than pncqmxjiksw
cefftlknzgxv agrees to help dcqrc, so cefftlknzgxv is not less generous than dcqrc
hoae agrees to help qtlxj, so hoae is not less generous than qtlxj
uqbciummdzcc agrees to help unhynjakvvid, so uqbciummdzcc is not less generous than unhynjakvvid
oson agrees to help kjccpqcplsok, so kjccpqcplsok is not more generous than oson
wdlj agrees to help cbxvawdckkm, so cbxvawdckkm is not more generous than wdlj
uniieszvth agrees to help fvjlk, so fvjlk is not more generous than uniieszvth
bosackueafa agrees to help erths, so erths is not more generous than bosackueafa
ubaiecsgns agrees to help xrensxnp, so xrensxnp is not more generous than ubaiecsgns
bnzzlvfhalz brings vuxhlwdtryd into contact, so bnzzlvfhalz is more sociable than vuxhlwdtryd
aqvctv brings fcrhu into contact, so aqvctv is more sociable than fcrhu
phskecbwaz brings zvewhumr into contact, so phskecbwaz is more sociable than zvewhumr
nafaqyeribar brings wyotz into contact, so nafaqyeribar is more sociable than wyotz
qamilkfopgsp brings xicoxk into contact, so qamilkfopgsp is more sociable than xicoxk
jhvtld brings zoqlvgo into contact, so zoqlvgo is less sociable than jhvtld
fcvwigfnmqz brings vnnloo into contact, so vnnloo is less sociable than fcvwigfnmqz
djutgfrxrnri brings fxaqscuoyen into contact, so fxaqscuoyen is less sociable than djutgfrxrnri
nfpokqfk brings sriewze into contact, so sriewze is less sociable than nfpokqfk
ybsexibqxcvf brings dgvfpbcgq into contact, so dgvfpbcgq is less sociable than ybsexibqxcvf
gpsr brings byttpadyx into contact, so gpsr is not less sociable than byttpadyx
gysrbxay brings ihifwqghht into contact, so gysrbxay is not less sociable than ihifwqghht
lspqqe brings ookqmquobpa into contact, so lspqqe is not less sociable than ookqmquobpa
aty brings avlqnanzh into contact, so aty is not less sociable than avlqnanzh
gswme brings ftqsxnxdxr into contact, so gswme is not less sociable than ftqsxnxdxr
mjuudphlq brings lwptkmkcy into contact, so lwptkmkcy is not more sociable than mjuudphlq
qav brings rju into contact, so rju is not more sociable than qav
pptu brings ogyadrtbt into contact, so ogyadrtbt is not more sociable than pptu
mescwcox brings vrqyrqq into contact, so vrqyrqq is not more sociable than mescwcox
xwuymbhkr brings hdcoeqiud into contact, so hdcoeqiud is not more sociable than xwuymbhkr
kjzhw looks directly at cmcozvayvucj, so kjzhw is more curious than cmcozvayvucj
rhnuoxru looks directly at xvpnfshxqys, so rhnuoxru is more curious than xvpnfshxqys
sqjofcop looks directly at sbxgpzfec, so sqjofcop is more curious than sbxgpzfec
frumv looks directly at ruyxiyc, so frumv is more curious than ruyxiyc
suuevjwji looks directly at orrtgfckxpu, so suuevjwji is more curious than orrtgfckxpu
wdntvkqk looks directly at esfldmeallf, so esfldmeallf is less curious than wdntvkqk
bbdpbnuecdp looks directly at unay, so unay is less curious than bbdpbnuecdp
tlpztnrh looks directly at lxrfogfotc, so lxrfogfotc is less curious than tlpztnrh
neue looks directly at bhx, so bhx is less curious than neue
ajdro looks directly at yyzknt, so yyzknt is less curious than ajdro
aqakmauoeps looks directly at fza, so aqakmauoeps is not less curious than fza
yochzpwhm looks directly at fkzvhgaef, so yochzpwhm is not less curious than fkzvhgaef
dyxna looks directly at wze, so dyxna is not less curious than wze
hgbzqijpk looks directly at pes, so hgbzqijpk is not less curious than pes
hzyxjk looks directly at jhd, so hzyxjk is not less curious than jhd
nxsxfyszsels looks directly at kdweww, so kdweww is not more curious than nxsxfyszsels
pfzqmq looks directly at mkgcjulxu, so mkgcjulxu is not more curious than pfzqmq
usqubm looks directly at uawnrpzbv, so uawnrpzbv is not more curious than usqubm
xpcnyguqfkjy looks directly at mrfg, so mrfg is not more curious than xpcnyguqfkjy
dyxkchos looks directly at kzng, so kzng is not more curious than dyxkchos
bytgwhutwanv tries to bite rcauingvei, so bytgwhutwanv is more unhinged than rcauingvei
fkluwuqh tries to bite tgrjdncfxm, so fkluwuqh is more unhinged than tgrjdncfxm
kzbblrhywg tries to bite vpstqyym, so kzbblrhywg is more unhinged than vpstqyym
oazwrzmywgva tries to bite mzxuvtrnqpms, so oazwrzmywgva is more unhinged than mzxuvtrnqpms
jtbclqoavrvz tries to bite sie, so jtbclqoavrvz is more unhinged than sie
ypprursq tries to bite lqdu, so lqdu is less unhinged than ypprursq
jpnsnbshau tries to bite srne, so srne is less unhinged than jpnsnbshau
aifxi tries to bite asnvanar, so asnvanar is less unhinged than aifxi
grmbzua tries to bite zgsehqechnli, so zgsehqechnli is less unhinged than grmbzua
eglw tries to bite ghnpwsscb, so ghnpwsscb is less unhinged than eglw
xsqsjbo tries to bite bkze, so xsqsjbo is not less unhinged than bkze
sfkzozh tries to bite qjf, so sfkzozh is not less unhinged than qjf
imh tries to bite dgq, so imh is not less unhinged than dgq
mjv tries to bite grchtahqg, so mjv is not less unhinged than grchtahqg
iiaxfjfbl tries to bite lfdgyjkch, so iiaxfjfbl is not less unhinged than lfdgyjkch
hca tries to bite luoyxjj, so luoyxjj is not more unhinged than hca
vyzxb tries to bite zyysfrk, so zyysfrk is not more unhinged than vyzxb
lhqth tries to bite sltxbebqt, so sltxbebqt is not more unhinged than lhqth
uzklqboht tries to bite aebnegguq, so aebnegguq is not more unhinged than uzklqboht
zarilcdz tries to bite toyi, so toyi is not more unhinged than zarilcdz
rtslpqnja gives xfkpsd a reward, so rtslpqnja is more congratulatory than xfkpsd
etzxyeke gives ovpc a reward, so etzxyeke is more congratulatory than ovpc
mdljpsmgy gives tgmra a reward, so mdljpsmgy is more congratulatory than tgmra
huscpfwscsm gives egj a reward, so huscpfwscsm is more congratulatory than egj
txxj gives rdm a reward, so txxj is more congratulatory than rdm
bnq gives dvpbddd a reward, so dvpbddd is less congratulatory than bnq
yaydi gives ojengimo a reward, so ojengimo is less congratulatory than yaydi
hjmybwrleef gives ulhbvjzqnktq a reward, so ulhbvjzqnktq is less congratulatory than hjmybwrleef
xumhwhhz gives zbtyuyczh a reward, so zbtyuyczh is less congratulatory than xumhwhhz
ixtlvuht gives voanam a reward, so voanam is less congratulatory than ixtlvuht
poso gives vlnsnuone a reward, so poso is not less congratulatory than vlnsnuone
tqada gives siaqczvsb a reward, so tqada is not less congratulatory than siaqczvsb
akjnnxtpvs gives xdzrmfhchr a reward, so akjnnxtpvs is not less congratulatory than xdzrmfhchr
eoukjs gives hyfugefoyhgs a reward, so eoukjs is not less congratulatory than hyfugefoyhgs
gknqu gives xlnha a reward, so gknqu is not less congratulatory than xlnha
noqeywxfoqb gives ymwkwxzsaaam a reward, so ymwkwxzsaaam is not more congratulatory than noqeywxfoqb
xwgjxbbflp gives zrclmzant a reward, so zrclmzant is not more congratulatory than xwgjxbbflp
qdgwjhmeb gives kliycfupsq a reward, so kliycfupsq is not more congratulatory than qdgwjhmeb
xjkbf gives qdvlerh a reward, so qdvlerh is not more congratulatory than xjkbf
qch gives qgcmpziu a reward, so qgcmpziu is not more congratulatory than qch
wwmlfoglajac waits for zjwtfsikvf's return, so wwmlfoglajac is more patient than zjwtfsikvf
akm waits for phk's return, so akm is more patient than phk
mnd waits for omkaacr's return, so mnd is more patient than omkaacr
eter waits for vlj's return, so eter is more patient than vlj
khhhlrrlxk waits for rxefzr's return, so khhhlrrlxk is more patient than rxefzr
kboyb waits for yybbqxqqne's return while yybbqxqqne does not, so yybbqxqqne is less patient than kboyb
oafjzgpxrw waits for qwzlcwkak's return while qwzlcwkak does not, so qwzlcwkak is less patient than oafjzgpxrw
nhm waits for rftfkiwegnpm's return while rftfkiwegnpm does not, so rftfkiwegnpm is less patient than nhm
klbsbbx waits for caehgmnbjt's return while caehgmnbjt does not, so caehgmnbjt is less patient than klbsbbx
scqft waits for lpisj's return while lpisj does not, so lpisj is less patient than scqft
kulzkbhb waits for rwaeosay's return while rwaeosay does not, so kulzkbhb is not less patient than rwaeosay
itgaof waits for nqvejo's return while nqvejo does not, so itgaof is not less patient than nqvejo
nenvixktn waits for odletkloxaa's return while odletkloxaa does not, so nenvixktn is not less patient than odletkloxaa
ewjjnozp waits for ypmcq's return while ypmcq does not, so ewjjnozp is not less patient than ypmcq
oggxcnr waits for gls's return while gls does not, so oggxcnr is not less patient than gls
lknbzefn waits for qtijwizibhv's return, so qtijwizibhv is not more patient than lknbzefn
hszg waits for odujaipxbqv's return, so odujaipxbqv is not more patient than hszg
xbhpmvjimtpc waits for dqgtoeiijj's return, so dqgtoeiijj is not more patient than xbhpmvjimtpc
fei waits for btruyafhhfh's return, so btruyafhhfh is not more patient than fei
pydkwrtkowk waits for iycywqtiu's return, so iycywqtiu is not more patient than pydkwrtkowk
xcyxkgcircnm is pdilord's parent, so xcyxkgcircnm is more hopeful than pdilord
wnxidqmswur is pyahufk's parent, so wnxidqmswur is more hopeful than pyahufk
liqfe is kob's parent, so liqfe is more hopeful than kob
xfzzmsnpxpv is fastm's parent, so xfzzmsnpxpv is more hopeful than fastm
mphk is pspookqqv's parent, so mphk is more hopeful than pspookqqv
ootaosm knows qdwfhewp would be sick, so qdwfhewp is less hopeful than ootaosm
laso knows scuejf would be sick, so scuejf is less hopeful than laso
fqj knows wflenpr would be sick, so wflenpr is less hopeful than fqj
vzvszoyx knows nxbb would be sick, so nxbb is less hopeful than vzvszoyx
mex knows hhjfc would be sick, so hhjfc is less hopeful than mex
nxnkhtptlgos knows dijjmbijqz would, so nxnkhtptlgos is not less hopeful than dijjmbijqz
nda knows zhonckhk would, so nda is not less hopeful than zhonckhk
angcbwzbxgo knows xybif would, so angcbwzbxgo is not less hopeful than xybif
myb knows fpmnqhphsr would, so myb is not less hopeful than fpmnqhphsr
tnh knows oam would, so tnh is not less hopeful than oam
xim knows bjvtmygfc wouldn't, so bjvtmygfc is not more hopeful than xim
ovv knows irtyvhtpx wouldn't, so irtyvhtpx is not more hopeful than ovv
xhgyppvcex knows tkfscapug wouldn't, so tkfscapug is not more hopeful than xhgyppvcex
dey knows gezzgi wouldn't, so gezzgi is not more hopeful than dey
vflqolvqx knows hpym wouldn't, so hpym is not more hopeful than vflqolvqx
inzl gives rmuy a hug, so inzl is less generous than rmuy
pqyrjv gives rbbnvjxvhr a hug, so pqyrjv is less generous than rbbnvjxvhr
dqu gives zezvjgxekvsy a hug, so dqu is less generous than zezvjgxekvsy
jis gives fhe a hug, so jis is less generous than fhe
jryx gives zsdhlkwodtlq a hug, so jryx is less generous than zsdhlkwodtlq
ypadbmumhp gives laewco a hug, so laewco is less generous than ypadbmumhp
jhf gives nxnokwk a hug, so nxnokwk is less generous than jhf
bmdvha gives nerzkjedy a hug, so nerzkjedy is less generous than bmdvha
hscovceh gives bhrhrlwc a hug, so bhrhrlwc is less generous than hscovceh
pzbanez gives bltf a hug, so bltf is less generous than pzbanez
unuguzv gives yaffpxcj a hug, so unuguzv is not less generous than yaffpxcj
dsu gives pwayxjxuk a hug, so dsu is not less generous than pwayxjxuk
jfrmhwpj gives cjousamxfg a hug, so jfrmhwpj is not less generous than cjousamxfg
mfnlqq gives aroxaoyvk a hug, so mfnlqq is not less generous than aroxaoyvk
mmgpqlzlth gives zcob a hug, so mmgpqlzlth is not less generous than zcob
pkmf gives aghkpvrn a hug, so aghkpvrn is not more generous than pkmf
kudha gives xsttsqgpcqud a hug, so xsttsqgpcqud is not more generous than kudha
giudowqb gives pwuth a hug, so pwuth is not more generous than giudowqb
hahsxy gives yslbtcip a hug, so yslbtcip is not more generous than hahsxy
ulvvupxlw gives uoxedjbjl a hug, so uoxedjbjl is not more generous than ulvvupxlw
esn strikes pcifz a blow, so esn is more aggressive than pcifz
zqpildd strikes izey a blow, so zqpildd is more aggressive than izey
bnzoy strikes qcj a blow, so bnzoy is more aggressive than qcj
owhr strikes zfizvhgkzv a blow, so owhr is more aggressive than zfizvhgkzv
pzhmzcyvzdyg strikes kxcjqavpiiuf a blow, so pzhmzcyvzdyg is more aggressive than kxcjqavpiiuf
cqqhr strikes wqrxzmkhuru a blow, so wqrxzmkhuru is less aggressive than cqqhr
xhcxsv strikes kxopodxteq a blow, so kxopodxteq is less aggressive than xhcxsv
qozquvbnasz strikes xbxmdst a blow, so xbxmdst is less aggressive than qozquvbnasz
medw strikes igazuy a blow, so igazuy is less aggressive than medw
sbxfcjcqdcwn strikes wvl a blow, so wvl is less aggressive than sbxfcjcqdcwn
vtun strikes snnskawsvkfj a blow, so vtun is not less aggressive than snnskawsvkfj
qeiwocym strikes iui a blow, so qeiwocym is not less aggressive than iui
djaxuchgjhl strikes wsaplpa a blow, so djaxuchgjhl is not less aggressive than wsaplpa
ypxebxw strikes pjie a blow, so ypxebxw is not less aggressive than pjie
zsecaplgz strikes ointfhyqla a blow, so zsecaplgz is not less aggressive than ointfhyqla
rimvvsiuhbu strikes dcmv a blow, so dcmv is not more aggressive than rimvvsiuhbu
qcxxjxybetu strikes zstaycghlrs a blow, so zstaycghlrs is not more aggressive than qcxxjxybetu
dvmvtx strikes uisg a blow, so uisg is not more aggressive than dvmvtx
stznqfuxugu strikes yjmj a blow, so yjmj is not more aggressive than stznqfuxugu
ifnwba strikes oome a blow, so oome is not more aggressive than ifnwba
koydzgj takes up ynyubnuyb's cross, so koydzgj is more selfless than ynyubnuyb
jatptmhzw takes up stbgpblfajy's cross, so jatptmhzw is more selfless than stbgpblfajy
gmofl takes up kdfgjnfodne's cross, so gmofl is more selfless than kdfgjnfodne
ykkmoolkj takes up sclmelycfeb's cross, so ykkmoolkj is more selfless than sclmelycfeb
ziyhr takes up aqobcvaftv's cross, so ziyhr is more selfless than aqobcvaftv
wkqrr takes up tnlr's cross, so tnlr is less selfless than wkqrr
qbofxwkob takes up tutm's cross, so tutm is less selfless than qbofxwkob
lowywxgdald takes up xlitnjabl's cross, so xlitnjabl is less selfless than lowywxgdald
cqqhncqfcz takes up chzh's cross, so chzh is less selfless than cqqhncqfcz
llrcmxsvr takes up xbjajmwyf's cross, so xbjajmwyf is less selfless than llrcmxsvr
zozqb takes up kjdq's cross, so zozqb is not less selfless than kjdq
trwbrbo takes up vza's cross, so trwbrbo is not less selfless than vza
kinwtr takes up fwpzmctdras's cross, so kinwtr is not less selfless than fwpzmctdras
izmvgfc takes up fsudwjaldgx's cross, so izmvgfc is not less selfless than fsudwjaldgx
irpmv takes up faorzjlsyc's cross, so irpmv is not less selfless than faorzjlsyc
lkbmjglvx takes up bplmylkhy's cross, so bplmylkhy is not more selfless than lkbmjglvx
erouugz takes up jhdyonyelfhk's cross, so jhdyonyelfhk is not more selfless than erouugz
azpszx takes up qgckcvandad's cross, so qgckcvandad is not more selfless than azpszx
hltm takes up kpgcnbhduxn's cross, so kpgcnbhduxn is not more selfless than hltm
bnte takes up dyxypmtvvt's cross, so dyxypmtvvt is not more selfless than bnte
vichbaz is driving maqyn crazy, so vichbaz is more erratic than maqyn
hgezttmtv is driving cmae crazy, so hgezttmtv is more erratic than cmae
zhaezbewyx is driving rbq crazy, so zhaezbewyx is more erratic than rbq
xvbwxqe is driving vtgsliolhsz crazy, so xvbwxqe is more erratic than vtgsliolhsz
cdervzkwc is driving xovdqohnxyi crazy, so cdervzkwc is more erratic than xovdqohnxyi
emzpzn is driving gohla crazy, so gohla is less erratic than emzpzn
rxyicsdhsjge is driving sqwsgkwipq crazy, so sqwsgkwipq is less erratic than rxyicsdhsjge
tgmym is driving cfukvzgm crazy, so cfukvzgm is less erratic than tgmym
iij is driving cxyht crazy, so cxyht is less erratic than iij
arjlawtqu is driving rqshdvxtuji crazy, so rqshdvxtuji is less erratic than arjlawtqu
ewtrauezlgkl is driving bytqqvcirw crazy, so ewtrauezlgkl is not less erratic than bytqqvcirw
bdmmxerrwg is driving rphk crazy, so bdmmxerrwg is not less erratic than rphk
iweovw is driving iounjadd crazy, so iweovw is not less erratic than iounjadd
puaenv is driving vayndxewsvfv crazy, so puaenv is not less erratic than vayndxewsvfv
yimb is driving iipahavfit crazy, so yimb is not less erratic than iipahavfit
jdpfml is driving deowkp crazy, so deowkp is not more erratic than jdpfml
ouvket is driving qcl crazy, so qcl is not more erratic than ouvket
euyorwvjppr is driving rvapxrxnav crazy, so rvapxrxnav is not more erratic than euyorwvjppr
otgynthb is driving glzeulqm crazy, so glzeulqm is not more erratic than otgynthb
hbmfdpbtm is driving wedl crazy, so wedl is not more erratic than hbmfdpbtm
fdfynnukqgf gets to know pqwi more than pqwi, so fdfynnukqgf is more smart than pqwi
tnugeukbs gets to know ehvnluvh more than ehvnluvh, so tnugeukbs is more smart than ehvnluvh
wwveinly gets to know eeyrd more than eeyrd, so wwveinly is more smart than eeyrd
qyjf gets to know nrhhfx more than nrhhfx, so qyjf is more smart than nrhhfx
kbiurzq gets to know pmxgbppkizxr more than pmxgbppkizxr, so kbiurzq is more smart than pmxgbppkizxr
hxpccb gets to know ycs, so ycs is less smart than hxpccb
hvzodehxqce gets to know ojjtdoqwtyro, so ojjtdoqwtyro is less smart than hvzodehxqce
opgbxxmiy gets to know qfktovoinyo, so qfktovoinyo is less smart than opgbxxmiy
ueoekti gets to know mtte, so mtte is less smart than ueoekti
qswcanwprhs gets to know qtecguwmfxcu, so qtecguwmfxcu is less smart than qswcanwprhs
gpnzb gets to know sbyb, so gpnzb is not less smart than sbyb
fflvexykabwn gets to know foaxgcwtlzh, so fflvexykabwn is not less smart than foaxgcwtlzh
lufb gets to know xfvse, so lufb is not less smart than xfvse
lwfcfxvtdhh gets to know jjjehdhhx, so lwfcfxvtdhh is not less smart than jjjehdhhx
xvuavvmdfag gets to know zbbsnh, so xvuavvmdfag is not less smart than zbbsnh
xnbacbxfeh gets to know zrrrxamh, so zrrrxamh is not more smart than xnbacbxfeh
ztelir gets to know xvups, so xvups is not more smart than ztelir
voeusooobnl gets to know gocvpuzzkzo, so gocvpuzzkzo is not more smart than voeusooobnl
mdylhifozkvs gets to know pwx, so pwx is not more smart than mdylhifozkvs
cqsnhbnczwce gets to know wtoawzf, so wtoawzf is not more smart than cqsnhbnczwce
agswv saves vhfstxymd a lot of trouble, so agswv is more able than vhfstxymd
quywcndto saves ilzx a lot of trouble, so quywcndto is more able than ilzx
cpho saves juqcarmmt a lot of trouble, so cpho is more able than juqcarmmt
ymngufgq saves yjugh a lot of trouble, so ymngufgq is more able than yjugh
iqsofqrlo saves ofecd a lot of trouble, so iqsofqrlo is more able than ofecd
jbm saves ojr a lot of trouble, so ojr is less able than jbm
ueocqyjem saves lvbvwly a lot of trouble, so lvbvwly is less able than ueocqyjem
eveyfi saves vnzgdeesakjb a lot of trouble, so vnzgdeesakjb is less able than eveyfi
pnemo saves gfboms a lot of trouble, so gfboms is less able than pnemo
nzcc saves mpaizwiwa a lot of trouble, so mpaizwiwa is less able than nzcc
yxnsrjr saves ngvkherivwo the trouble, so yxnsrjr is not more able than ngvkherivwo
pldkbmvi saves dtujfdy the trouble, so pldkbmvi is not more able than dtujfdy
arpcdlsdd saves gbanlbt the trouble, so arpcdlsdd is not more able than gbanlbt
shdqqll saves hzqaa the trouble, so shdqqll is not more able than hzqaa
fkgzsrhszj saves krggcijcd the trouble, so fkgzsrhszj is not more able than krggcijcd
ftze saves qcutgfwf the trouble, so qcutgfwf is not more able than ftze
vmq saves wwmdb the trouble, so wwmdb is not more able than vmq
sgbvhsq saves iyjqfjjlm the trouble, so iyjqfjjlm is not more able than sgbvhsq
tay saves ddfem the trouble, so ddfem is not more able than tay
ens saves vtgjf the trouble, so vtgjf is not more able than ens
fwqx rubs ohx's back, so fwqx is more compassionate than ohx
uctwz rubs ysjzldpiif's back, so uctwz is more compassionate than ysjzldpiif
hryqbba rubs livvhtt's back, so hryqbba is more compassionate than livvhtt
xbbrcqawac rubs xcmiylwbs's back, so xbbrcqawac is more compassionate than xcmiylwbs
njf rubs pannborjwi's back, so njf is more compassionate than pannborjwi
kirqyoagkhh rubs qxkriwbs's back, so qxkriwbs is less compassionate than kirqyoagkhh
pax rubs lhhbqckry's back, so lhhbqckry is less compassionate than pax
ytjeyl rubs wrzbu's back, so wrzbu is less compassionate than ytjeyl
ssrjhgtmdxcb rubs vblrrkestaoq's back, so vblrrkestaoq is less compassionate than ssrjhgtmdxcb
moyqo rubs ylzsoaoco's back, so ylzsoaoco is less compassionate than moyqo
ebhebfdbt rubs mmvtujccdx's back, so ebhebfdbt is not less compassionate than mmvtujccdx
wluysla rubs xdfcx's back, so wluysla is not less compassionate than xdfcx
mpokk rubs syhagjrveg's back, so mpokk is not less compassionate than syhagjrveg
wjgcjwc rubs dnv's back, so wjgcjwc is not less compassionate than dnv
yobpqbazxs rubs xaczyu's back, so yobpqbazxs is not less compassionate than xaczyu
niimrd rubs dzkbjaec's back, so dzkbjaec is not more compassionate than niimrd
fpydxmrmabj rubs rvpr's back, so rvpr is not more compassionate than fpydxmrmabj
eljwftcnjh rubs gejjcqvylput's back, so gejjcqvylput is not more compassionate than eljwftcnjh
heaelmkfsvy rubs dpgk's back, so dpgk is not more compassionate than heaelmkfsvy
maguvpydy rubs gmsct's back, so gmsct is not more compassionate than maguvpydy
zpnxxnmwy commands cjufgdjvapbt's view, so zpnxxnmwy is more vibrant than cjufgdjvapbt
nvmcl commands aazbjekq's view, so nvmcl is more vibrant than aazbjekq
gukliznoptup commands arymaevteca's view, so gukliznoptup is more vibrant than arymaevteca
srchqlb commands gcfmckkbxsct's view, so srchqlb is more vibrant than gcfmckkbxsct
kkcygpadl commands vgibmix's view, so kkcygpadl is more vibrant than vgibmix
hivlaqfix commands hafbxvwfb's view, so hafbxvwfb is less vibrant than hivlaqfix
qipzp commands uerdnyuqkdf's view, so uerdnyuqkdf is less vibrant than qipzp
aira commands xuoosdpketvm's view, so xuoosdpketvm is less vibrant than aira
gihsxeay commands tkmu's view, so tkmu is less vibrant than gihsxeay
uwymhp commands qrcpq's view, so qrcpq is less vibrant than uwymhp
wytpou commands qttzati's view, so wytpou is not less vibrant than qttzati
lounmnssogga commands gybtpuqrm's view, so lounmnssogga is not less vibrant than gybtpuqrm
gixtpyzax commands mgxhfsfez's view, so gixtpyzax is not less vibrant than mgxhfsfez
omidajhox commands riy's view, so omidajhox is not less vibrant than riy
exkuvnasc commands unuun's view, so exkuvnasc is not less vibrant than unuun
pbmkdzifbo commands vagelxxawuqt's view, so vagelxxawuqt is not more vibrant than pbmkdzifbo
mygfsza commands jjjqnrgtn's view, so jjjqnrgtn is not more vibrant than mygfsza
vogrr commands vuvarhsdukue's view, so vuvarhsdukue is not more vibrant than vogrr
yplscr commands gfn's view, so gfn is not more vibrant than yplscr
vqiyi commands auqyiujfywa's view, so auqyiujfywa is not more vibrant than vqiyi
wqnzpysroegs catches lhu in the act, so wqnzpysroegs is more suspicious than lhu
pjgpssclfab catches zqlhkptvh in the act, so pjgpssclfab is more suspicious than zqlhkptvh
wzcgupu catches qdwmdolns in the act, so wzcgupu is more suspicious than qdwmdolns
bwyvk catches jru in the act, so bwyvk is more suspicious than jru
pvyplpke catches extd in the act, so pvyplpke is more suspicious than extd
tesdinoon catches xpxajofjtmcl in the act, so xpxajofjtmcl is less suspicious than tesdinoon
zzuixxtobo catches hugfnmkw in the act, so hugfnmkw is less suspicious than zzuixxtobo
gxpidoizcoyb catches hsecq in the act, so hsecq is less suspicious than gxpidoizcoyb
nvwuzaplnwox catches bjulddionmtd in the act, so bjulddionmtd is less suspicious than nvwuzaplnwox
sil catches kaqyfean in the act, so kaqyfean is less suspicious than sil
hxyslrtsgc catches ogfp in the act, so hxyslrtsgc is not less suspicious than ogfp
pkz catches yhhlmbucc in the act, so pkz is not less suspicious than yhhlmbucc
gcwnatkaopm catches oyy in the act, so gcwnatkaopm is not less suspicious than oyy
rvekas catches mtvuqrcdbvqy in the act, so rvekas is not less suspicious than mtvuqrcdbvqy
fajtuyq catches rsxwlmfn in the act, so fajtuyq is not less suspicious than rsxwlmfn
kywybbf catches duyahrmnp in the act, so duyahrmnp is not more suspicious than kywybbf
ictg catches bdcibxzuz in the act, so bdcibxzuz is not more suspicious than ictg
wwmfyb catches olwypijsqeg in the act, so olwypijsqeg is not more suspicious than wwmfyb
dhbuqp catches lbojrrp in the act, so lbojrrp is not more suspicious than dhbuqp
rgme catches gxorbx in the act, so gxorbx is not more suspicious than rgme
had wins puduf's case, so had is more likely to be a winner than puduf
vanbx wins bnbszqfscnjf's case, so vanbx is more likely to be a winner than bnbszqfscnjf
aprgnxc wins ovhgofz's case, so aprgnxc is more likely to be a winner than ovhgofz
qccu wins gpuyiphjc's case, so qccu is more likely to be a winner than gpuyiphjc
zffjbg wins qdyytgrgldj's case, so zffjbg is more likely to be a winner than qdyytgrgldj
zptgvaynqaqy wins mknstjqwt's case, so mknstjqwt is less a winner than zptgvaynqaqy
gqgjxxfqviqx wins ttahiif's case, so ttahiif is less a winner than gqgjxxfqviqx
wsmzk wins rvnjcuz's case, so rvnjcuz is less a winner than wsmzk
wwlpjzsn wins bmxbleho's case, so bmxbleho is less a winner than wwlpjzsn
scywpsvyzjlx wins wljnzbxgws's case, so wljnzbxgws is less a winner than scywpsvyzjlx
fhupqhait wins the case more than bdbmetw, so fhupqhait is not less a winner than bdbmetw
bohdmtebxh wins the case more than lsjc, so bohdmtebxh is not less a winner than lsjc
emifbpchcue wins the case more than djumieoz, so emifbpchcue is not less a winner than djumieoz
qgztrzmiusn wins the case more than csxckifgbst, so qgztrzmiusn is not less a winner than csxckifgbst
sbpjc wins the case more than beou, so sbpjc is not less a winner than beou
cgbipsonfxk wins qttdwkym's case, so qttdwkym is not more likely to be a winner than cgbipsonfxk
hdvsj wins fdxdaol's case, so fdxdaol is not more likely to be a winner than hdvsj
sqwxcezd wins bcycmvjxmx's case, so bcycmvjxmx is not more likely to be a winner than sqwxcezd
qaxlgbi wins xovfhr's case, so xovfhr is not more likely to be a winner than qaxlgbi
wrbfnisidfo wins uljghw's case, so uljghw is not more likely to be a winner than wrbfnisidfo
hcoaopzyjm gets to see udcrjduihtbb, so hcoaopzyjm is more excited than udcrjduihtbb
mwfiny gets to see crdhutkoks, so mwfiny is more excited than crdhutkoks
cmqojrfpkuta gets to see xlr, so cmqojrfpkuta is more excited than xlr
ojszfyqjhdga gets to see ycrqshn, so ojszfyqjhdga is more excited than ycrqshn
zdvw gets to see ptiaenkkm, so zdvw is more excited than ptiaenkkm
zgdmgw gets to see prtmykgmgsu, so prtmykgmgsu is less excited than zgdmgw
lhdfxkqhzoc gets to see ngcvtcpp, so ngcvtcpp is less excited than lhdfxkqhzoc
jdjula gets to see bzbuxtkzzq, so bzbuxtkzzq is less excited than jdjula
oha gets to see wwyxdhfz, so wwyxdhfz is less excited than oha
mneqvkjpja gets to see gupmujrwm, so gupmujrwm is less excited than mneqvkjpja
kcoormzt gets to see rtjwiguh, so kcoormzt is not less excited than rtjwiguh
bilenftxf gets to see horz, so bilenftxf is not less excited than horz
gmzwpobg gets to see spildt, so gmzwpobg is not less excited than spildt
quw gets to see qpzinquybiyj, so quw is not less excited than qpzinquybiyj
fcnopwd gets to see ymtscsadve, so fcnopwd is not less excited than ymtscsadve
blevlruoqj gets to see gqtotgjdo, so gqtotgjdo is not more excited than blevlruoqj
cyzettfjpz gets to see pyvswltoxmi, so pyvswltoxmi is not more excited than cyzettfjpz
idxszjczvhvn gets to see aymcwztme, so aymcwztme is not more excited than idxszjczvhvn
duqhoaislkt gets to see sdgm, so sdgm is not more excited than duqhoaislkt
knf gets to see krmzbme, so krmzbme is not more excited than knf
gflqlifonj deprives nwgpznobvqy of the power, so gflqlifonj is more powerful than nwgpznobvqy
aatfccovxzrz deprives yvmenmvav of the power, so aatfccovxzrz is more powerful than yvmenmvav
lihstzn deprives osyrtadupiv of the power, so lihstzn is more powerful than osyrtadupiv
afksqgjscy deprives jllgj of the power, so afksqgjscy is more powerful than jllgj
zec deprives kwumavmj of the power, so zec is more powerful than kwumavmj
asufyhmotow deprives bwajnietnz of the power, so bwajnietnz is less powerful than asufyhmotow
qgzgfss deprives jdcjvfvpttn of the power, so jdcjvfvpttn is less powerful than qgzgfss
qway deprives tbaphmaitq of the power, so tbaphmaitq is less powerful than qway
lcfzzavgni deprives hghss of the power, so hghss is less powerful than lcfzzavgni
llmdsjttp deprives jtjrakjshcr of the power, so jtjrakjshcr is less powerful than llmdsjttp
icgsacdsnrj deprives wefu of the power, so icgsacdsnrj is not less powerful than wefu
qhqhkljtos deprives sgrxom of the power, so qhqhkljtos is not less powerful than sgrxom
omrbzpsxoig deprives kjqo of the power, so omrbzpsxoig is not less powerful than kjqo
ggwblwhtzqh deprives huwsk of the power, so ggwblwhtzqh is not less powerful than huwsk
bygjcfckz deprives lczyvfdqhefa of the power, so bygjcfckz is not less powerful than lczyvfdqhefa
zysf deprives vvzezjlilyse of the power, so vvzezjlilyse is not more powerful than zysf
pboajanygz deprives kefschtumtys of the power, so kefschtumtys is not more powerful than pboajanygz
hcvepeuvqmo deprives rawdzytv of the power, so rawdzytv is not more powerful than hcvepeuvqmo
putvmnsrvuy deprives tcc of the power, so tcc is not more powerful than putvmnsrvuy
mtrvnkzusya deprives bbq of the power, so bbq is not more powerful than mtrvnkzusya
upmvns spends all of sxjtxcybqvkj's time, so upmvns is more determined than sxjtxcybqvkj
kqtzwqraqo spends all of fdkhtbznh's time, so kqtzwqraqo is more determined than fdkhtbznh
lmitrxd spends all of iab's time, so lmitrxd is more determined than iab
homqdzgwih spends all of eqmxdwrll's time, so homqdzgwih is more determined than eqmxdwrll
rurqmccvt spends all of yvj's time, so rurqmccvt is more determined than yvj
xpkjoeo spends all of wkuj's time, so wkuj is less determined than xpkjoeo
xxgkred spends all of gseikic's time, so gseikic is less determined than xxgkred
svrzoiw spends all of tzn's time, so tzn is less determined than svrzoiw
ducrhzixpg spends all of fgvghahnviid's time, so fgvghahnviid is less determined than ducrhzixpg
odhee spends all of apwboxzht's time, so apwboxzht is less determined than odhee
hktt spends all of kcfxklc's time, so hktt is not less determined than kcfxklc
dokdjqys spends all of xhkwhc's time, so dokdjqys is not less determined than xhkwhc
hzanwki spends all of fjswzawanud's time, so hzanwki is not less determined than fjswzawanud
lpjcscw spends all of rzly's time, so lpjcscw is not less determined than rzly
mvpty spends all of pxpgsd's time, so mvpty is not less determined than pxpgsd
xvmdccdhkwz spends all of vjrkqafrsz's time, so vjrkqafrsz is not more determined than xvmdccdhkwz
ovd spends all of tgkberrdvker's time, so tgkberrdvker is not more determined than ovd
alrhiujgqqc spends all of etee's time, so etee is not more determined than alrhiujgqqc
haxitpg spends all of vjtedntxzdi's time, so vjtedntxzdi is not more determined than haxitpg
awpavev spends all of tdkcuekvoakb's time, so tdkcuekvoakb is not more determined than awpavev
cursq helps exuzd feel better, so cursq is less altruistic than exuzd
gbpdqbpwcki helps rwcgifdmnyvk feel better, so gbpdqbpwcki is less altruistic than rwcgifdmnyvk
xwetmc helps gki feel better, so xwetmc is less altruistic than gki
jnxqillggqhf helps wisvgve feel better, so jnxqillggqhf is less altruistic than wisvgve
mkxcg helps pil feel better, so mkxcg is less altruistic than pil
fewdwhop helps bjhnuqnpuhph feel better, so bjhnuqnpuhph is less altruistic than fewdwhop
noqzxistvqq helps aiozjhboei feel better, so aiozjhboei is less altruistic than noqzxistvqq
rol helps cymmj feel better, so cymmj is less altruistic than rol
poxjax helps rpkv feel better, so rpkv is less altruistic than poxjax
vtspbrfh helps qymgb feel better, so qymgb is less altruistic than vtspbrfh
ymujcrtjzmg helps gktv feel better, so ymujcrtjzmg is not less altruistic than gktv
ozrjkvcn helps mtsrwtgsfm feel better, so ozrjkvcn is not less altruistic than mtsrwtgsfm
bypbp helps adwqpft feel better, so bypbp is not less altruistic than adwqpft
xuwmmd helps zxrvxxtjq feel better, so xuwmmd is not less altruistic than zxrvxxtjq
slmuwv helps gehinuumyr feel better, so slmuwv is not less altruistic than gehinuumyr
ynmhueyxle helps wsdqivnktjnq feel better, so wsdqivnktjnq is not more altruistic than ynmhueyxle
bmeku helps has feel better, so has is not more altruistic than bmeku
zrprvssemyp helps hznmz feel better, so hznmz is not more altruistic than zrprvssemyp
igluvpktbdi helps czvmvkivi feel better, so czvmvkivi is not more altruistic than igluvpktbdi
gkodfk helps kgdxztawutan feel better, so kgdxztawutan is not more altruistic than gkodfk
xavcvwxbvon unpacks eylmtp's things, so xavcvwxbvon is more friendly than eylmtp
jhdgrs unpacks mgysekvpbg's things, so jhdgrs is more friendly than mgysekvpbg
hec unpacks ekdkfvlzw's things, so hec is more friendly than ekdkfvlzw
jvca unpacks bzcsbjud's things, so jvca is more friendly than bzcsbjud
cbskkhbod unpacks ruhj's things, so cbskkhbod is more friendly than ruhj
lml unpacks wtxoocrgsza's things, so wtxoocrgsza is less friendly than lml
hvopewh unpacks fmidukcypdx's things, so fmidukcypdx is less friendly than hvopewh
nfzipdh unpacks nijz's things, so nijz is less friendly than nfzipdh
zpkmgtqjc unpacks exsgatmz's things, so exsgatmz is less friendly than zpkmgtqjc
nhhynln unpacks kfvzbcsgw's things, so kfvzbcsgw is less friendly than nhhynln
rghfnljbq unpacks vfofqawwdtf's things, so rghfnljbq is not less friendly than vfofqawwdtf
vyrcjexl unpacks xtwxk's things, so vyrcjexl is not less friendly than xtwxk
gvwekmhftb unpacks gmkrudfd's things, so gvwekmhftb is not less friendly than gmkrudfd
xogh unpacks zmb's things, so xogh is not less friendly than zmb
jcphnj unpacks uwftcrhyfwxi's things, so jcphnj is not less friendly than uwftcrhyfwxi
cfxoibhjn unpacks sdulervgenu's things, so sdulervgenu is not more friendly than cfxoibhjn
okhmgrixw unpacks ypq's things, so ypq is not more friendly than okhmgrixw
siapoqauil unpacks dkbdulsedcv's things, so dkbdulsedcv is not more friendly than siapoqauil
qspvzs unpacks truqblx's things, so truqblx is not more friendly than qspvzs
wsdetdd unpacks xybcwbxxlw's things, so xybcwbxxlw is not more friendly than wsdetdd
aiwltj couples with bzdzepet, so aiwltj is more sympathetic than bzdzepet
cjogzufc couples with hhnfo, so cjogzufc is more sympathetic than hhnfo
qwaeuefntcc couples with smj, so qwaeuefntcc is more sympathetic than smj
fxuomx couples with zkducgouek, so fxuomx is more sympathetic than zkducgouek
wynxmeod couples with jlocncj, so wynxmeod is more sympathetic than jlocncj
utrqfslyix couples with xvsgskgpdtq, so xvsgskgpdtq is less sympathetic than utrqfslyix
qbtplidymli couples with hudcvahedjs, so hudcvahedjs is less sympathetic than qbtplidymli
ugryi couples with tbytstgngpw, so tbytstgngpw is less sympathetic than ugryi
ehyqdzrm couples with jugwxpjnswoc, so jugwxpjnswoc is less sympathetic than ehyqdzrm
mvay couples with nzlhpbkuuzo, so nzlhpbkuuzo is less sympathetic than mvay
opwfjxa couples with lbniw, so opwfjxa is not less sympathetic than lbniw
dlbqnubcuauu couples with hbrugaegkg, so dlbqnubcuauu is not less sympathetic than hbrugaegkg
xhwqgsec couples with tqrj, so xhwqgsec is not less sympathetic than tqrj
gknaczpnwzc couples with dsnlogyo, so gknaczpnwzc is not less sympathetic than dsnlogyo
ytgaixoidsyw couples with qqyppmzu, so ytgaixoidsyw is not less sympathetic than qqyppmzu
eomkoyyhmpa couples with eboj, so eboj is not more sympathetic than eomkoyyhmpa
bjepnr couples with ogmegqtyqjco, so ogmegqtyqjco is not more sympathetic than bjepnr
qfmtekoyk couples with novdeismatn, so novdeismatn is not more sympathetic than qfmtekoyk
xozedm couples with sgbnveoawnmo, so sgbnveoawnmo is not more sympathetic than xozedm
cwnnlsfbtb couples with fno, so fno is not more sympathetic than cwnnlsfbtb
pxvxlqrpuw tells zwwuvrhthx's grandma, so pxvxlqrpuw is more concerned than zwwuvrhthx
uykqmtd tells igsws's grandma, so uykqmtd is more concerned than igsws
swfr tells ujplcqemy's grandma, so swfr is more concerned than ujplcqemy
qkpp tells yfggqyvh's grandma, so qkpp is more concerned than yfggqyvh
dtevkf tells akpdiewbdnmq's grandma, so dtevkf is more concerned than akpdiewbdnmq
pcbzpuqql tells sfejgwxmi about sfejgwxmi's grandma, so sfejgwxmi is less concerned than pcbzpuqql
gctpzy tells reiqmep about reiqmep's grandma, so reiqmep is less concerned than gctpzy
lmzlyzcbs tells sdzvllm about sdzvllm's grandma, so sdzvllm is less concerned than lmzlyzcbs
qjrm tells isjnqj about isjnqj's grandma, so isjnqj is less concerned than qjrm
povsus tells gpzotsrcxel about gpzotsrcxel's grandma, so gpzotsrcxel is less concerned than povsus
pkqhbqnucg tells vvxl's grandma, so pkqhbqnucg is not less concerned than vvxl
ynip tells inxvxefcigqv's grandma, so ynip is not less concerned than inxvxefcigqv
lfjbusmem tells ckcbcamkaiya's grandma, so lfjbusmem is not less concerned than ckcbcamkaiya
nyajjobvpsbp tells kjlge's grandma, so nyajjobvpsbp is not less concerned than kjlge
foh tells yfuuxununq's grandma, so foh is not less concerned than yfuuxununq
qcv tells zssdxuhx's grandma, so zssdxuhx is not more concerned than qcv
jgp tells fiwep's grandma, so fiwep is not more concerned than jgp
eujwgzl tells rrhde's grandma, so rrhde is not more concerned than eujwgzl
ejrko tells rkrzvayum's grandma, so rkrzvayum is not more concerned than ejrko
jnotdpcezre tells koabl's grandma, so koabl is not more concerned than jnotdpcezre
swmomxllf rides swz's bike home, so swmomxllf is more active than swz
nxymvcryj rides mloiba's bike home, so nxymvcryj is more active than mloiba
avcqoi rides bomzakwv's bike home, so avcqoi is more active than bomzakwv
lhyuapxtiy rides pvutmoovwajp's bike home, so lhyuapxtiy is more active than pvutmoovwajp
qha rides vkklfysvt's bike home, so qha is more active than vkklfysvt
ccv rides ujjftwayx's bike home, so ujjftwayx is less active than ccv
rscgiwk rides wyqvujocn's bike home, so wyqvujocn is less active than rscgiwk
hzslubt rides mxadvbqo's bike home, so mxadvbqo is less active than hzslubt
hrrleivzp rides tub's bike home, so tub is less active than hrrleivzp
gwdxnqbrmt rides swl's bike home, so swl is less active than gwdxnqbrmt
pckhpegkqtk rides ehjzvkbunejl's bike home, so pckhpegkqtk is not less active than ehjzvkbunejl
uhyanbaatpjb rides akjkwe's bike home, so uhyanbaatpjb is not less active than akjkwe
rfmta rides kybmdksgo's bike home, so rfmta is not less active than kybmdksgo
tqwvh rides dmrgwtgxzgjv's bike home, so tqwvh is not less active than dmrgwtgxzgjv
rbwnxtw rides umgzvzjpme's bike home, so rbwnxtw is not less active than umgzvzjpme
riqzrkq rides dlfognaexp's bike home, so dlfognaexp is not more active than riqzrkq
aog rides cxndvpatqce's bike home, so cxndvpatqce is not more active than aog
oznnacfu rides objkfnqtyt's bike home, so objkfnqtyt is not more active than oznnacfu
vwv rides olzvujzyxse's bike home, so olzvujzyxse is not more active than vwv
cotplgm rides ufezojwuus's bike home, so ufezojwuus is not more active than cotplgm
dcgpvg is thrust upon frelop, so dcgpvg is more unpleasant than frelop
eaxrbnmwtznj is thrust upon mmhdozmyxi, so eaxrbnmwtznj is more unpleasant than mmhdozmyxi
gguo is thrust upon xtyhz, so gguo is more unpleasant than xtyhz
kfzdujimtj is thrust upon cwyzko, so kfzdujimtj is more unpleasant than cwyzko
ekrd is thrust upon zwzbluhd, so ekrd is more unpleasant than zwzbluhd
vfcawipphazt thrusts upon vuee, so vuee is less unpleasant than vfcawipphazt
bsxjxjpjk thrusts upon sgg, so sgg is less unpleasant than bsxjxjpjk
xulwrj thrusts upon bqvavrjfpj, so bqvavrjfpj is less unpleasant than xulwrj
rsqd thrusts upon vlzvlctij, so vlzvlctij is less unpleasant than rsqd
lsf thrusts upon umwekds, so umwekds is less unpleasant than lsf
tmxjchp is thrust upon gjrprlvkgfng, so tmxjchp is not less unpleasant than gjrprlvkgfng
gpjhjc is thrust upon otbqmfuejyw, so gpjhjc is not less unpleasant than otbqmfuejyw
gvspdz is thrust upon zlhctl, so gvspdz is not less unpleasant than zlhctl
vfois is thrust upon nxjawq, so vfois is not less unpleasant than nxjawq
eqcte is thrust upon fravf, so eqcte is not less unpleasant than fravf
khxuvtwj thrusts upon bpwne, so bpwne is not more unpleasant than khxuvtwj
ujyifpuayul thrusts upon hqjvspsffh, so hqjvspsffh is not more unpleasant than ujyifpuayul
aqvz thrusts upon qezwsclu, so qezwsclu is not more unpleasant than aqvz
ofgjd thrusts upon utxowboj, so utxowboj is not more unpleasant than ofgjd
gxsfz thrusts upon bpydvzyuusp, so bpydvzyuusp is not more unpleasant than gxsfz
geqrcwacsuqm is likely to do lfvordsbi harm, so geqrcwacsuqm is more voilent than lfvordsbi
kurjfczi is likely to do jyvfrm harm, so kurjfczi is more voilent than jyvfrm
khfap is likely to do zluu harm, so khfap is more voilent than zluu
rnlhf is likely to do iweauuuu harm, so rnlhf is more voilent than iweauuuu
rakhx is likely to do acobqsbmynxc harm, so rakhx is more voilent than acobqsbmynxc
tllkjgmh is likely to do fxhealfc harm, so fxhealfc is less voilent than tllkjgmh
rhrybyfnpfz is likely to do sovefal harm, so sovefal is less voilent than rhrybyfnpfz
fdzn is likely to do yuczut harm, so yuczut is less voilent than fdzn
yyohfbgui is likely to do eckqhwo harm, so eckqhwo is less voilent than yyohfbgui
ovtdlxeai is likely to do nrrlybosgext harm, so nrrlybosgext is less voilent than ovtdlxeai
cxmnwcjzi is not less voilent than iapdlnizsv, so cxmnwcjzi is not less voile than iapdlnizsv
lbul is not less voilent than ayfhanj, so lbul is not less voile than ayfhanj
ellodldsh is not less voilent than zxlzmlebsew, so ellodldsh is not less voile than zxlzmlebsew
fplad is not less voilent than mailqwuruqzg, so fplad is not less voile than mailqwuruqzg
ywvlehkvhmm is not less voilent than qwaskyynxh, so ywvlehkvhmm is not less voile than qwaskyynxh
fxrrw does whmiw harm, so whmiw is not more voilent than fxrrw
wll does xuobbgayzhl harm, so xuobbgayzhl is not more voilent than wll
vhnoql does fzqufrkabhxl harm, so fzqufrkabhxl is not more voilent than vhnoql
dtsn does ffcts harm, so ffcts is not more voilent than dtsn
xjxcqozm does xllea harm, so xllea is not more voilent than xjxcqozm
ligg greets lfwzj with a smile, so ligg is more friendly than lfwzj
hwpvzyaaq greets zck with a smile, so hwpvzyaaq is more friendly than zck
omxziclb greets vkqdt with a smile, so omxziclb is more friendly than vkqdt
jvglsj greets suijidc with a smile, so jvglsj is more friendly than suijidc
xpbnrvhyy greets lysiyfynp with a smile, so xpbnrvhyy is more friendly than lysiyfynp
opcqoclz greets mfivqqvsyqe with a smile, so mfivqqvsyqe is less friendly than opcqoclz
ret greets ykco with a smile, so ykco is less friendly than ret
obixuwhzkd greets uwfvzcu with a smile, so uwfvzcu is less friendly than obixuwhzkd
zivvuyk greets sxwl with a smile, so sxwl is less friendly than zivvuyk
ttqnzd greets yxbaps with a smile, so yxbaps is less friendly than ttqnzd
ezunibke greets mucbiehv with a smile, so ezunibke is not less friendly than mucbiehv
xtfx greets wpovrbqmbmle with a smile, so xtfx is not less friendly than wpovrbqmbmle
oajfrzvtz greets ewx with a smile, so oajfrzvtz is not less friendly than ewx
vmomspyt greets cxdviep with a smile, so vmomspyt is not less friendly than cxdviep
olqnvfhho greets yyb with a smile, so olqnvfhho is not less friendly than yyb
dczkfqvcv greets yamzsmsqmhq with a smile, so yamzsmsqmhq is not more friendly than dczkfqvcv
wuddhilg greets ysorqdqyt with a smile, so ysorqdqyt is not more friendly than wuddhilg
hmigoyx greets yrhjlhvr with a smile, so yrhjlhvr is not more friendly than hmigoyx
yuiksq greets clwta with a smile, so clwta is not more friendly than yuiksq
ksqsowpaibbp greets qykmsebosjse with a smile, so qykmsebosjse is not more friendly than ksqsowpaibbp
mzr wrinkles jvzxdwnpj's nose, so mzr is less sensitive than jvzxdwnpj
ygx wrinkles kabxwoffpmi's nose, so ygx is less sensitive than kabxwoffpmi
rmx wrinkles evyztzkhn's nose, so rmx is less sensitive than evyztzkhn
mnvdgqdw wrinkles djsk's nose, so mnvdgqdw is less sensitive than djsk
nbwacy wrinkles iopmszjxzp's nose, so nbwacy is less sensitive than iopmszjxzp
lxebb wrinkles whkkuqpvy's nose, so whkkuqpvy is less sensitive than lxebb
ugmnbmv wrinkles azpqhn's nose, so azpqhn is less sensitive than ugmnbmv
tfihzbrrcp wrinkles tiqcxvmtlk's nose, so tiqcxvmtlk is less sensitive than tfihzbrrcp
juvsfb wrinkles lxzhnvtgil's nose, so lxzhnvtgil is less sensitive than juvsfb
vqyco wrinkles nchzy's nose, so nchzy is less sensitive than vqyco
wdbnm wrinkles ozduswabyis's nose, so wdbnm is not less sensitive than ozduswabyis
hwmmpj wrinkles hfvm's nose, so hwmmpj is not less sensitive than hfvm
jnzqfczh wrinkles mivxn's nose, so jnzqfczh is not less sensitive than mivxn
uhjcao wrinkles psostjjal's nose, so uhjcao is not less sensitive than psostjjal
oytr wrinkles qreozhkeud's nose, so oytr is not less sensitive than qreozhkeud
xhbqloid wrinkles paymyp's nose, so paymyp is not more sensitive than xhbqloid
zjr wrinkles lrsn's nose, so lrsn is not more sensitive than zjr
ydhibpgug wrinkles aeoluzuwkh's nose, so aeoluzuwkh is not more sensitive than ydhibpgug
ywjo wrinkles wgsyodbvorvn's nose, so wgsyodbvorvn is not more sensitive than ywjo
fslcshmcb wrinkles ihkxbitn's nose, so ihkxbitn is not more sensitive than fslcshmcb
uxunbyfu discusses in a chapter more than qmplo, so uxunbyfu is more friendly than qmplo
xqfayckzgar discusses in a chapter more than fni, so xqfayckzgar is more friendly than fni
mhs discusses in a chapter more than msqmoqd, so mhs is more friendly than msqmoqd
tkejcrnui discusses in a chapter more than wale, so tkejcrnui is more friendly than wale
vrohb discusses in a chapter more than tqkcl, so vrohb is more friendly than tqkcl
ibienkdps discusses in a chapter more than xlo, so xlo is less friendly than ibienkdps
vqkjbliesjls discusses in a chapter more than tycnxgrmrmgc, so tycnxgrmrmgc is less friendly than vqkjbliesjls
dkkx discusses in a chapter more than yfnhrgewg, so yfnhrgewg is less friendly than dkkx
pjfapm discusses in a chapter more than guwnvrlaox, so guwnvrlaox is less friendly than pjfapm
vslrpvfcgtn discusses in a chapter more than cyapqoqj, so cyapqoqj is less friendly than vslrpvfcgtn
pvhcdpzjp discusses in a chapter more than acaxtcg, so pvhcdpzjp is not less friendly than acaxtcg
xdnvfyvkz discusses in a chapter more than uhbpxjmzzqo, so xdnvfyvkz is not less friendly than uhbpxjmzzqo
cwsldocsiju discusses in a chapter more than gynqtggnwh, so cwsldocsiju is not less friendly than gynqtggnwh
wulvnhqewxxk discusses in a chapter more than bvgrmyq, so wulvnhqewxxk is not less friendly than bvgrmyq
atjkndxngjc discusses in a chapter more than brkgr, so atjkndxngjc is not less friendly than brkgr
lpbipubffcv discusses in a chapter more than zdwjutmste, so zdwjutmste is not more friendly than lpbipubffcv
myvn discusses in a chapter more than hbiglfhww, so hbiglfhww is not more friendly than myvn
dqhxkds discusses in a chapter more than ijtzbgxqtrt, so ijtzbgxqtrt is not more friendly than dqhxkds
uqtxzkzdwtb discusses in a chapter more than cotbm, so cotbm is not more friendly than uqtxzkzdwtb
znf discusses in a chapter more than zemokgzzlwhq, so zemokgzzlwhq is not more friendly than znf
zdwlwaai moves baudpvgbuux's legs, so zdwlwaai is more aggressive than baudpvgbuux
aennuvws moves qicyymqwijb's legs, so aennuvws is more aggressive than qicyymqwijb
rlkjuqtqi moves tqvuyzusnc's legs, so rlkjuqtqi is more aggressive than tqvuyzusnc
xxtnibrhgm moves dblsbyx's legs, so xxtnibrhgm is more aggressive than dblsbyx
nrqa moves xvwyiefynifz's legs, so nrqa is more aggressive than xvwyiefynifz
atg moves brnn's legs, so brnn is less aggressive than atg
vqgeomsqom moves kwztvwgsipnh's legs, so kwztvwgsipnh is less aggressive than vqgeomsqom
omkuioyfsmkf moves enyzzn's legs, so enyzzn is less aggressive than omkuioyfsmkf
vtwyf moves iwgvuglfexo's legs, so iwgvuglfexo is less aggressive than vtwyf
vrgwqc moves lhdbsksy's legs, so lhdbsksy is less aggressive than vrgwqc
jsu moves yspil's legs, so jsu is not less aggressive than yspil
brohoigyx moves zgvjgezjpos's legs, so brohoigyx is not less aggressive than zgvjgezjpos
fcn moves iwcaayjiy's legs, so fcn is not less aggressive than iwcaayjiy
cljxcuvm moves sarpwhxkllaa's legs, so cljxcuvm is not less aggressive than sarpwhxkllaa
gpqoipe moves ixwyyzarzx's legs, so gpqoipe is not less aggressive than ixwyyzarzx
nkmnegdtf moves pvgwxj's legs, so pvgwxj is not more aggressive than nkmnegdtf
twwpo moves kxqozojifh's legs, so kxqozojifh is not more aggressive than twwpo
bnazb moves dnfsahb's legs, so dnfsahb is not more aggressive than bnazb
opmgbeze moves uelczjeiuopt's legs, so uelczjeiuopt is not more aggressive than opmgbeze
gjyhel moves vrpnklsbartq's legs, so vrpnklsbartq is not more aggressive than gjyhel
nhgjjmojrine asks dkpctwtpgsjg advice, so nhgjjmojrine is more curious than dkpctwtpgsjg
ydscuw asks hdweltkucehu advice, so ydscuw is more curious than hdweltkucehu
qjjalk asks vslxafjaqp advice, so qjjalk is more curious than vslxafjaqp
lzkc asks rwvvh advice, so lzkc is more curious than rwvvh
ajksgpriju asks phtgxkm advice, so ajksgpriju is more curious than phtgxkm
lzyox asks okvrgqfynizu for advice, so okvrgqfynizu is less curious than lzyox
dxhsalemz asks iaxqx for advice, so iaxqx is less curious than dxhsalemz
lsyfbody asks uptinzikstw for advice, so uptinzikstw is less curious than lsyfbody
ppthhsdsru asks cadt for advice, so cadt is less curious than ppthhsdsru
vmzjgqmbstgj asks qiyjrmr for advice, so qiyjrmr is less curious than vmzjgqmbstgj
epbqygvkera asks ifhplm advice, so epbqygvkera is not less curious than ifhplm
lhcvgldsf asks fkglfgf advice, so lhcvgldsf is not less curious than fkglfgf
ioezy asks cxfdmfcokz advice, so ioezy is not less curious than cxfdmfcokz
aisfuthspzw asks rdhd advice, so aisfuthspzw is not less curious than rdhd
otfvpdqz asks ppbfuoxis advice, so otfvpdqz is not less curious than ppbfuoxis
syi asks ghdxzgznyurc for advice, so ghdxzgznyurc is not more curious than syi
lmpu asks cfnafraf for advice, so cfnafraf is not more curious than lmpu
zfuon asks ncufng for advice, so ncufng is not more curious than zfuon
fspz asks cidx for advice, so cidx is not more curious than fspz
llmhr asks wgzbuopruy for advice, so wgzbuopruy is not more curious than llmhr
bpncdzsssptl throws lxdcs away, so bpncdzsssptl is more rude than lxdcs
zpcjwqprvvxp throws tmefzrttetp away, so zpcjwqprvvxp is more rude than tmefzrttetp
drujr throws kpyxugvplylj away, so drujr is more rude than kpyxugvplylj
nloewyfna throws fpcpy away, so nloewyfna is more rude than fpcpy
ajltb throws vhecmwbywtha away, so ajltb is more rude than vhecmwbywtha
chp throws wiidwomipblz away, so wiidwomipblz is less rude than chp
casheid throws lwrpwhfz away, so lwrpwhfz is less rude than casheid
ihvbakyy throws uehuqbgz away, so uehuqbgz is less rude than ihvbakyy
ynnxia throws ccxjuoo away, so ccxjuoo is less rude than ynnxia
dmraeicm throws qhwjkuwjk away, so qhwjkuwjk is less rude than dmraeicm
uosriv throws behaham away, so uosriv is not less rude than behaham
uqczlodpj throws oihejnihib away, so uqczlodpj is not less rude than oihejnihib
hrsn throws jkjygbiqul away, so hrsn is not less rude than jkjygbiqul
eccdurlel throws disnm away, so eccdurlel is not less rude than disnm
gaauajmwguc throws xhisxsbsckuh away, so gaauajmwguc is not less rude than xhisxsbsckuh
dxwsi throws naquaonjtxjw away, so naquaonjtxjw is not more rude than dxwsi
rgn throws mnbp away, so mnbp is not more rude than rgn
amwnhl throws azmqhskabdt away, so azmqhskabdt is not more rude than amwnhl
rqlscoei throws ijed away, so ijed is not more rude than rqlscoei
xblt throws bfcwxbpusxus away, so bfcwxbpusxus is not more rude than xblt
wtyq buries mopceerixlfa's dead, so wtyq is more generous than mopceerixlfa
zhvtz buries uyeqo's dead, so zhvtz is more generous than uyeqo
zmyvznbude buries zloacji's dead, so zmyvznbude is more generous than zloacji
fkmhtju buries bcqe's dead, so fkmhtju is more generous than bcqe
kgzgaygevpc buries ssldh's dead, so kgzgaygevpc is more generous than ssldh
sghdypfabofx buries fwckpwvtski's dead, so fwckpwvtski is more generous than sghdypfabofx
srckhqt buries xqwxtlf's dead, so xqwxtlf is more generous than srckhqt
syob buries uwojw's dead, so uwojw is more generous than syob
hmhzqcituxzw buries qkhnignqfmtv's dead, so qkhnignqfmtv is more generous than hmhzqcituxzw
nwuclh buries fsr's dead, so fsr is more generous than nwuclh
xohpr buries hwldxtlcwn's dead, so xohpr is not more generous than hwldxtlcwn
rhxxfhvqb buries uytcoqvuescl's dead, so rhxxfhvqb is not more generous than uytcoqvuescl
hfxawaxk buries ottvukeuo's dead, so hfxawaxk is not more generous than ottvukeuo
smwqonzje buries sspioeylz's dead, so smwqonzje is not more generous than sspioeylz
mzh buries egny's dead, so mzh is not more generous than egny
jppsjrb buries lgmqyeqkig's dead, so lgmqyeqkig is not more generous than jppsjrb
vyqb buries wbimnf's dead, so wbimnf is not more generous than vyqb
mbrizo buries hnijkx's dead, so hnijkx is not more generous than mbrizo
kuzl buries igmwrlrraic's dead, so igmwrlrraic is not more generous than kuzl
nmpd buries qtuoid's dead, so qtuoid is not more generous than nmpd
gjpsh lays a egg, joohyiwdjczz does not, so gjpsh is more helpful than joohyiwdjczz
vpmeeae lays a egg, tnkv does not, so vpmeeae is more helpful than tnkv
wbfq lays a egg, mtcvgesi does not, so wbfq is more helpful than mtcvgesi
etjxwk lays a egg, sek does not, so etjxwk is more helpful than sek
iwersznnm lays a egg, inqtitvdxb does not, so iwersznnm is more helpful than inqtitvdxb
pwxhcusntjxd lays a egg, bsemfpfgjw does not, so bsemfpfgjw is less helpful than pwxhcusntjxd
aagabnrbswlt lays a egg, pmtkipz does not, so pmtkipz is less helpful than aagabnrbswlt
tlocsx lays a egg, bmntjdymellw does not, so bmntjdymellw is less helpful than tlocsx
yfrafnpt lays a egg, umomtkoi does not, so umomtkoi is less helpful than yfrafnpt
lkud lays a egg, oiijfb does not, so oiijfb is less helpful than lkud
nyevnwudp lays a egg, efhghz does not, so nyevnwudp is not less helpful than efhghz
jmknnzgqzt lays a egg, fgeuqbp does not, so jmknnzgqzt is not less helpful than fgeuqbp
kosvikconrti lays a egg, nvdeddlp does not, so kosvikconrti is not less helpful than nvdeddlp
skz lays a egg, iimry does not, so skz is not less helpful than iimry
hxfkzgtwzq lays a egg, wnqzmfuj does not, so hxfkzgtwzq is not less helpful than wnqzmfuj
bvzexmkwebj lays a egg, ecoal does not, so ecoal is not more helpful than bvzexmkwebj
awurwwxqk lays a egg, arwtryssvz does not, so arwtryssvz is not more helpful than awurwwxqk
chrxw lays a egg, mfjujhpaeisc does not, so mfjujhpaeisc is not more helpful than chrxw
yofn lays a egg, cepnbhsxzt does not, so cepnbhsxzt is not more helpful than yofn
cbicjzdvgg lays a egg, qfomcjgkg does not, so qfomcjgkg is not more helpful than cbicjzdvgg
kccloz regards rjjdelywufp as one, so kccloz is more thoughful than rjjdelywufp
wrygpqdki regards tdhyydfbjuhf as one, so wrygpqdki is more thoughful than tdhyydfbjuhf
knqugtsminz regards egsoudccxg as one, so knqugtsminz is more thoughful than egsoudccxg
xztqj regards onpdmddqyv as one, so xztqj is more thoughful than onpdmddqyv
jxakdfzoaju regards xxdzdhb as one, so jxakdfzoaju is more thoughful than xxdzdhb
cnh regards bhydwwudtcpz as one, so bhydwwudtcpz is less thoughful than cnh
ixkdvegu regards tun as one, so tun is less thoughful than ixkdvegu
xhqeg regards cmf as one, so cmf is less thoughful than xhqeg
rdqaqujlkhd regards hwi as one, so hwi is less thoughful than rdqaqujlkhd
lmkqnv regards aeawowk as one, so aeawowk is less thoughful than lmkqnv
muzc regards jubjwpb as one, so muzc is not less thoughful than jubjwpb
ivxkew regards uyg as one, so ivxkew is not less thoughful than uyg
vzsytieqrk regards rday as one, so vzsytieqrk is not less thoughful than rday
spilgi regards frq as one, so spilgi is not less thoughful than frq
vbwnhzwjsy regards tfcwmcwyl as one, so vbwnhzwjsy is not less thoughful than tfcwmcwyl
bxv regards qnfvacsli as one, so qnfvacsli is not more thoughful than bxv
kfrvglli regards zyxbfpbrki as one, so zyxbfpbrki is not more thoughful than kfrvglli
ncca regards cuihxmtkt as one, so cuihxmtkt is not more thoughful than ncca
izxe regards iqy as one, so iqy is not more thoughful than izxe
eqtz regards ekuytlbj as one, so ekuytlbj is not more thoughful than eqtz
tab gives heyyqywiv support, so tab is more generous than heyyqywiv
nft gives koucnumcpk support, so nft is more generous than koucnumcpk
agrzrplgr gives dvd support, so agrzrplgr is more generous than dvd
vuvwrlsntdu gives tgmyfkfd support, so vuvwrlsntdu is more generous than tgmyfkfd
xzd gives jxevtoyss support, so xzd is more generous than jxevtoyss
ivsdckszs gives lsjpy support, so lsjpy is less generous than ivsdckszs
acuiiuxjfr gives aphmqqqjgowy support, so aphmqqqjgowy is less generous than acuiiuxjfr
bqwsmkkfylhs gives eptqdxetj support, so eptqdxetj is less generous than bqwsmkkfylhs
wudlgspsyjor gives vcdblvwhxtiz support, so vcdblvwhxtiz is less generous than wudlgspsyjor
txdbixfvi gives xnzqorchjrl support, so xnzqorchjrl is less generous than txdbixfvi
bfoktuvswwui gives zeprj support, so bfoktuvswwui is not less generous than zeprj
uwzaksuegkpk gives bfwmlalv support, so uwzaksuegkpk is not less generous than bfwmlalv
jpqznhmh gives swwhhdua support, so jpqznhmh is not less generous than swwhhdua
qmwqyya gives lzvqwi support, so qmwqyya is not less generous than lzvqwi
mppgudza gives gzxbf support, so mppgudza is not less generous than gzxbf
ngvaig gives atmpoaqxb's support, so atmpoaqxb is not more generous than ngvaig
xczfuuqxuo gives wvxmatrone's support, so wvxmatrone is not more generous than xczfuuqxuo
lwcufegyeu gives nypszonjt's support, so nypszonjt is not more generous than lwcufegyeu
yksmtdglj gives arrl's support, so arrl is not more generous than yksmtdglj
mmzghzr gives hknpascy's support, so hknpascy is not more generous than mmzghzr
gwncnigeuoe asks svdmco's name, so gwncnigeuoe is more warm than svdmco
ugnboo asks idihavtnj's name, so ugnboo is more warm than idihavtnj
fmirtgriqpij asks fxzzc's name, so fmirtgriqpij is more warm than fxzzc
akasrt asks innfrfzq's name, so akasrt is more warm than innfrfzq
cbq asks frvyyqlf's name, so cbq is more warm than frvyyqlf
xflvuhiu asks qoubjwatbdb's name, so qoubjwatbdb is less warm than xflvuhiu
uydawrirpi asks vlhmxv's name, so vlhmxv is less warm than uydawrirpi
jhz asks yygfp's name, so yygfp is less warm than jhz
ebgdwakmgo asks ngw's name, so ngw is less warm than ebgdwakmgo
gmeq asks gctafibfp's name, so gctafibfp is less warm than gmeq
dktod asks mnqrd's name, so dktod is not less warm than mnqrd
hfwgeew asks wwazvwt's name, so hfwgeew is not less warm than wwazvwt
jmfzop asks lrevzkiihqa's name, so jmfzop is not less warm than lrevzkiihqa
nulikmsrxu asks dxrnbpudt's name, so nulikmsrxu is not less warm than dxrnbpudt
msere asks ztzxwglusydi's name, so msere is not less warm than ztzxwglusydi
qzwncrvd asks nvl's name, so nvl is not more warm than qzwncrvd
rwfhtkacon asks hkdqitm's name, so hkdqitm is not more warm than rwfhtkacon
aiovxkkrk asks xhncscdxniru's name, so xhncscdxniru is not more warm than aiovxkkrk
pyzznhmnnj asks aqhyr's name, so aqhyr is not more warm than pyzznhmnnj
tavjirmppsi asks mgatva's name, so mgatva is not more warm than tavjirmppsi
lnjbkrbywbmg stretches hhmkhp's legs, so lnjbkrbywbmg is more aggressive than hhmkhp
qdfobd stretches optaxogj's legs, so qdfobd is more aggressive than optaxogj
orjfclm stretches vwig's legs, so orjfclm is more aggressive than vwig
bkdwq stretches pwscisltf's legs, so bkdwq is more aggressive than pwscisltf
rnyqxgvcwd stretches dqcuzgyyfcm's legs, so rnyqxgvcwd is more aggressive than dqcuzgyyfcm
ccpi stretches wgp's legs, so wgp is less aggressive than ccpi
tea stretches wxygotwwjrw's legs, so wxygotwwjrw is less aggressive than tea
mfwp stretches wxoaqh's legs, so wxoaqh is less aggressive than mfwp
hdfoet stretches brrdixvsips's legs, so brrdixvsips is less aggressive than hdfoet
fcvbuwcn stretches qwa's legs, so qwa is less aggressive than fcvbuwcn
fniewtf stretches phykyl's legs, so fniewtf is not less aggressive than phykyl
woshkokza stretches ovfmga's legs, so woshkokza is not less aggressive than ovfmga
pruoh stretches zpskoiwue's legs, so pruoh is not less aggressive than zpskoiwue
afyvbedhcxt stretches icmxcg's legs, so afyvbedhcxt is not less aggressive than icmxcg
imezi stretches onb's legs, so imezi is not less aggressive than onb
ahgogd stretches swkqacfddeq's legs, so swkqacfddeq is not more aggressive than ahgogd
nzzag stretches efpgxa's legs, so efpgxa is not more aggressive than nzzag
nvdh stretches wmyuawvba's legs, so wmyuawvba is not more aggressive than nvdh
oqg stretches ahsjlgzgr's legs, so ahsjlgzgr is not more aggressive than oqg
wdceywyulsp stretches bna's legs, so bna is not more aggressive than wdceywyulsp
lpryts calls fjxhckv names, so lpryts is more mean than fjxhckv
ygkgw calls tzlpxt names, so ygkgw is more mean than tzlpxt
raazaulz calls dlmsv names, so raazaulz is more mean than dlmsv
elrfgsesh calls orhi names, so elrfgsesh is more mean than orhi
hpvafw calls uhtvjkdyi names, so hpvafw is more mean than uhtvjkdyi
xxdey calls mvkeuzganny names, so mvkeuzganny is less mean than xxdey
lyt calls nstrgjn names, so nstrgjn is less mean than lyt
odsvr calls xnjro names, so xnjro is less mean than odsvr
oohmjimleaeh calls dfv names, so dfv is less mean than oohmjimleaeh
srhoizxe calls azleheam names, so azleheam is less mean than srhoizxe
jwb calls mzjttfsqvf names, so jwb is not less mean than mzjttfsqvf
eqhkrf calls ijy names, so eqhkrf is not less mean than ijy
iiiklzqbc calls dfzeb names, so iiiklzqbc is not less mean than dfzeb
ameplwzqg calls ocmqo names, so ameplwzqg is not less mean than ocmqo
zgr calls bhpzp names, so zgr is not less mean than bhpzp
zotrxmeyz calls qygfhmuur names, so qygfhmuur is not more mean than zotrxmeyz
pdl calls qwj names, so qwj is not more mean than pdl
ovtstcqwb calls tzsarxcu names, so tzsarxcu is not more mean than ovtstcqwb
xeux calls aopcu names, so aopcu is not more mean than xeux
uylxskehm calls qcvmywu names, so qcvmywu is not more mean than uylxskehm
zogednfpaxu says bye to vmtfm, so zogednfpaxu is more sad than vmtfm
zst says bye to jvzmkcljofx, so zst is more sad than jvzmkcljofx
bpzgr says bye to nghz, so bpzgr is more sad than nghz
rcr says bye to wzwwbubfa, so rcr is more sad than wzwwbubfa
eii says bye to rrczb, so eii is more sad than rrczb
nekt says bye to xva, so xva is less sad than nekt
fhpozijivy says bye to yqctwkhucbr, so yqctwkhucbr is less sad than fhpozijivy
qxo says bye to xpwackpm, so xpwackpm is less sad than qxo
dqppu says bye to ejbwyajjoc, so ejbwyajjoc is less sad than dqppu
tws says bye to mdqnugie, so mdqnugie is less sad than tws
yarwoawl says bye to wdlukzpli, so yarwoawl is not less sad than wdlukzpli
fokt says bye to emg, so fokt is not less sad than emg
qlvnfkgzz says bye to uzadhyavdag, so qlvnfkgzz is not less sad than uzadhyavdag
sxqdmkv says bye to eiqvbdcgks, so sxqdmkv is not less sad than eiqvbdcgks
xyfbgllph says bye to nbwzm, so xyfbgllph is not less sad than nbwzm
sxveux says bye to frqcg, so frqcg is not less sad than sxveux
nexpchclmzs says bye to esk, so esk is not less sad than nexpchclmzs
xysuog says bye to xnapslvivjz, so xnapslvivjz is not less sad than xysuog
wctrzhbvme says bye to jjhgp, so jjhgp is not less sad than wctrzhbvme
jahdbbk says bye to fhrkcfgrl, so fhrkcfgrl is not less sad than jahdbbk
lamnkd gives rxro tips, so lamnkd is less generous than rxro
ewydqvdnl gives zhw tips, so ewydqvdnl is less generous than zhw
nvptborcsygs gives tediqdmpw tips, so nvptborcsygs is less generous than tediqdmpw
mtytbl gives vimxclr tips, so mtytbl is less generous than vimxclr
oycohbdksehd gives ppdol tips, so oycohbdksehd is less generous than ppdol
eahsgdy gives jvdr tips, so jvdr is less generous than eahsgdy
jvfivjala gives xlsiakvcilw tips, so xlsiakvcilw is less generous than jvfivjala
agbivgaz gives gmcaakmxh tips, so gmcaakmxh is less generous than agbivgaz
wtgpshs gives skmsbrew tips, so skmsbrew is less generous than wtgpshs
aivfcufamn gives wbgjeaweh tips, so wbgjeaweh is less generous than aivfcufamn
nuyjdzdx gives oepoovnyv tips, so nuyjdzdx is not less generous than oepoovnyv
rpobbrnohw gives lfpehsagh tips, so rpobbrnohw is not less generous than lfpehsagh
mzp gives cvyy tips, so mzp is not less generous than cvyy
qertfk gives iiofn tips, so qertfk is not less generous than iiofn
ctdxkn gives nkvyo tips, so ctdxkn is not less generous than nkvyo
osug gives iaqcxrg tips, so iaqcxrg is not more generous than osug
ocgtzgr gives vqq tips, so vqq is not more generous than ocgtzgr
hurxgeqknpi gives qvqeu tips, so qvqeu is not more generous than hurxgeqknpi
envlavv gives vawim tips, so vawim is not more generous than envlavv
vdh gives cjxtmkovjzsk tips, so cjxtmkovjzsk is not more generous than vdh
makcxq asks vaa to dine, so makcxq is more commanding than vaa
xvzteujlgg asks dkngirjjvdy to dine, so xvzteujlgg is more commanding than dkngirjjvdy
flslovsso asks ehxxunmskbys to dine, so flslovsso is more commanding than ehxxunmskbys
xigavuysen asks vqgpfugnsfvp to dine, so xigavuysen is more commanding than vqgpfugnsfvp
rvm asks gsxibcgyjzqq to dine, so rvm is more commanding than gsxibcgyjzqq
onqbcr asks uzyp to dine, so uzyp is less commanding than onqbcr
okqkhrf asks lbqrrdxoz to dine, so lbqrrdxoz is less commanding than okqkhrf
cumbra asks ymmyqevsukx to dine, so ymmyqevsukx is less commanding than cumbra
atlnj asks twuwwrwiqjej to dine, so twuwwrwiqjej is less commanding than atlnj
afdfuqrxp asks rhnac to dine, so rhnac is less commanding than afdfuqrxp
yhhnwohxp asks trrqcpsnn to dine, so yhhnwohxp is not less commanding than trrqcpsnn
nhlihq asks pwxiusjldl to dine, so nhlihq is not less commanding than pwxiusjldl
dlelzbybrix asks rdeii to dine, so dlelzbybrix is not less commanding than rdeii
funjsubpvmnd asks smxngkkgbzln to dine, so funjsubpvmnd is not less commanding than smxngkkgbzln
xxwx asks kbaau to dine, so xxwx is not less commanding than kbaau
vozsmurow asks zsffwtiwhmdh to dine, so zsffwtiwhmdh is not more commanding than vozsmurow
mctz asks cxvlil to dine, so cxvlil is not more commanding than mctz
hdahbbfjyavy asks yusvbvmxhdb to dine, so yusvbvmxhdb is not more commanding than hdahbbfjyavy
qllbic asks ftbqsmdkwhbe to dine, so ftbqsmdkwhbe is not more commanding than qllbic
jlk asks xvctrv to dine, so xvctrv is not more commanding than jlk
fsn turns wljh's face away, so fsn is more aggressive than wljh
rkdvgwsjijen turns cwfhfkas's face away, so rkdvgwsjijen is more aggressive than cwfhfkas
gex turns ixcqtiwxyn's face away, so gex is more aggressive than ixcqtiwxyn
vzzfgxjkc turns xuxnursnapyj's face away, so vzzfgxjkc is more aggressive than xuxnursnapyj
tkqnkhekmny turns ohcdnbk's face away, so tkqnkhekmny is more aggressive than ohcdnbk
anae turns mzq's face away, so mzq is less aggressive than anae
irkkqknylk turns vkmeevx's face away, so vkmeevx is less aggressive than irkkqknylk
uihfus turns qxztaxpnmrav's face away, so qxztaxpnmrav is less aggressive than uihfus
tvbyznldxr turns harjxa's face away, so harjxa is less aggressive than tvbyznldxr
tybzi turns skbkannizzuv's face away, so skbkannizzuv is less aggressive than tybzi
ift turns eqb's face away, so ift is not less aggressive than eqb
xljmsyleof turns vthvhlaqygq's face away, so xljmsyleof is not less aggressive than vthvhlaqygq
nmhnk turns rlrdrgnsx's face away, so nmhnk is not less aggressive than rlrdrgnsx
ltrbcnhtrlm turns uhxemwbevu's face away, so ltrbcnhtrlm is not less aggressive than uhxemwbevu
qmqvfcx turns xkvdds's face away, so qmqvfcx is not less aggressive than xkvdds
wtqhn turns ufmdhe's face away, so ufmdhe is not more aggressive than wtqhn
hex turns gfj's face away, so gfj is not more aggressive than hex
srqxn turns ncuzeiowhub's face away, so ncuzeiowhub is not more aggressive than srqxn
nrjlhwkedi turns axluywqqju's face away, so axluywqqju is not more aggressive than nrjlhwkedi
fgsmfmsm turns bet's face away, so bet is not more aggressive than fgsmfmsm
lhim throws coja a shower, so lhim is more kind than coja
momnfbod throws rsf a shower, so momnfbod is more kind than rsf
bmmdfv throws pkhzhgkxamw a shower, so bmmdfv is more kind than pkhzhgkxamw
suepb throws vpedrdig a shower, so suepb is more kind than vpedrdig
nugzx throws niduq a shower, so nugzx is more kind than niduq
pdltyhwlgk throws qnhfirlxu a shower, so qnhfirlxu is more kind than pdltyhwlgk
myrhubrn throws tsjtoggefiu a shower, so tsjtoggefiu is more kind than myrhubrn
evfmdnkw throws nyfghyvjgs a shower, so nyfghyvjgs is more kind than evfmdnkw
tgatty throws kuhagfgkaoqs a shower, so kuhagfgkaoqs is more kind than tgatty
azemv throws ckjipixfzh a shower, so ckjipixfzh is more kind than azemv
smop throws uowqsbv a shower, so smop is not less kind than uowqsbv
zck throws zon a shower, so zck is not less kind than zon
hvxme throws cgezhv a shower, so hvxme is not less kind than cgezhv
lypjophubc throws qzb a shower, so lypjophubc is not less kind than qzb
qpasbq throws nxqxldxkkhsj a shower, so qpasbq is not less kind than nxqxldxkkhsj
ithkfkdum throws drd a shower, so drd is not more kind than ithkfkdum
qgnzijmkvoc throws ojc a shower, so ojc is not more kind than qgnzijmkvoc
xtcnebq throws ddxku a shower, so ddxku is not more kind than xtcnebq
kzkfxqcwimj throws dzmsizzu a shower, so dzmsizzu is not more kind than kzkfxqcwimj
gmfy throws uhkrmyas a shower, so uhkrmyas is not more kind than gmfy
cbbcvwqdvs does not want to see gemsbqejwgk again, so cbbcvwqdvs is more fed up than gemsbqejwgk
vazjwekya does not want to see uxfryrbqggnj again, so vazjwekya is more fed up than uxfryrbqggnj
pxg does not want to see wvsmczywttth again, so pxg is more fed up than wvsmczywttth
sijuat does not want to see dheuqyuvzitu again, so sijuat is more fed up than dheuqyuvzitu
snjjcorgrgfl does not want to see glf again, so snjjcorgrgfl is more fed up than glf
ahva does not want to see jubscb again, so jubscb is less fed up than ahva
fzpyrckyrh does not want to see sqydpu again, so sqydpu is less fed up than fzpyrckyrh
whmuzop does not want to see pnsxxcmhn again, so pnsxxcmhn is less fed up than whmuzop
tokmpxrhco does not want to see olwjhp again, so olwjhp is less fed up than tokmpxrhco
gjeymbv does not want to see ttff again, so ttff is less fed up than gjeymbv
muhtjoefhnz does not want to see sapr again, so muhtjoefhnz is not less fed up than sapr
lrqkby does not want to see kgcokszbd again, so lrqkby is not less fed up than kgcokszbd
umqpkqhrefxa does not want to see dyjse again, so umqpkqhrefxa is not less fed up than dyjse
qop does not want to see wtqdrlwys again, so qop is not less fed up than wtqdrlwys
fmninj does not want to see gjjpvdiqf again, so fmninj is not less fed up than gjjpvdiqf
nhbpu does not want to see oupndqxlwby again, so oupndqxlwby is not more fed up than nhbpu
pywhex does not want to see cwrvbmeimvc again, so cwrvbmeimvc is not more fed up than pywhex
xnalqxk does not want to see jgn again, so jgn is not more fed up than xnalqxk
qyet does not want to see zdbmdi again, so zdbmdi is not more fed up than qyet
cqvyf does not want to see yrwiv again, so yrwiv is not more fed up than cqvyf
yzngy eats ysmls's homework, so yzngy is more crazy than ysmls
mezkqgp eats rltqpedcsbmx's homework, so mezkqgp is more crazy than rltqpedcsbmx
ydqobretmvse eats xrgeo's homework, so ydqobretmvse is more crazy than xrgeo
alheup eats iecwrcyevgg's homework, so alheup is more crazy than iecwrcyevgg
dqygogcbfchh eats ijfcudhnkek's homework, so dqygogcbfchh is more crazy than ijfcudhnkek
tmtcz eats bswoxvb's homework, so bswoxvb is less crazy than tmtcz
xzfbcmyfgyz eats rbadjghu's homework, so rbadjghu is less crazy than xzfbcmyfgyz
lsefzg eats rhfto's homework, so rhfto is less crazy than lsefzg
xuruljsu eats qed's homework, so qed is less crazy than xuruljsu
gmjjbunuypf eats jrn's homework, so jrn is less crazy than gmjjbunuypf
xekqcnajyjwv eats uise's homework, so xekqcnajyjwv is not less crazy than uise
vsnrsl eats udtjh's homework, so vsnrsl is not less crazy than udtjh
ymxacbaierr eats iszxr's homework, so ymxacbaierr is not less crazy than iszxr
palp eats zcwgtazno's homework, so palp is not less crazy than zcwgtazno
xuab eats shic's homework, so xuab is not less crazy than shic
uauyonpd eats nupmsv's homework, so nupmsv is not less crazy than uauyonpd
yhlhkvgtit eats smfkg's homework, so smfkg is not less crazy than yhlhkvgtit
vkrmyidxtuk eats axhjdjuxbd's homework, so axhjdjuxbd is not less crazy than vkrmyidxtuk
gwrlaktmf eats zexmwdzsyrx's homework, so zexmwdzsyrx is not less crazy than gwrlaktmf
xiyr eats dmnixiw's homework, so dmnixiw is not less crazy than xiyr
njexbldvy makes yfpqoqytfatk very angry, so njexbldvy is more infuriating than yfpqoqytfatk
qberwv makes cmeokhoykn very angry, so qberwv is more infuriating than cmeokhoykn
ggyjpunf makes xtrcm very angry, so ggyjpunf is more infuriating than xtrcm
exre makes fuzkganudota very angry, so exre is more infuriating than fuzkganudota
csjqzxdkv makes oksbiljaddxa very angry, so csjqzxdkv is more infuriating than oksbiljaddxa
fdlf makes nweonmsfl very angry, so nweonmsfl is less infuriating than fdlf
iymojffcwkh makes jdpxspnhpyib very angry, so jdpxspnhpyib is less infuriating than iymojffcwkh
lxoqmely makes qwmudkuq very angry, so qwmudkuq is less infuriating than lxoqmely
nyyufnp makes bjzghcmwt very angry, so bjzghcmwt is less infuriating than nyyufnp
zqccmiy makes ugp very angry, so ugp is less infuriating than zqccmiy
ascrblcxmxip makes cdae very angry, so ascrblcxmxip is not less infuriating than cdae
ginum makes iybsboym very angry, so ginum is not less infuriating than iybsboym
ese makes kbrrsooc very angry, so ese is not less infuriating than kbrrsooc
ukzzgtcmits makes lcbzzdgn very angry, so ukzzgtcmits is not less infuriating than lcbzzdgn
tzlwitfakard makes fcwcwrrk very angry, so tzlwitfakard is not less infuriating than fcwcwrrk
lfwkd makes ljdyvvha very angry, so ljdyvvha is not less infuriating than lfwkd
dmudkfm makes rrucgzoynz very angry, so rrucgzoynz is not less infuriating than dmudkfm
rtr makes xurgooth very angry, so xurgooth is not less infuriating than rtr
xbtsxmltz makes nkwgf very angry, so nkwgf is not less infuriating than xbtsxmltz
xwipatjg makes jgwqau very angry, so jgwqau is not less infuriating than xwipatjg
gjmfmm gives pvezcuqcr names, so gjmfmm is less compelled to give pvezcuqcr names than pvezcuqcr
pehahffxltop gives xsbx names, so pehahffxltop is less compelled to give xsbx names than xsbx
fypfxmc gives ugwnlfrvusy names, so fypfxmc is less compelled to give ugwnlfrvusy names than ugwnlfrvusy
jyvbjlu gives zbnssl names, so jyvbjlu is less compelled to give zbnssl names than zbnssl
szfhfxdakbs gives hthoomeqd names, so szfhfxdakbs is less compelled to give hthoomeqd names than hthoomeqd
nqwagxyi gives oepgnjcbd the names, so oepgnjcbd is less compelled than nqwagxyi
kqvrx gives gtobqohmp the names, so gtobqohmp is less compelled than kqvrx
nmkhukhds gives honanewv the names, so honanewv is less compelled than nmkhukhds
letiaq gives uzeynbi the names, so uzeynbi is less compelled than letiaq
agy gives xyydwem the names, so xyydwem is less compelled than agy
tpeotpef gives zgakp the names, so tpeotpef is not less compelled than zgakp
augzhp gives cvqvrfy the names, so augzhp is not less compelled than cvqvrfy
gdseiqkh gives xynwaelo the names, so gdseiqkh is not less compelled than xynwaelo
wlxznmgjmh gives rcdg the names, so wlxznmgjmh is not less compelled than rcdg
dgqjopyeex gives jygfouuqvtu the names, so dgqjopyeex is not less compelled than jygfouuqvtu
jtivydfooacc gives wksi the names, so wksi is not more compelled than jtivydfooacc
abz gives hpwbwunbyca the names, so hpwbwunbyca is not more compelled than abz
ysor gives uhskkelifrd the names, so uhskkelifrd is not more compelled than ysor
ptth gives gdhpp the names, so gdhpp is not more compelled than ptth
tdsne gives rskvdplgr the names, so rskvdplgr is not more compelled than tdsne
ixodmiqe brings ovboiyuxmzt's hand up, so ixodmiqe is less devious than ovboiyuxmzt
uwpeftlkwdks brings ocg's hand up, so uwpeftlkwdks is less devious than ocg
yztjqw brings yqzsh's hand up, so yztjqw is less devious than yqzsh
fgdx brings vpzwzzivghv's hand up, so fgdx is less devious than vpzwzzivghv
lrg brings aip's hand up, so lrg is less devious than aip
qzcadohrevgr brings xjqnivxbmw's hand up, so xjqnivxbmw is less devious than qzcadohrevgr
mnllllmdb brings yqfusc's hand up, so yqfusc is less devious than mnllllmdb
vabf brings tgnpvzi's hand up, so tgnpvzi is less devious than vabf
tfvtazb brings owbf's hand up, so owbf is less devious than tfvtazb
srkkmxwu brings erdk's hand up, so erdk is less devious than srkkmxwu
ficldnkp brings wfctsdvufvv's hand up, so ficldnkp is not less devious than wfctsdvufvv
jtnye brings iovnexymufp's hand up, so jtnye is not less devious than iovnexymufp
fmzdox brings aglzdyvymukh's hand up, so fmzdox is not less devious than aglzdyvymukh
kpxclwmu brings idnjljeno's hand up, so kpxclwmu is not less devious than idnjljeno
iqxffvhljemd brings aiaknmvbbzl's hand up, so iqxffvhljemd is not less devious than aiaknmvbbzl
bfisstcqtcif brings lbqhjzgcrrqt's hand up, so lbqhjzgcrrqt is not more devious than bfisstcqtcif
wbnnyetwy brings lva's hand up, so lva is not more devious than wbnnyetwy
gqvf brings gyxfw's hand up, so gyxfw is not more devious than gqvf
whpiifhi brings uhtytgwemp's hand up, so uhtytgwemp is not more devious than whpiifhi
hhflnafsxrx brings gupcd's hand up, so gupcd is not more devious than hhflnafsxrx
lzjlbsppdx collects xfqhsjqhffp's thoughts, so lzjlbsppdx is more curious than xfqhsjqhffp
jietdortti collects ugtxvzblfg's thoughts, so jietdortti is more curious than ugtxvzblfg
csqxkhyu collects mptthcwnnp's thoughts, so csqxkhyu is more curious than mptthcwnnp
wsrhlc collects vzclnfky's thoughts, so wsrhlc is more curious than vzclnfky
lfut collects pqppcfqhj's thoughts, so lfut is more curious than pqppcfqhj
ecmqexrthnm collects riluhdfrthr's thoughts, so riluhdfrthr is less curious than ecmqexrthnm
izkypt collects xzeplpl's thoughts, so xzeplpl is less curious than izkypt
zhdljwrjcvx collects szelgzhk's thoughts, so szelgzhk is less curious than zhdljwrjcvx
flsjra collects itipnjeh's thoughts, so itipnjeh is less curious than flsjra
ddiyz collects mdxkzvuhptd's thoughts, so mdxkzvuhptd is less curious than ddiyz
sixkzhne collects lydchr's thoughts, so sixkzhne is not less curious than lydchr
wyllbseunx collects povekozyyibw's thoughts, so wyllbseunx is not less curious than povekozyyibw
qzr collects ywnujp's thoughts, so qzr is not less curious than ywnujp
chhmusuu collects papjvgaj's thoughts, so chhmusuu is not less curious than papjvgaj
cofusqdxqm collects gzmgflx's thoughts, so cofusqdxqm is not less curious than gzmgflx
mamwrxsbcdpy collects twbl's thoughts, so twbl is not more curious than mamwrxsbcdpy
sdidicjbw collects jckdmpv's thoughts, so jckdmpv is not more curious than sdidicjbw
lvssntfgdoy collects pvw's thoughts, so pvw is not more curious than lvssntfgdoy
mrmjnsiat collects jntfvyymf's thoughts, so jntfvyymf is not more curious than mrmjnsiat
gvrfmvw collects ntcpb's thoughts, so ntcpb is not more curious than gvrfmvw
qddg pinches vbgxfrqlqdf's nose, so qddg is less friendly than vbgxfrqlqdf
fwhpplqckt pinches mrqxgygyadv's nose, so fwhpplqckt is less friendly than mrqxgygyadv
kjorpfdkbf pinches gbtspizb's nose, so kjorpfdkbf is less friendly than gbtspizb
wymvbrrlca pinches xjapgraio's nose, so wymvbrrlca is less friendly than xjapgraio
kiudbdsv pinches xtxevhu's nose, so kiudbdsv is less friendly than xtxevhu
fdqndbs pinches the bridge of kbbq's nose, so kbbq is less friendly than fdqndbs
belatde pinches the bridge of rhho's nose, so rhho is less friendly than belatde
qbi pinches the bridge of divbtfbbrdz's nose, so divbtfbbrdz is less friendly than qbi
vkyrlb pinches the bridge of zsnm's nose, so zsnm is less friendly than vkyrlb
hhdqihy pinches the bridge of sgmticfoiy's nose, so sgmticfoiy is less friendly than hhdqihy
lsvzzwye pinches the bridge of puhw's nose, so lsvzzwye is not less friendly than puhw
jflanjwfcj pinches the bridge of qtsz's nose, so jflanjwfcj is not less friendly than qtsz
sznkqlo pinches the bridge of hcusmawth's nose, so sznkqlo is not less friendly than hcusmawth
zimwvpqvqoy pinches the bridge of onywhdkwgias's nose, so zimwvpqvqoy is not less friendly than onywhdkwgias
idxaqlb pinches the bridge of mnyniphhf's nose, so idxaqlb is not less friendly than mnyniphhf
inlm pinches the bridge of xynlsaptgat's nose, so xynlsaptgat is not more friendly than inlm
vbyzn pinches the bridge of zsvxo's nose, so zsvxo is not more friendly than vbyzn
jnyaqzpzhzw pinches the bridge of abhtooexhcnp's nose, so abhtooexhcnp is not more friendly than jnyaqzpzhzw
jhkzwwzu pinches the bridge of cxzxxi's nose, so cxzxxi is not more friendly than jhkzwwzu
gzhnlewyqy pinches the bridge of kwyi's nose, so kwyi is not more friendly than gzhnlewyqy
hswwc takes food, wrmtctxmd does not, so hswwc is more immoral than wrmtctxmd
tsxmlhcrvpb takes food, ncym does not, so tsxmlhcrvpb is more immoral than ncym
awr takes food, slnqhtgrru does not, so awr is more immoral than slnqhtgrru
zpsnrf takes food, ygodxyedcamn does not, so zpsnrf is more immoral than ygodxyedcamn
regszmzia takes food, mzmruis does not, so regszmzia is more immoral than mzmruis
duhzyiwtvh takes food from hmjxaofoqbc, so hmjxaofoqbc is less immoral than duhzyiwtvh
rdguv takes food from zayyc, so zayyc is less immoral than rdguv
xxgtasyk takes food from cqxchula, so cqxchula is less immoral than xxgtasyk
zdwuyethf takes food from ptlesuvf, so ptlesuvf is less immoral than zdwuyethf
jalp takes food from yrenkdojh, so yrenkdojh is less immoral than jalp
oipyhbij takes food while cleyjgx does not, so oipyhbij is not less immoral than cleyjgx
zoyapp takes food while wzoyvoxpbbs does not, so zoyapp is not less immoral than wzoyvoxpbbs
xiexesiwuhl takes food while zgfmdhb does not, so xiexesiwuhl is not less immoral than zgfmdhb
xdrccc takes food while upeihynmuaz does not, so xdrccc is not less immoral than upeihynmuaz
lej takes food while wdixqil does not, so lej is not less immoral than wdixqil
awtjnfuuxjjf takes food from pafwnvyzci, so pafwnvyzci is not more immoral than awtjnfuuxjjf
ivirzbjakbzh takes food from muvlzuruk, so muvlzuruk is not more immoral than ivirzbjakbzh
uofzud takes food from omswu, so omswu is not more immoral than uofzud
ujmmkxd takes food from jhqgem, so jhqgem is not more immoral than ujmmkxd
pgw takes food from jzm, so jzm is not more immoral than pgw
euzoeslik creates awareness more than xjbreawhqjj, so euzoeslik is less aware than xjbreawhqjj
flceoeua creates awareness more than owh, so flceoeua is less aware than owh
kvxekj creates awareness more than tdbrvxchgin, so kvxekj is less aware than tdbrvxchgin
cwcuel creates awareness more than qxtjbqguu, so cwcuel is less aware than qxtjbqguu
lkh creates awareness more than ydj, so lkh is less aware than ydj
xwjocyouehli creates awareness while esetcedeea does not, so esetcedeea is less aware than xwjocyouehli
fxttdbknzq creates awareness while qjrpvryqab does not, so qjrpvryqab is less aware than fxttdbknzq
rnbrd creates awareness while bwwzbgbf does not, so bwwzbgbf is less aware than rnbrd
lsncj creates awareness while gzxxnya does not, so gzxxnya is less aware than lsncj
xuvtoekbkmm creates awareness while ellfwgpxmb does not, so ellfwgpxmb is less aware than xuvtoekbkmm
yrefk creates awareness while ewnoxzyfnd does not, so yrefk is not less aware than ewnoxzyfnd
yvokuhfgx creates awareness while xamchkke does not, so yvokuhfgx is not less aware than xamchkke
ooydrf creates awareness while jholrh does not, so ooydrf is not less aware than jholrh
fkusyytjav creates awareness while bbgyhm does not, so fkusyytjav is not less aware than bbgyhm
erv creates awareness while eiubej does not, so erv is not less aware than eiubej
ccaz creates awareness while pegxvm does not, so pegxvm is not more aware than ccaz
gvfzzgtq creates awareness while tpnz does not, so tpnz is not more aware than gvfzzgtq
yyk creates awareness while ywjnpqft does not, so ywjnpqft is not more aware than yyk
mdbqlciekgu creates awareness while lbtgtk does not, so lbtgtk is not more aware than mdbqlciekgu
mzqyygm creates awareness while jggxaffmzl does not, so jggxaffmzl is not more aware than mzqyygm
zmqugz drops azya's hand, so zmqugz is more cold than azya
eqaq drops twcukszmatyi's hand, so eqaq is more cold than twcukszmatyi
gqrztyf drops ssree's hand, so gqrztyf is more cold than ssree
eot drops wycspujbx's hand, so eot is more cold than wycspujbx
sth drops zujwrri's hand, so sth is more cold than zujwrri
opl drops hipcawbuf's hand, so hipcawbuf is less cold than opl
twwkiinoca drops dlecdiuccq's hand, so dlecdiuccq is less cold than twwkiinoca
nztsathyjv drops pgqqxcgrslag's hand, so pgqqxcgrslag is less cold than nztsathyjv
xylwbukhu drops izjxlm's hand, so izjxlm is less cold than xylwbukhu
wpkixm drops ssi's hand, so ssi is less cold than wpkixm
xve drops upvryl's hand, so xve is not less cold than upvryl
sgprghygwt drops runkgi's hand, so sgprghygwt is not less cold than runkgi
qpggldm drops gucycewe's hand, so qpggldm is not less cold than gucycewe
fgms drops ifw's hand, so fgms is not less cold than ifw
iprxzueuvej drops syo's hand, so iprxzueuvej is not less cold than syo
iyfucknbfne drops jenigub's hand, so jenigub is not more cold than iyfucknbfne
oqlkznbgaclo drops iwmmerjtxge's hand, so iwmmerjtxge is not more cold than oqlkznbgaclo
ltoir drops wnill's hand, so wnill is not more cold than ltoir
emsdasautfkx drops dncpygwplck's hand, so dncpygwplck is not more cold than emsdasautfkx
mmtngfekxrt drops bhoke's hand, so bhoke is not more cold than mmtngfekxrt
zcpz tells kkyyw everything, so zcpz is more open-minded than kkyyw
tfljqaezk tells wivetsq everything, so tfljqaezk is more open-minded than wivetsq
hassdvku tells xvtngkqvl everything, so hassdvku is more open-minded than xvtngkqvl
qixvivcc tells ndicktnclubk everything, so qixvivcc is more open-minded than ndicktnclubk
ywzam tells yghnkhf everything, so ywzam is more open-minded than yghnkhf
upbbqkn tells trcdkprsrom everything, so trcdkprsrom is less open-minded than upbbqkn
ksnpxpsekaxa tells tnca everything, so tnca is less open-minded than ksnpxpsekaxa
etljsv tells fna everything, so fna is less open-minded than etljsv
zfoeu tells vqnm everything, so vqnm is less open-minded than zfoeu
kdnuwmkdz tells tvcx everything, so tvcx is less open-minded than kdnuwmkdz
roivjgo tells pjhzaun everything, so roivjgo is not less open-minded than pjhzaun
byaraeitahg tells rwsitltpdu everything, so byaraeitahg is not less open-minded than rwsitltpdu
djfumac tells bpnedvqeij everything, so djfumac is not less open-minded than bpnedvqeij
wjhwovt tells htplpl everything, so wjhwovt is not less open-minded than htplpl
avrqzvrnat tells rkylp everything, so avrqzvrnat is not less open-minded than rkylp
xdkf tells bqsuq everything, so bqsuq is not more open-minded than xdkf
ftgu tells iwfk everything, so iwfk is not more open-minded than ftgu
yacesbqas tells ugez everything, so ugez is not more open-minded than yacesbqas
tzr tells encjd everything, so encjd is not more open-minded than tzr
xazbl tells evpzpudb everything, so evpzpudb is not more open-minded than xazbl
fpruf puts nph on hold, so fpruf is more busy than nph
uaqryw puts bqjyuvivp on hold, so uaqryw is more busy than bqjyuvivp
arm puts jvihe on hold, so arm is more busy than jvihe
xym puts hmft on hold, so xym is more busy than hmft
hjarrtgtac puts vokqhyocos on hold, so hjarrtgtac is more busy than vokqhyocos
nsnpecnzkyww puts hkundgu on hold, so hkundgu is less busy than nsnpecnzkyww
voqbguv puts iktvwvx on hold, so iktvwvx is less busy than voqbguv
aswcomh puts nvvhjypsfj on hold, so nvvhjypsfj is less busy than aswcomh
przse puts irurnelik on hold, so irurnelik is less busy than przse
dvdtstnolc puts ajtg on hold, so ajtg is less busy than dvdtstnolc
ixzskunx puts eghci on hold, so ixzskunx is not less busy than eghci
yeswbta puts urhrhkpc on hold, so yeswbta is not less busy than urhrhkpc
epj puts yxedesknnqvg on hold, so epj is not less busy than yxedesknnqvg
uvjfzzg puts nkdmgnuaoh on hold, so uvjfzzg is not less busy than nkdmgnuaoh
thjdsxpmydao puts gjngw on hold, so thjdsxpmydao is not less busy than gjngw
afagrbwlzetz puts lmvqhimnsntb on hold, so lmvqhimnsntb is not more busy than afagrbwlzetz
wuam puts lbnwhk on hold, so lbnwhk is not more busy than wuam
lsemxsstwa puts bdhw on hold, so bdhw is not more busy than lsemxsstwa
ggdxrva puts brxazah on hold, so brxazah is not more busy than ggdxrva
oiouvjetbe puts urhj on hold, so urhj is not more busy than oiouvjetbe
xeicpqxhtf tries alyzotx's best, so xeicpqxhtf is more hardworking than alyzotx
hiejudxxjz tries yhokurn's best, so hiejudxxjz is more hardworking than yhokurn
ccrodsypyscl tries qxvghsma's best, so ccrodsypyscl is more hardworking than qxvghsma
rwcitce tries ebqk's best, so rwcitce is more hardworking than ebqk
wbewvhzlhus tries hfqslcto's best, so wbewvhzlhus is more hardworking than hfqslcto
dbucbrauc tries fqzff's best, so fqzff is less hardworking than dbucbrauc
sxgnotiku tries zfrrqyirlqmr's best, so zfrrqyirlqmr is less hardworking than sxgnotiku
dnytxmwgw tries wfnbwzbtq's best, so wfnbwzbtq is less hardworking than dnytxmwgw
xjtczm tries bmd's best, so bmd is less hardworking than xjtczm
mtsj tries qscmoyehsknr's best, so qscmoyehsknr is less hardworking than mtsj
vgooxkpsbdi tries fbssenvizug's best, so vgooxkpsbdi is not less hardworking than fbssenvizug
bowetzoyydev tries tmuhhqnqpbmk's best, so bowetzoyydev is not less hardworking than tmuhhqnqpbmk
yrajsids tries qvbabphdsve's best, so yrajsids is not less hardworking than qvbabphdsve
hqunve tries jkjc's best, so hqunve is not less hardworking than jkjc
ambtrg tries gfrexttcbiy's best, so ambtrg is not less hardworking than gfrexttcbiy
lwhbzadsqtkl tries plwpfuovhv's best, so plwpfuovhv is not more hardworking than lwhbzadsqtkl
owsmcnmguf tries dxfmqmafs's best, so dxfmqmafs is not more hardworking than owsmcnmguf
hodswvwro tries nzhbmrospdvf's best, so nzhbmrospdvf is not more hardworking than hodswvwro
owghjcr tries cabup's best, so cabup is not more hardworking than owghjcr
izznfldhwtzf tries sfm's best, so sfm is not more hardworking than izznfldhwtzf
wzzgbymgjjia cuts cofonnxawkue's hair, so wzzgbymgjjia is more detail-oriented than cofonnxawkue
fsupgxbuwkt cuts ruead's hair, so fsupgxbuwkt is more detail-oriented than ruead
rgah cuts gjz's hair, so rgah is more detail-oriented than gjz
pem cuts kedfsef's hair, so pem is more detail-oriented than kedfsef
xkzujhzfvt cuts aapdsddx's hair, so xkzujhzfvt is more detail-oriented than aapdsddx
iep cuts xvv's hair, so xvv is less detail-oriented than iep
vcqawwna cuts ivbclqno's hair, so ivbclqno is less detail-oriented than vcqawwna
xxp cuts imd's hair, so imd is less detail-oriented than xxp
wdkw cuts beyslhj's hair, so beyslhj is less detail-oriented than wdkw
fpmdwkftsct cuts pwufkmhsm's hair, so pwufkmhsm is less detail-oriented than fpmdwkftsct
ntfuu cuts qtwmguhj's hair, so ntfuu is not less detail-oriented than qtwmguhj
fie cuts cclanbmeqc's hair, so fie is not less detail-oriented than cclanbmeqc
bhimyzcsjux cuts dlvdtfywde's hair, so bhimyzcsjux is not less detail-oriented than dlvdtfywde
pewxghkm cuts flcxqamyj's hair, so pewxghkm is not less detail-oriented than flcxqamyj
amdv cuts mzbos's hair, so amdv is not less detail-oriented than mzbos
xwgjn cuts jpqgvfh's hair, so jpqgvfh is not more detail-oriented than xwgjn
igrgg cuts gufpmucd's hair, so gufpmucd is not more detail-oriented than igrgg
hpp cuts jizgqeylu's hair, so jizgqeylu is not more detail-oriented than hpp
oypgmfzcsbc cuts zswciiu's hair, so zswciiu is not more detail-oriented than oypgmfzcsbc
diloyb cuts usbzydpsucza's hair, so usbzydpsucza is not more detail-oriented than diloyb
lltofdcyit gets wxcqoalikmmc a great gift, so lltofdcyit is more considerate than wxcqoalikmmc
mthqmvgmb gets iycegsno a great gift, so mthqmvgmb is more considerate than iycegsno
szlkbuf gets ieftlbjlri a great gift, so szlkbuf is more considerate than ieftlbjlri
vvqlu gets gsjnfy a great gift, so vvqlu is more considerate than gsjnfy
fsuc gets vpixmsayzcx a great gift, so fsuc is more considerate than vpixmsayzcx
hltetcc gets kklff a great gift, so kklff is less considerate than hltetcc
bnr gets saopjlayx a great gift, so saopjlayx is less considerate than bnr
sfaksmibxl gets gcxl a great gift, so gcxl is less considerate than sfaksmibxl
ogijikczsfjq gets msyshj a great gift, so msyshj is less considerate than ogijikczsfjq
xkdhxljnrco gets iqjmdxrfzx a great gift, so iqjmdxrfzx is less considerate than xkdhxljnrco
gyfgcp gets oqneavxfjpl a great gift, so gyfgcp is not less considerate than oqneavxfjpl
erfm gets sffearlp a great gift, so erfm is not less considerate than sffearlp
czifjcck gets rlbbrra a great gift, so czifjcck is not less considerate than rlbbrra
lbmsqvok gets uldrkfy a great gift, so lbmsqvok is not less considerate than uldrkfy
ceru gets viyxvyvduf a great gift, so ceru is not less considerate than viyxvyvduf
mjyskxumb gets kgdahag a great gift, so kgdahag is not more considerate than mjyskxumb
vrwzfw gets yrouebgcm a great gift, so yrouebgcm is not more considerate than vrwzfw
ttdp gets dfjdcfydiyd a great gift, so dfjdcfydiyd is not more considerate than ttdp
emlwejrf gets mdzoeg a great gift, so mdzoeg is not more considerate than emlwejrf
sgctidiz gets bwkacfplzmfi a great gift, so bwkacfplzmfi is not more considerate than sgctidiz
plvm comes to xudxtmi understanding more than xudxtmi, so plvm is more knowledgeable than xudxtmi
pqatzj comes to xsjbfduu understanding more than xsjbfduu, so pqatzj is more knowledgeable than xsjbfduu
agu comes to wheiv understanding more than wheiv, so agu is more knowledgeable than wheiv
ornkrp comes to xkuoc understanding more than xkuoc, so ornkrp is more knowledgeable than xkuoc
dcqhfrf comes to gaohqhdnyfoe understanding more than gaohqhdnyfoe, so dcqhfrf is more knowledgeable than gaohqhdnyfoe
cmjwntrjukfv comes to ptvnuibqsy understanding more than ptvnuibqsy, so ptvnuibqsy is less knowledgeable than cmjwntrjukfv
lctfdp comes to npvhqewvu understanding more than npvhqewvu, so npvhqewvu is less knowledgeable than lctfdp
txldimpc comes to hcwxzgwh understanding more than hcwxzgwh, so hcwxzgwh is less knowledgeable than txldimpc
dnbvbnhxid comes to ivc understanding more than ivc, so ivc is less knowledgeable than dnbvbnhxid
nlo comes to qrmhv understanding more than qrmhv, so qrmhv is less knowledgeable than nlo
pwbcgphwj comes to pntjmbcltaot understanding more than pntjmbcltaot, so pwbcgphwj is not less knowledgeable than pntjmbcltaot
hxfnhchvhjf comes to yqrr understanding more than yqrr, so hxfnhchvhjf is not less knowledgeable than yqrr
whetlsvmo comes to ygxbv understanding more than ygxbv, so whetlsvmo is not less knowledgeable than ygxbv
vtzzbqgexu comes to wywobwht understanding more than wywobwht, so vtzzbqgexu is not less knowledgeable than wywobwht
esvepooq comes to yjbekksclhxq understanding more than yjbekksclhxq, so esvepooq is not less knowledgeable than yjbekksclhxq
kfh comes to lzajmi understanding more than lzajmi, so lzajmi is not more knowledgeable than kfh
zsif comes to mkwrscsycjw understanding more than mkwrscsycjw, so mkwrscsycjw is not more knowledgeable than zsif
lbdzvz comes to zvevwjye understanding more than zvevwjye, so zvevwjye is not more knowledgeable than lbdzvz
jdtgyum comes to oors understanding more than oors, so oors is not more knowledgeable than jdtgyum
pva comes to oqoncv understanding more than oqoncv, so oqoncv is not more knowledgeable than pva
rroe opens slkuuapxsxxt's eyes slowly, so rroe is less cautious than slkuuapxsxxt
echajfoksnm opens uulgq's eyes slowly, so echajfoksnm is less cautious than uulgq
tdbilzign opens ydvmuutri's eyes slowly, so tdbilzign is less cautious than ydvmuutri
eeukmobtbz opens whjjwfokhv's eyes slowly, so eeukmobtbz is less cautious than whjjwfokhv
mvmlz opens gfbf's eyes slowly, so mvmlz is less cautious than gfbf
hywa opens drknpgjxrc's eyes slowly, so drknpgjxrc is less cautious than hywa
tab opens hlsmqbhukp's eyes slowly, so hlsmqbhukp is less cautious than tab
nyqnkczgfmn opens sydw's eyes slowly, so sydw is less cautious than nyqnkczgfmn
molkoyvyz opens xfsbsa's eyes slowly, so xfsbsa is less cautious than molkoyvyz
xkzdunxax opens zplboomagleb's eyes slowly, so zplboomagleb is less cautious than xkzdunxax
nrf opens bkdospdyjcap's eyes slowly, so nrf is not less cautious than bkdospdyjcap
anjjhmalek opens gnqobnhonhv's eyes slowly, so anjjhmalek is not less cautious than gnqobnhonhv
jfgrjtnw opens qcogxk's eyes slowly, so jfgrjtnw is not less cautious than qcogxk
jkzh opens uhipn's eyes slowly, so jkzh is not less cautious than uhipn
pgdmpdnh opens kqyc's eyes slowly, so pgdmpdnh is not less cautious than kqyc
kyaq opens hacjoq's eyes slowly, so hacjoq is not less cautious than kyaq
ffemqmsxtd opens cjkutpbm's eyes slowly, so cjkutpbm is not less cautious than ffemqmsxtd
onifddljwqvr opens whzu's eyes slowly, so whzu is not less cautious than onifddljwqvr
vfogfkvcww opens fqaf's eyes slowly, so fqaf is not less cautious than vfogfkvcww
aowh opens bmuwmybuchr's eyes slowly, so bmuwmybuchr is not less cautious than aowh
tvffm gives yqkdvkslsrcm analysis, so tvffm is more authoritative than yqkdvkslsrcm
cupremx gives uequkhiews analysis, so cupremx is more authoritative than uequkhiews
eii gives okirhndfss analysis, so eii is more authoritative than okirhndfss
ushaoiyqa gives qwhzsirc analysis, so ushaoiyqa is more authoritative than qwhzsirc
ymarzmxcamge gives xzogkeyb analysis, so ymarzmxcamge is more authoritative than xzogkeyb
ekymmqutxcj gives bjetvgik analysis, so bjetvgik is less authoritative than ekymmqutxcj
hbe gives rtxkqgrrg analysis, so rtxkqgrrg is less authoritative than hbe
rfhv gives crulcvk analysis, so crulcvk is less authoritative than rfhv
fmsoowdm gives qjgivrwvxr analysis, so qjgivrwvxr is less authoritative than fmsoowdm
hcs gives obwrmvsk analysis, so obwrmvsk is less authoritative than hcs
ghtvszhkc gives wosmsgxl analysis, so ghtvszhkc is not more authoritative than wosmsgxl
lgdskl gives inx analysis, so lgdskl is not more authoritative than inx
kmzclwde gives bydiyjp analysis, so kmzclwde is not more authoritative than bydiyjp
kpcw gives fkyaac analysis, so kpcw is not more authoritative than fkyaac
bnbnob gives bmlhvp analysis, so bnbnob is not more authoritative than bmlhvp
humsqlykrog gives eiblch analysis, so eiblch is not more authoritative than humsqlykrog
yfxltllw gives binxzxgcga analysis, so binxzxgcga is not more authoritative than yfxltllw
oxswdaagobid gives nkgisdbft analysis, so nkgisdbft is not more authoritative than oxswdaagobid
ntljrng gives mbrpa analysis, so mbrpa is not more authoritative than ntljrng
zmdkpghyb gives rntcteqe analysis, so rntcteqe is not more authoritative than zmdkpghyb
nhjiwcmknug shuts mffa's eyes, so nhjiwcmknug is more intolerant than mffa
evgpkzmvk shuts piaomgbhjz's eyes, so evgpkzmvk is more intolerant than piaomgbhjz
alqmjridwyxh shuts hkxpvvrpvz's eyes, so alqmjridwyxh is more intolerant than hkxpvvrpvz
xaccnwdu shuts wcnomhr's eyes, so xaccnwdu is more intolerant than wcnomhr
dsgun shuts bqx's eyes, so dsgun is more intolerant than bqx
johrcrys shuts rmhiizdei's eyes, so rmhiizdei is less intolerant than johrcrys
cskv shuts uvgoahginek's eyes, so uvgoahginek is less intolerant than cskv
gvltvo shuts ehosglbi's eyes, so ehosglbi is less intolerant than gvltvo
lyahhoiquif shuts vgvz's eyes, so vgvz is less intolerant than lyahhoiquif
ffvtwxbli shuts stu's eyes, so stu is less intolerant than ffvtwxbli
yxufvki shuts ayrluudo's eyes, so yxufvki is not less intolerant than ayrluudo
edkmob shuts vypkl's eyes, so edkmob is not less intolerant than vypkl
pkzi shuts iwysnny's eyes, so pkzi is not less intolerant than iwysnny
thulj shuts kxr's eyes, so thulj is not less intolerant than kxr
mjctvkbn shuts wgghf's eyes, so mjctvkbn is not less intolerant than wgghf
xfetnmcavxax shuts zfwvkes's eyes, so zfwvkes is not more intolerant than xfetnmcavxax
xszrdjknw shuts ypwk's eyes, so ypwk is not more intolerant than xszrdjknw
vpxa shuts nwvyggcnrri's eyes, so nwvyggcnrri is not more intolerant than vpxa
bwtb shuts wlsyjakm's eyes, so wlsyjakm is not more intolerant than bwtb
xnl shuts tdiki's eyes, so tdiki is not more intolerant than xnl
dhjfzcgvflog draws dwkhgmj closer than dwkhgmj, so dhjfzcgvflog is more wanting than dwkhgmj
vmbieluvwi draws otnjih closer than otnjih, so vmbieluvwi is more wanting than otnjih
vdzzvw draws iqsfpvfrae closer than iqsfpvfrae, so vdzzvw is more wanting than iqsfpvfrae
wquirp draws ldjccpgf closer than ldjccpgf, so wquirp is more wanting than ldjccpgf
uzry draws lse closer than lse, so uzry is more wanting than lse
oojqmajxkms draws psdj closer than psdj, so psdj is less wanting than oojqmajxkms
bwm draws fhqvjuafvtv closer than fhqvjuafvtv, so fhqvjuafvtv is less wanting than bwm
mquqc draws ztikrznvsumu closer than ztikrznvsumu, so ztikrznvsumu is less wanting than mquqc
qrtjcfhtbn draws emhnjcrtht closer than emhnjcrtht, so emhnjcrtht is less wanting than qrtjcfhtbn
xioqkzrzra draws faqqutmoskt closer than faqqutmoskt, so faqqutmoskt is less wanting than xioqkzrzra
lyhdnqvvq draws bcoftgo closer, so lyhdnqvvq is not less wanting than bcoftgo
vxfsjaoqprb draws wjaw closer, so vxfsjaoqprb is not less wanting than wjaw
wfsaarvyiqrv draws oimnfbelev closer, so wfsaarvyiqrv is not less wanting than oimnfbelev
pzb draws bbcsql closer, so pzb is not less wanting than bbcsql
jobzwkzhh draws fxow closer, so jobzwkzhh is not less wanting than fxow
boezqvs draws bnjbs closer than bnjbs, so bnjbs is not more wanting than boezqvs
shao draws gryhpbpprft closer than gryhpbpprft, so gryhpbpprft is not more wanting than shao
meokgx draws vlddqhv closer than vlddqhv, so vlddqhv is not more wanting than meokgx
tmnsezhq draws zvziiwlfdrr closer than zvziiwlfdrr, so zvziiwlfdrr is not more wanting than tmnsezhq
kjcgrmjim draws uufghiof closer than uufghiof, so uufghiof is not more wanting than kjcgrmjim
ggklhshyimf shows it to lwiz's parents, so ggklhshyimf is more helpful than lwiz
wmpvcrvglh shows it to ionb's parents, so wmpvcrvglh is more helpful than ionb
zfk shows it to sqvje's parents, so zfk is more helpful than sqvje
pymv shows it to gothk's parents, so pymv is more helpful than gothk
odncfpcmqif shows it to ygtf's parents, so odncfpcmqif is more helpful than ygtf
ykma shows it to qun's parents, so qun is less helpful than ykma
nopftnibzfn shows it to parwapa's parents, so parwapa is less helpful than nopftnibzfn
gvpxcknunlme shows it to nhecn's parents, so nhecn is less helpful than gvpxcknunlme
uqsgtpa shows it to iwimad's parents, so iwimad is less helpful than uqsgtpa
ozwazvfjk shows it to pimehptffa's parents, so pimehptffa is less helpful than ozwazvfjk
zfojbsuj shows it to ckqnmspgltsb's parents, so zfojbsuj is not less helpful than ckqnmspgltsb
byqmdbrqfpeq shows it to hygjgurv's parents, so byqmdbrqfpeq is not less helpful than hygjgurv
gnpfx shows it to whnfh's parents, so gnpfx is not less helpful than whnfh
qbutsrzdxzfh shows it to vlcbxcdrwjr's parents, so qbutsrzdxzfh is not less helpful than vlcbxcdrwjr
jdc shows it to ciwlpnu's parents, so jdc is not less helpful than ciwlpnu
nvnrtohidsmx shows it to zhsspui's parents, so zhsspui is not more helpful than nvnrtohidsmx
jxkf shows it to bqwfqykxi's parents, so bqwfqykxi is not more helpful than jxkf
eiqfxj shows it to hbvbycqe's parents, so hbvbycqe is not more helpful than eiqfxj
dpinw shows it to vzev's parents, so vzev is not more helpful than dpinw
kaxsdrtrxqx shows it to fspnfvqhyvrl's parents, so fspnfvqhyvrl is not more helpful than kaxsdrtrxqx
gql asks zomsdx if he is liked, so gql is more insecure than zomsdx
jzboranoo asks vcellxdcev if he is liked, so jzboranoo is more insecure than vcellxdcev
qfgixfbswdm asks umpkqo if he is liked, so qfgixfbswdm is more insecure than umpkqo
anxjdjxplknt asks ypjkrebayxb if he is liked, so anxjdjxplknt is more insecure than ypjkrebayxb
ispefclhoje asks vxkosze if he is liked, so ispefclhoje is more insecure than vxkosze
rjwgobbvnyc asks yohqxazlp if he is liked, so yohqxazlp is more insecure than rjwgobbvnyc
jwsaagbz asks bguvrizesot if he is liked, so bguvrizesot is more insecure than jwsaagbz
zftjkkkcj asks scawv if he is liked, so scawv is more insecure than zftjkkkcj
sbzd asks wumpqhaum if he is liked, so wumpqhaum is more insecure than sbzd
vweoepdqkge asks ktl if he is liked, so ktl is more insecure than vweoepdqkge
jrfncllri asks giqymfojpkdh if he is liked, so jrfncllri is not less insecure than giqymfojpkdh
memdhp asks skxqnccaiznw if he is liked, so memdhp is not less insecure than skxqnccaiznw
hvfa asks sqwg if he is liked, so hvfa is not less insecure than sqwg
aqerd asks cdu if he is liked, so aqerd is not less insecure than cdu
afiarcgztfy asks zgizef if he is liked, so afiarcgztfy is not less insecure than zgizef
tlksk asks qxjzomxnjm to be liked, so qxjzomxnjm is not more insecure than tlksk
wdwytdmc asks kqzw to be liked, so kqzw is not more insecure than wdwytdmc
djlrguoodrlt asks fjny to be liked, so fjny is not more insecure than djlrguoodrlt
ntgnce asks ygs to be liked, so ygs is not more insecure than ntgnce
cbmrdo asks zwfmz to be liked, so zwfmz is not more insecure than cbmrdo
mvhhgakdj makes skvktykl an appointment, so mvhhgakdj is more organized than skvktykl
hrog makes afwdqwzxjuw an appointment, so hrog is more organized than afwdqwzxjuw
wzk makes ntjgew an appointment, so wzk is more organized than ntjgew
kqprbs makes exb an appointment, so kqprbs is more organized than exb
esz makes zqyunlnzwgi an appointment, so esz is more organized than zqyunlnzwgi
bjajwgmu makes jshogwsff an appointment, so jshogwsff is less organized than bjajwgmu
xszwgmuf makes ofwia an appointment, so ofwia is less organized than xszwgmuf
ycc makes fexww an appointment, so fexww is less organized than ycc
dptgbzzrxgg makes gszv an appointment, so gszv is less organized than dptgbzzrxgg
zpr makes kjdy an appointment, so kjdy is less organized than zpr
ofn makes gcqm an appointment, so ofn is not less organized than gcqm
kzdfylsqslv makes qjxza an appointment, so kzdfylsqslv is not less organized than qjxza
mox makes raslshyjzhad an appointment, so mox is not less organized than raslshyjzhad
xzw makes zcjtdp an appointment, so xzw is not less organized than zcjtdp
tbqhofxitq makes hccuv an appointment, so tbqhofxitq is not less organized than hccuv
jgob makes zygebezswmtf an appointment, so zygebezswmtf is not more organized than jgob
spy makes vhvuoqosms an appointment, so vhvuoqosms is not more organized than spy
ynqlbvrbuhb makes els an appointment, so els is not more organized than ynqlbvrbuhb
dgpuazb makes wctquwtm an appointment, so wctquwtm is not more organized than dgpuazb
koxxcls makes shtlx an appointment, so shtlx is not more organized than koxxcls
tadxzwh contains within utqybynlw, so tadxzwh is more eternal than utqybynlw
lazd contains within wluestmqwk, so lazd is more eternal than wluestmqwk
xewd contains within zvwdy, so xewd is more eternal than zvwdy
bdfrslza contains within hbntd, so bdfrslza is more eternal than hbntd
qzxiichvcnyk contains within ktkfflguc, so qzxiichvcnyk is more eternal than ktkfflguc
mzkqs contains within brntoldempku, so brntoldempku is less eternal than mzkqs
vnthugo contains within zqvhpenxg, so zqvhpenxg is less eternal than vnthugo
yzqiliav contains within rwmnhpakx, so rwmnhpakx is less eternal than yzqiliav
aabihorves contains within jjjjittff, so jjjjittff is less eternal than aabihorves
pytdxzd contains within fbdomne, so fbdomne is less eternal than pytdxzd
xqsgi contains within qnhkmfs, so xqsgi is not less eternal than qnhkmfs
kwifpktgt contains within rvnhscn, so kwifpktgt is not less eternal than rvnhscn
adye contains within tbgikog, so adye is not less eternal than tbgikog
tuhlqsueyohm contains within wyweatvwnjfk, so tuhlqsueyohm is not less eternal than wyweatvwnjfk
ugwxcvp contains within insw, so ugwxcvp is not less eternal than insw
fjowjn contains within shybtjzucw, so shybtjzucw is not more eternal than fjowjn
chrubqvyvfui contains within rrqbsgosvlxp, so rrqbsgosvlxp is not more eternal than chrubqvyvfui
mqlqa contains within uxbnwt, so uxbnwt is not more eternal than mqlqa
owlsc contains within kkeddha, so kkeddha is not more eternal than owlsc
hqdem contains within kmgkgjx, so kmgkgjx is not more eternal than hqdem
exw is jvukukzdr's brother, so exw is more social than jvukukzdr
dmrqf is ldcej's brother, so dmrqf is more social than ldcej
ssjnovo is qxhnjvchptb's brother, so ssjnovo is more social than qxhnjvchptb
eiejuzisd is iombbi's brother, so eiejuzisd is more social than iombbi
qulucwtuvdq is kakkpuhs's brother, so qulucwtuvdq is more social than kakkpuhs
svhxvi calls vec's brother, so vec is less social than svhxvi
iilvgbhj calls lfjsivwekmh's brother, so lfjsivwekmh is less social than iilvgbhj
zfhmacun calls yinvakfs's brother, so yinvakfs is less social than zfhmacun
cyss calls lbuukektebx's brother, so lbuukektebx is less social than cyss
jttiujmlctcg calls qxum's brother, so qxum is less social than jttiujmlctcg
tpcsaethcm is ipupg's brother, so tpcsaethcm is not less social than ipupg
jfa is bnuhlyqes's brother, so jfa is not less social than bnuhlyqes
rasnk is jmhas's brother, so rasnk is not less social than jmhas
ertjawa is clzwh's brother, so ertjawa is not less social than clzwh
nyqdn is uwpigoc's brother, so nyqdn is not less social than uwpigoc
myxvtwxrn is ersutgfqj's brother, so ersutgfqj is not more social than myxvtwxrn
sggjghcpjg is jbbllzea's brother, so jbbllzea is not more social than sggjghcpjg
lsktwldnoy is ivsn's brother, so ivsn is not more social than lsktwldnoy
epwdx is axefosfwrx's brother, so axefosfwrx is not more social than epwdx
xjzsrltt is csagn's brother, so csagn is not more social than xjzsrltt
jvpoqfekhmi gives hfqzmogliz's names, so jvpoqfekhmi is more helpful than hfqzmogliz
ajctwqymngg gives jzgc's names, so ajctwqymngg is more helpful than jzgc
aojm gives peaijoowqtt's names, so aojm is more helpful than peaijoowqtt
ubumiknbqyt gives udvrqljiiqi's names, so ubumiknbqyt is more helpful than udvrqljiiqi
famfkmfcov gives wrc's names, so famfkmfcov is more helpful than wrc
zsrwq gives yqowi's names, so yqowi is less helpful than zsrwq
bvben gives oegncnwmnf's names, so oegncnwmnf is less helpful than bvben
gftnq gives kxpi's names, so kxpi is less helpful than gftnq
gwcwj gives wpu's names, so wpu is less helpful than gwcwj
brphusc gives rea's names, so rea is less helpful than brphusc
sbwdisxtpxuj gives abjxhavow's names, so sbwdisxtpxuj is not less helpful than abjxhavow
khmixnpzhxlm gives ekqzrgaa's names, so khmixnpzhxlm is not less helpful than ekqzrgaa
ujdlrcnqcte gives qczkdqnlnjxl's names, so ujdlrcnqcte is not less helpful than qczkdqnlnjxl
njwti gives qtdkjrbq's names, so njwti is not less helpful than qtdkjrbq
wummhe gives wloz's names, so wummhe is not less helpful than wloz
qxyxjiuwrmkm gives xevroca's names, so xevroca is not more helpful than qxyxjiuwrmkm
dirspguxuhh gives muny's names, so muny is not more helpful than dirspguxuhh
syzxc gives joadtlz's names, so joadtlz is not more helpful than syzxc
eueanzizqsx gives zwnuinu's names, so zwnuinu is not more helpful than eueanzizqsx
lziifhlalzz gives jio's names, so jio is not more helpful than lziifhlalzz
jbeakfhntovq hits fqtqlibbinb's face, so jbeakfhntovq is more aggresive than fqtqlibbinb
fwlo hits qcaflk's face, so fwlo is more aggresive than qcaflk
ezazvyoqmqks hits zjqsaarvcz's face, so ezazvyoqmqks is more aggresive than zjqsaarvcz
xlli hits kjnshok's face, so xlli is more aggresive than kjnshok
rczmdklt hits qpk's face, so rczmdklt is more aggresive than qpk
bpmvlvjauxjm hits txhc's face, so txhc is less aggresive than bpmvlvjauxjm
sytobgroaapo hits hghdxjmanwk's face, so hghdxjmanwk is less aggresive than sytobgroaapo
rzmarzcdpre hits yixkbwightm's face, so yixkbwightm is less aggresive than rzmarzcdpre
zygffk hits wyksldqayzrh's face, so wyksldqayzrh is less aggresive than zygffk
acublc hits jlpevaqia's face, so jlpevaqia is less aggresive than acublc
sdiwzvg hits msggkzy's face, so sdiwzvg is not more aggresive than msggkzy
hlprpqzauhi hits oksnxvaeuy's face, so hlprpqzauhi is not more aggresive than oksnxvaeuy
eszqmlqogep hits ipwwhiw's face, so eszqmlqogep is not more aggresive than ipwwhiw
bphl hits urjqafrpyu's face, so bphl is not more aggresive than urjqafrpyu
zvnutkaz hits wkceuf's face, so zvnutkaz is not more aggresive than wkceuf
bss hits zgmzic's face, so zgmzic is not more aggresive than bss
irhkwwjnwagj hits eigfiwcwlzvc's face, so eigfiwcwlzvc is not more aggresive than irhkwwjnwagj
ptcw hits lnshpr's face, so lnshpr is not more aggresive than ptcw
kssxvh hits dhywutxwczx's face, so dhywutxwczx is not more aggresive than kssxvh
jdowjhivkfb hits oklpwhfj's face, so oklpwhfj is not more aggresive than jdowjhivkfb
phtgslm improves mvygrdp's health more than mvygrdp, so phtgslm is more kind than mvygrdp
zpermxkggxle improves pwvelwfpm's health more than pwvelwfpm, so zpermxkggxle is more kind than pwvelwfpm
pcjtslcfmbfq improves cxfvzsmalxp's health more than cxfvzsmalxp, so pcjtslcfmbfq is more kind than cxfvzsmalxp
zwtgrfjp improves rfhqzaurra's health more than rfhqzaurra, so zwtgrfjp is more kind than rfhqzaurra
xhcbxy improves wwwldu's health more than wwwldu, so xhcbxy is more kind than wwwldu
rkrrnwg improves cxecezggq's health more than cxecezggq, so cxecezggq is less kind than rkrrnwg
itqnzcxz improves kwjr's health more than kwjr, so kwjr is less kind than itqnzcxz
gmc improves vfz's health more than vfz, so vfz is less kind than gmc
jxyjyw improves tnzj's health more than tnzj, so tnzj is less kind than jxyjyw
kgpgbufrcpv improves pxugym's health more than pxugym, so pxugym is less kind than kgpgbufrcpv
hnvucd improves yvuziavzw's health more than yvuziavzw, so hnvucd is not less kind than yvuziavzw
gplbvzendr improves edvwupomhdrc's health more than edvwupomhdrc, so gplbvzendr is not less kind than edvwupomhdrc
pzlxmovxknwk improves newmxf's health more than newmxf, so pzlxmovxknwk is not less kind than newmxf
rswfpqaigm improves ucp's health more than ucp, so rswfpqaigm is not less kind than ucp
kcrcmqsybe improves tewzv's health more than tewzv, so kcrcmqsybe is not less kind than tewzv
qrpjgosbn improves jytup's health more than jytup, so jytup is not more kind than qrpjgosbn
wwmffjzeqs improves kcsiljxkvdrm's health more than kcsiljxkvdrm, so kcsiljxkvdrm is not more kind than wwmffjzeqs
rrtfo improves dfl's health more than dfl, so dfl is not more kind than rrtfo
xvslu improves bwbgqfevgp's health more than bwbgqfevgp, so bwbgqfevgp is not more kind than xvslu
vcw improves zsgjxpnmynf's health more than zsgjxpnmynf, so zsgjxpnmynf is not more kind than vcw
iijokx takes pppicxq's part, so iijokx is more untrustworthy than pppicxq
rjzhk takes wsomeyxlnvcc's part, so rjzhk is more untrustworthy than wsomeyxlnvcc
eoyaozwvdp takes eotbdrknkeb's part, so eoyaozwvdp is more untrustworthy than eotbdrknkeb
bazautea takes qpbezt's part, so bazautea is more untrustworthy than qpbezt
lifwk takes ckyzzbd's part, so lifwk is more untrustworthy than ckyzzbd
gwcqkqgpwd takes qvnivmjrlwri's part, so qvnivmjrlwri is less untrustworthy than gwcqkqgpwd
ldmsl takes brzsszrisy's part, so brzsszrisy is less untrustworthy than ldmsl
ytfulv takes ztkhwyccpj's part, so ztkhwyccpj is less untrustworthy than ytfulv
ijxmtu takes zjbermoo's part, so zjbermoo is less untrustworthy than ijxmtu
oqxwxslu takes qgcqqafrq's part, so qgcqqafrq is less untrustworthy than oqxwxslu
iifelk takes rlvzoun's part, so iifelk is not less untrustworthy than rlvzoun
dei takes brycghbsbu's part, so dei is not less untrustworthy than brycghbsbu
rfdyfduszp takes pinqbmshmk's part, so rfdyfduszp is not less untrustworthy than pinqbmshmk
jdkiiuxoc takes qanc's part, so jdkiiuxoc is not less untrustworthy than qanc
chgvkeqh takes cwphgwkzy's part, so chgvkeqh is not less untrustworthy than cwphgwkzy
polgcdxzy takes jlghbpuhmf's part, so jlghbpuhmf is not more untrustworthy than polgcdxzy
yjvtwn takes kffjuvnwiwfl's part, so kffjuvnwiwfl is not more untrustworthy than yjvtwn
ebenlkxc takes mgdppvg's part, so mgdppvg is not more untrustworthy than ebenlkxc
tqizpyupki takes lfcosdn's part, so lfcosdn is not more untrustworthy than tqizpyupki
lexl takes wqykfupsaek's part, so wqykfupsaek is not more untrustworthy than lexl
qgunqy plants a tree in dkictutkd's backyard, so qgunqy is more kind than dkictutkd
ceys plants a tree in srbpuwyvcxvs's backyard, so ceys is more kind than srbpuwyvcxvs
smzrim plants a tree in gjovinoc's backyard, so smzrim is more kind than gjovinoc
dsd plants a tree in zjgtcnwuykpv's backyard, so dsd is more kind than zjgtcnwuykpv
mvkmhcv plants a tree in tyuefcks's backyard, so mvkmhcv is more kind than tyuefcks
aryhpfo plants a tree in sketzbjjsjv's backyard, so sketzbjjsjv is less kind than aryhpfo
nnwyath plants a tree in wvlcuy's backyard, so wvlcuy is less kind than nnwyath
zzylvzarqfsb plants a tree in ihaenyp's backyard, so ihaenyp is less kind than zzylvzarqfsb
xhfvqimne plants a tree in nbz's backyard, so nbz is less kind than xhfvqimne
xmf plants a tree in gbvpdec's backyard, so gbvpdec is less kind than xmf
odvszwvzvch plants a tree in xyipmfq's backyard, so odvszwvzvch is not more kind than xyipmfq
kpdefjl plants a tree in hbg's backyard, so kpdefjl is not more kind than hbg
xxczzj plants a tree in nexa's backyard, so xxczzj is not more kind than nexa
lxhe plants a tree in bbwwygcikk's backyard, so lxhe is not more kind than bbwwygcikk
kgfzwzmvquz plants a tree in ggpesl's backyard, so kgfzwzmvquz is not more kind than ggpesl
ozhpjqjf plants a tree in eqzvmit's backyard, so eqzvmit is not more kind than ozhpjqjf
ottanln plants a tree in lgypf's backyard, so lgypf is not more kind than ottanln
cmsiqqugypd plants a tree in dcj's backyard, so dcj is not more kind than cmsiqqugypd
vvqrjok plants a tree in zbzpneqfvdgt's backyard, so zbzpneqfvdgt is not more kind than vvqrjok
vjogjkmmfpo plants a tree in plt's backyard, so plt is not more kind than vjogjkmmfpo
obsksfdc minds business more than rhwe, so obsksfdc is more caring than rhwe
soskmzdidtza minds business more than cmgzpme, so soskmzdidtza is more caring than cmgzpme
mqeuuiuhfk minds business more than zwbaajkbsx, so mqeuuiuhfk is more caring than zwbaajkbsx
ylwiyphxzs minds business more than yon, so ylwiyphxzs is more caring than yon
zfygg minds business more than qortpy, so zfygg is more caring than qortpy
hwsfdbtwujai minds oapvlqhqc's business, so oapvlqhqc is less caring than hwsfdbtwujai
ygg minds soqi's business, so soqi is less caring than ygg
xpcjzt minds fkehzqmfbi's business, so fkehzqmfbi is less caring than xpcjzt
qijvun minds ocfeqpw's business, so ocfeqpw is less caring than qijvun
msxrfh minds jjixry's business, so jjixry is less caring than msxrfh
lroaa minds elky's business, so lroaa is not less caring than elky
cak minds yvsbmpbpoixf's business, so cak is not less caring than yvsbmpbpoixf
xgunywi minds qxecztkwfms's business, so xgunywi is not less caring than qxecztkwfms
ddkifnzup minds cboc's business, so ddkifnzup is not less caring than cboc
zayz minds hbmyaqeqpfz's business, so zayz is not less caring than hbmyaqeqpfz
nehvut minds ablzqefbqrwn's business, so ablzqefbqrwn is not more caring than nehvut
dwurlnsy minds lgsulnss's business, so lgsulnss is not more caring than dwurlnsy
yuvxkmtshxq minds hyqtbxfb's business, so hyqtbxfb is not more caring than yuvxkmtshxq
zgpyqmtq minds ddlfpi's business, so ddlfpi is not more caring than zgpyqmtq
ybg minds exmfphvfdla's business, so exmfphvfdla is not more caring than ybg
dramtzqjvz declines ucfqwyxfoyge's invitation, so dramtzqjvz has more pride than ucfqwyxfoyge
xelnmuyxvwd declines ugcvjrlcmv's invitation, so xelnmuyxvwd has more pride than ugcvjrlcmv
hbrmdjtqfq declines rbsrcgrkm's invitation, so hbrmdjtqfq has more pride than rbsrcgrkm
nxmbylxyl declines kweudxy's invitation, so nxmbylxyl has more pride than kweudxy
gifiet declines grogujdkl's invitation, so gifiet has more pride than grogujdkl
ndiejglhxx declines zgccoxch's invitation, so zgccoxch has less pride than ndiejglhxx
viyzrsxuwhrb declines xdqpavsykxja's invitation, so xdqpavsykxja has less pride than viyzrsxuwhrb
mklcwkzpyzt declines demctnsokgnt's invitation, so demctnsokgnt has less pride than mklcwkzpyzt
gmyi declines xbnxgu's invitation, so xbnxgu has less pride than gmyi
jqu declines cojzoepcob's invitation, so cojzoepcob has less pride than jqu
eaia declines rmmynj's invitation, so eaia is not more pride than rmmynj
iqohfqt declines ivspge's invitation, so iqohfqt is not more pride than ivspge
wiiibxsjah declines xaqrwbphgl's invitation, so wiiibxsjah is not more pride than xaqrwbphgl
ijvqtstmdw declines chmblq's invitation, so ijvqtstmdw is not more pride than chmblq
zzwvkgara declines ibyzkhsbqh's invitation, so zzwvkgara is not more pride than ibyzkhsbqh
kfoydu declines rqehay's invitation, so rqehay is not more pride than kfoydu
awpy declines ocv's invitation, so ocv is not more pride than awpy
fczig declines kps's invitation, so kps is not more pride than fczig
pmka declines ypfm's invitation, so ypfm is not more pride than pmka
ptczrjik declines axgtxbwo's invitation, so axgtxbwo is not more pride than ptczrjik
poxnuxamld takes lmwvb's share, so poxnuxamld is less thankful than lmwvb
eqdaxsde takes sdta's share, so eqdaxsde is less thankful than sdta
dhtqssx takes qfmvxtt's share, so dhtqssx is less thankful than qfmvxtt
aqpt takes bio's share, so aqpt is less thankful than bio
mzsese takes fqlbqto's share, so mzsese is less thankful than fqlbqto
ihoyvlyjmf takes mdgaeu's share, so mdgaeu is less thankful than ihoyvlyjmf
acoa takes eynmegb's share, so eynmegb is less thankful than acoa
tzqzxer takes mmaenygjxjze's share, so mmaenygjxjze is less thankful than tzqzxer
jnbe takes xixxrtn's share, so xixxrtn is less thankful than jnbe
pcuxo takes uzb's share, so uzb is less thankful than pcuxo
qnyyevsefcg takes sktsv's share, so qnyyevsefcg is not less thankful than sktsv
mayseou takes heqeufngp's share, so mayseou is not less thankful than heqeufngp
medfjgbych takes bijuy's share, so medfjgbych is not less thankful than bijuy
xywhhxi takes fagoab's share, so xywhhxi is not less thankful than fagoab
setcxeocku takes gfnyuhtwflsd's share, so setcxeocku is not less thankful than gfnyuhtwflsd
uussjqjxts takes yhqgug's share, so yhqgug is not more thankful than uussjqjxts
zsaxgjyvh takes shl's share, so shl is not more thankful than zsaxgjyvh
hphyygva takes hpayyar's share, so hpayyar is not more thankful than hphyygva
gadwnliu takes tyhpl's share, so tyhpl is not more thankful than gadwnliu
fqkafgqlxxb takes wdldgked's share, so wdldgked is not more thankful than fqkafgqlxxb
ntapnio keeps drnvb still, so ntapnio is less annoyed than drnvb
tvurki keeps uujv still, so tvurki is less annoyed than uujv
iowcdstmziat keeps vgubgb still, so iowcdstmziat is less annoyed than vgubgb
aarqqmdlqvrg keeps kjofwwokrwp still, so aarqqmdlqvrg is less annoyed than kjofwwokrwp
iwgritc keeps bwlp still, so iwgritc is less annoyed than bwlp
nzoi keeps tntwogfevjt still, so tntwogfevjt is less annoyed than nzoi
mel keeps tjffrmdkthfy still, so tjffrmdkthfy is less annoyed than mel
rikhzcz keeps flaferpag still, so flaferpag is less annoyed than rikhzcz
qwdauog keeps kquxyxawd still, so kquxyxawd is less annoyed than qwdauog
qocjqnlkao keeps lxqznstsif still, so lxqznstsif is less annoyed than qocjqnlkao
xxelztm keeps dlccvlclg still, so xxelztm is not more annoyed than dlccvlclg
roiws keeps lciw still, so roiws is not more annoyed than lciw
vkqpbzyox keeps inamzmygls still, so vkqpbzyox is not more annoyed than inamzmygls
csugjfd keeps xdttspjdnz still, so csugjfd is not more annoyed than xdttspjdnz
ooqphcqmqfz keeps avhxahqv still, so ooqphcqmqfz is not more annoyed than avhxahqv
cuomlwgipu keeps vglconpsv still, so vglconpsv is not less annoyed than cuomlwgipu
ofemyqrv keeps xbcoaqjhul still, so xbcoaqjhul is not less annoyed than ofemyqrv
guiefrazx keeps nro still, so nro is not less annoyed than guiefrazx
zmwna keeps iztlqph still, so iztlqph is not less annoyed than zmwna
xmdi keeps nuexplzq still, so nuexplzq is not less annoyed than xmdi
smm gives yaqb a drink, so smm is more caring than yaqb
isodj gives dypunodsdjy a drink, so isodj is more caring than dypunodsdjy
zyqxzq gives hwulxnoikx a drink, so zyqxzq is more caring than hwulxnoikx
eqidpkoeba gives zohnxteqho a drink, so eqidpkoeba is more caring than zohnxteqho
wnoemb gives qgvgxmjwnk a drink, so wnoemb is more caring than qgvgxmjwnk
vnsefth gives ahybc a drink, so ahybc is less caring than vnsefth
iilubvjjsc gives pusnvul a drink, so pusnvul is less caring than iilubvjjsc
bqcg gives lycdnwj a drink, so lycdnwj is less caring than bqcg
ezygsa gives sytkz a drink, so sytkz is less caring than ezygsa
dsfn gives xmtpqaeuqx a drink, so xmtpqaeuqx is less caring than dsfn
darmq gives oxymf a drink, so darmq is not less caring than oxymf
bsmoway gives oisb a drink, so bsmoway is not less caring than oisb
ctnjsbhvxtcl gives xlbdp a drink, so ctnjsbhvxtcl is not less caring than xlbdp
cjzpjzvskt gives vdgmkfdvg a drink, so cjzpjzvskt is not less caring than vdgmkfdvg
jkpbztnaa gives utnhrxbi a drink, so jkpbztnaa is not less caring than utnhrxbi
kvovprbjajqw gives yxdnbfidk a drink, so yxdnbfidk is not more caring than kvovprbjajqw
gdnfgx gives uvqpniz a drink, so uvqpniz is not more caring than gdnfgx
bessknwey gives slfzfqhib a drink, so slfzfqhib is not more caring than bessknwey
xexbgfm gives zlfbdo a drink, so zlfbdo is not more caring than xexbgfm
cqwghmzivd gives hqwnwfkznixj a drink, so hqwnwfkznixj is not more caring than cqwghmzivd
uepsky thinks ofeyuwi would win in a tennis match, so uepsky is more realistic than ofeyuwi
zmxbx thinks ywbw would win in a tennis match, so zmxbx is more realistic than ywbw
iurwlab thinks rkmk would win in a tennis match, so iurwlab is more realistic than rkmk
nzbkj thinks cldjlgdbvuuu would win in a tennis match, so nzbkj is more realistic than cldjlgdbvuuu
mrkmciilyzlb thinks euuajpcxnvn would win in a tennis match, so mrkmciilyzlb is more realistic than euuajpcxnvn
idrd thinks kggixeonyyd would win in a tennis match, so kggixeonyyd is less realistic than idrd
nftnc thinks uxepctcd would win in a tennis match, so uxepctcd is less realistic than nftnc
qabgf thinks rasq would win in a tennis match, so rasq is less realistic than qabgf
hfuycfsth thinks gvctyr would win in a tennis match, so gvctyr is less realistic than hfuycfsth
fsqidamwrnd thinks zur would win in a tennis match, so zur is less realistic than fsqidamwrnd
takn thinks qet would win in a tennis match, so takn is not less realistic than qet
xypqjmbbkmz thinks yez would win in a tennis match, so xypqjmbbkmz is not less realistic than yez
lvxvhzmit thinks izrwwcdgbu would win in a tennis match, so lvxvhzmit is not less realistic than izrwwcdgbu
xxpjziaxvpox thinks buv would win in a tennis match, so xxpjziaxvpox is not less realistic than buv
zokobr thinks rfd would win in a tennis match, so zokobr is not less realistic than rfd
njfluzpgrk thinks nbjvm would win more than njfluzpgrk, so nbjvm is not more realistic than njfluzpgrk
pggtu thinks spbxmiclg would win more than pggtu, so spbxmiclg is not more realistic than pggtu
fndlte thinks uaamdxkpykkf would win more than fndlte, so uaamdxkpykkf is not more realistic than fndlte
hlyt thinks icozlt would win more than hlyt, so icozlt is not more realistic than hlyt
hhthvpks thinks wrrkgmzdkh would win more than hhthvpks, so wrrkgmzdkh is not more realistic than hhthvpks
sqqdtv buys elpk a drink, so sqqdtv is less generous than elpk
zpdbhwuafg buys fckfektpke a drink, so zpdbhwuafg is less generous than fckfektpke
nunfsuifeqtn buys kvbrgioekj a drink, so nunfsuifeqtn is less generous than kvbrgioekj
ranhgbigwpd buys smubh a drink, so ranhgbigwpd is less generous than smubh
jktiryqsipan buys spxr a drink, so jktiryqsipan is less generous than spxr
mrkfuje buys lmaagsdkrdfy a drink, so lmaagsdkrdfy is less generous than mrkfuje
bjro buys dmarkswphhlm a drink, so dmarkswphhlm is less generous than bjro
eaabyzjrzj buys goqkwtbqvb a drink, so goqkwtbqvb is less generous than eaabyzjrzj
wsmkur buys kjidkmex a drink, so kjidkmex is less generous than wsmkur
vklwzdwk buys edsdsspgwzg a drink, so edsdsspgwzg is less generous than vklwzdwk
mtgbvrozsux buys fqzdm a drink, so mtgbvrozsux is not more generous than fqzdm
jxuf buys ockix a drink, so jxuf is not more generous than ockix
gwgjt buys rhkw a drink, so gwgjt is not more generous than rhkw
diagh buys ysn a drink, so diagh is not more generous than ysn
ogzgtmq buys ertbetwvzapn a drink, so ogzgtmq is not more generous than ertbetwvzapn
ilywiynhb buys nmd a drink, so nmd is not more generous than ilywiynhb
mfgbydlv buys zrqwx a drink, so zrqwx is not more generous than mfgbydlv
duufks buys lmakzmp a drink, so lmakzmp is not more generous than duufks
vxxbxsokx buys egt a drink, so egt is not more generous than vxxbxsokx
iwitvkhyv buys ikzfmxqstya a drink, so ikzfmxqstya is not more generous than iwitvkhyv
mrfl is able to estimate people more than fslj, so mrfl is more logical than fslj
xiv is able to estimate people more than movsnjtwqyi, so xiv is more logical than movsnjtwqyi
xjevihvkjdy is able to estimate people more than azj, so xjevihvkjdy is more logical than azj
ajxqoznzxdx is able to estimate people more than cbqthaulzwz, so ajxqoznzxdx is more logical than cbqthaulzwz
xsmkmgr is able to estimate people more than cybvwohyusv, so xsmkmgr is more logical than cybvwohyusv
ocaftbkfjuq is able to estimate more than ufirztncdsv, so ufirztncdsv is less logical than ocaftbkfjuq
bkrbd is able to estimate more than zxtp, so zxtp is less logical than bkrbd
yosuycj is able to estimate more than vkzjgsvrnpf, so vkzjgsvrnpf is less logical than yosuycj
lnhqawi is able to estimate more than hpjgdqdcvb, so hpjgdqdcvb is less logical than lnhqawi
aqanvuzukr is able to estimate more than tlshgwjp, so tlshgwjp is less logical than aqanvuzukr
edwcywug is able to estimate more than qhqeiybzum, so edwcywug is not less logical than qhqeiybzum
gknomrgayzgz is able to estimate more than zlxhricyh, so gknomrgayzgz is not less logical than zlxhricyh
thutg is able to estimate more than gpsmdtj, so thutg is not less logical than gpsmdtj
ruhzfgjpvsty is able to estimate more than mgzjgkmb, so ruhzfgjpvsty is not less logical than mgzjgkmb
rhpfu is able to estimate more than wvmjbqsjbw, so rhpfu is not less logical than wvmjbqsjbw
rnvkja is not more logical than qtrsh, so qtrsh is not more logical than rnvkja
fwhobznz is not more logical than kvuoceywiv, so kvuoceywiv is not more logical than fwhobznz
tpfznmhf is not more logical than fscgrg, so fscgrg is not more logical than tpfznmhf
hstxpbrrt is not more logical than xhqngziawjo, so xhqngziawjo is not more logical than hstxpbrrt
qwlnmfogfni is not more logical than xcmulzrydl, so xcmulzrydl is not more logical than qwlnmfogfni
uhujmr challenges jijoincwy's brother, so uhujmr is more competitive than jijoincwy
vvywio challenges jap's brother, so vvywio is more competitive than jap
rolqckpd challenges fdbra's brother, so rolqckpd is more competitive than fdbra
qrnjw challenges qhvammcc's brother, so qrnjw is more competitive than qhvammcc
mpciivmrhkk challenges eagwmhurt's brother, so mpciivmrhkk is more competitive than eagwmhurt
ibyapux challenges qlfkka's brother, so qlfkka is less competitive than ibyapux
hnpe challenges rurrzlipbmr's brother, so rurrzlipbmr is less competitive than hnpe
sjefxfp challenges eivyoo's brother, so eivyoo is less competitive than sjefxfp
utq challenges aqksvfgh's brother, so aqksvfgh is less competitive than utq
tnposiadlno challenges ajvumjazngrp's brother, so ajvumjazngrp is less competitive than tnposiadlno
nkixfbv challenges gegv's brother, so nkixfbv is not less competitive than gegv
xkqg challenges eknvlfxip's brother, so xkqg is not less competitive than eknvlfxip
ohqfihp challenges qklcfisewhoj's brother, so ohqfihp is not less competitive than qklcfisewhoj
fdtjhgol challenges wjnqbnfjykbq's brother, so fdtjhgol is not less competitive than wjnqbnfjykbq
meusssi challenges dtsyr's brother, so meusssi is not less competitive than dtsyr
xdytc challenges twekd's brother, so twekd is not more competitive than xdytc
bpvgnuut challenges qovtsoaptiz's brother, so qovtsoaptiz is not more competitive than bpvgnuut
oigmnjteemq challenges flpkzk's brother, so flpkzk is not more competitive than oigmnjteemq
qrzbtfzvxtk challenges mfivnkfo's brother, so mfivnkfo is not more competitive than qrzbtfzvxtk
hjwgzoljr challenges zyqxtjrcs's brother, so zyqxtjrcs is not more competitive than hjwgzoljr
mhdgx raises odobxqctx's eyebrows, so mhdgx is more daring than odobxqctx
ayaqiuiqrmxp raises exqmjzvymc's eyebrows, so ayaqiuiqrmxp is more daring than exqmjzvymc
ukz raises acy's eyebrows, so ukz is more daring than acy
qygugn raises hqqnvpcytp's eyebrows, so qygugn is more daring than hqqnvpcytp
yzlhfqtchyi raises fordavuwv's eyebrows, so yzlhfqtchyi is more daring than fordavuwv
lxqkoqwi raises olopmxz's eyebrows, so olopmxz is less daring than lxqkoqwi
nozyxx raises cek's eyebrows, so cek is less daring than nozyxx
omy raises uebr's eyebrows, so uebr is less daring than omy
cyqldwkjzura raises ltlcmsw's eyebrows, so ltlcmsw is less daring than cyqldwkjzura
knrwlbt raises xtdrlaasrlj's eyebrows, so xtdrlaasrlj is less daring than knrwlbt
uruxekhs raises oxdiztx's eyebrows, so uruxekhs is not less daring than oxdiztx
lwus raises iuqf's eyebrows, so lwus is not less daring than iuqf
syvjpq raises tbjzoyiukrox's eyebrows, so syvjpq is not less daring than tbjzoyiukrox
tokdzgnnueq raises fuypnsd's eyebrows, so tokdzgnnueq is not less daring than fuypnsd
rbrrm raises iggosi's eyebrows, so rbrrm is not less daring than iggosi
ocdnyg raises euukcdhikemz's eyebrows, so euukcdhikemz is not more daring than ocdnyg
zmibfqozng raises idvqz's eyebrows, so idvqz is not more daring than zmibfqozng
yarmjc raises qbncag's eyebrows, so qbncag is not more daring than yarmjc
favexgv raises gzvhxnpsonn's eyebrows, so gzvhxnpsonn is not more daring than favexgv
sro raises rpqvwwolitnh's eyebrows, so rpqvwwolitnh is not more daring than sro
lmsndf pays all iypawotfq's bills, so lmsndf is more helpful than iypawotfq
bos pays all yqx's bills, so bos is more helpful than yqx
dhwmni pays all fxwpyo's bills, so dhwmni is more helpful than fxwpyo
vnkmdy pays all yihclh's bills, so vnkmdy is more helpful than yihclh
aelblijtn pays all ihajxfoyhl's bills, so aelblijtn is more helpful than ihajxfoyhl
bno pays all sbtjuofvily's bills, so sbtjuofvily is less helpful than bno
srlaufgjm pays all wtlfuh's bills, so wtlfuh is less helpful than srlaufgjm
ntm pays all ubljawstnu's bills, so ubljawstnu is less helpful than ntm
pjsrlbo pays all wxo's bills, so wxo is less helpful than pjsrlbo
veh pays all hnznxpvgj's bills, so hnznxpvgj is less helpful than veh
csenjrdrxq pays all eusytuj's bills, so csenjrdrxq is not less helpful than eusytuj
nxaqqsv pays all aice's bills, so nxaqqsv is not less helpful than aice
ihkvlgun pays all qgzawu's bills, so ihkvlgun is not less helpful than qgzawu
xihdlio pays all jae's bills, so xihdlio is not less helpful than jae
bhge pays all dlhkcwuv's bills, so bhge is not less helpful than dlhkcwuv
jdsubqzd pays all nrmvnh's bills, so nrmvnh is not more helpful than jdsubqzd
unefdcfx pays all gijfkjdmeib's bills, so gijfkjdmeib is not more helpful than unefdcfx
rgl pays all cbsa's bills, so cbsa is not more helpful than rgl
lmvqanscyum pays all atbsghrhdb's bills, so atbsghrhdb is not more helpful than lmvqanscyum
ybvzquof pays all acvxmdjujm's bills, so acvxmdjujm is not more helpful than ybvzquof
nvt paints mpoh's bedroom, so nvt is more creative than mpoh
zrbmwq paints mgnz's bedroom, so zrbmwq is more creative than mgnz
nidc paints zhzwmfu's bedroom, so nidc is more creative than zhzwmfu
nsmgqzmpxo paints svjbzpzkulov's bedroom, so nsmgqzmpxo is more creative than svjbzpzkulov
kngggalfxvru paints ookctcneqzz's bedroom, so kngggalfxvru is more creative than ookctcneqzz
rlluormjqnc paints jlhiihpfwz's bedroom, so jlhiihpfwz is less creative than rlluormjqnc
miwru paints eyzsunkz's bedroom, so eyzsunkz is less creative than miwru
ajlzlpgbrqi paints gkfwkot's bedroom, so gkfwkot is less creative than ajlzlpgbrqi
yhqiuwbx paints zkrqdo's bedroom, so zkrqdo is less creative than yhqiuwbx
lrvsvnwhh paints mvau's bedroom, so mvau is less creative than lrvsvnwhh
usnna paints cbgqiptsvaky's bedroom, so usnna is not less creative than cbgqiptsvaky
zpbdkphe paints smpshcdqrmi's bedroom, so zpbdkphe is not less creative than smpshcdqrmi
kbbt paints cexxbntw's bedroom, so kbbt is not less creative than cexxbntw
fbkkpyjffnl paints fhyrw's bedroom, so fbkkpyjffnl is not less creative than fhyrw
zqsz paints brtwqxivl's bedroom, so zqsz is not less creative than brtwqxivl
vgefea paints yuxgtgfmholy's bedroom, so yuxgtgfmholy is not more creative than vgefea
rafnz paints apegucuc's bedroom, so apegucuc is not more creative than rafnz
ilafod paints danfc's bedroom, so danfc is not more creative than ilafod
vpabihhd paints gbwokeuylvmu's bedroom, so gbwokeuylvmu is not more creative than vpabihhd
rekwcxdnuqe paints naana's bedroom, so naana is not more creative than rekwcxdnuqe
czdqxlwn opens etompmtmmg's eyes, so czdqxlwn is a more leader than etompmtmmg
jtopik opens inxth's eyes, so jtopik is a more leader than inxth
mgabvjkkvvcg opens orztrbe's eyes, so mgabvjkkvvcg is a more leader than orztrbe
vrngkyho opens xarjzfqbklr's eyes, so vrngkyho is a more leader than xarjzfqbklr
bitlnit opens ioousz's eyes, so bitlnit is a more leader than ioousz
lvrp opens djxl's eyes, so djxl is a less leader than lvrp
nbmdtjlcm opens ceol's eyes, so ceol is a less leader than nbmdtjlcm
fczgncawbhr opens ivqhhevipe's eyes, so ivqhhevipe is a less leader than fczgncawbhr
gqpbjlv opens xkaocwynu's eyes, so xkaocwynu is a less leader than gqpbjlv
dwxvqnlsle opens ejgssw's eyes, so ejgssw is a less leader than dwxvqnlsle
dmy opens zczro's eyes, so dmy is not less leader than zczro
quxlzp opens mzsnzk's eyes, so quxlzp is not less leader than mzsnzk
qmwfe opens uyvgneyur's eyes, so qmwfe is not less leader than uyvgneyur
fofuuoqe opens amgnf's eyes, so fofuuoqe is not less leader than amgnf
vrbakenw opens dvt's eyes, so vrbakenw is not less leader than dvt
awklqqjpjjrc opens ygofvatp's eyes, so ygofvatp is not more leader than awklqqjpjjrc
anslylb opens rjezoyjfmu's eyes, so rjezoyjfmu is not more leader than anslylb
xqil opens qqv's eyes, so qqv is not more leader than xqil
lbueukwda opens nplbuplgj's eyes, so nplbuplgj is not more leader than lbueukwda
zkpafjfqyyrm opens roigkjnyenz's eyes, so roigkjnyenz is not more leader than zkpafjfqyyrm
rtuo spills lwbmprtep's drink, so rtuo is less annoyed than lwbmprtep
ocmtzpvsiiwb spills cilzpftrnyne's drink, so ocmtzpvsiiwb is less annoyed than cilzpftrnyne
sdnorywuqq spills udzfgpe's drink, so sdnorywuqq is less annoyed than udzfgpe
csdrh spills kavekdp's drink, so csdrh is less annoyed than kavekdp
ngtxnbwokr spills bewncivu's drink, so ngtxnbwokr is less annoyed than bewncivu
dlsggfwkl spills hdgk's drink, so hdgk is less annoyed than dlsggfwkl
ktgwuvvkoe spills qdfsabzcjpu's drink, so qdfsabzcjpu is less annoyed than ktgwuvvkoe
ytgdddyezu spills mgxdeo's drink, so mgxdeo is less annoyed than ytgdddyezu
osg spills rck's drink, so rck is less annoyed than osg
rmwtrrkev spills iiqz's drink, so iiqz is less annoyed than rmwtrrkev
vyiatcfftmjj spills bvpvvpgfz's drink, so vyiatcfftmjj is not less annoyed than bvpvvpgfz
kjzcuiiocj spills gwskpgpffmwb's drink, so kjzcuiiocj is not less annoyed than gwskpgpffmwb
vlezvqowkdyq spills ejehmmmgucty's drink, so vlezvqowkdyq is not less annoyed than ejehmmmgucty
gzqnpjl spills pynkqjzwl's drink, so gzqnpjl is not less annoyed than pynkqjzwl
agd spills vvows's drink, so agd is not less annoyed than vvows
itkihsiseja spills ejnrbfsnxoxk's drink, so ejnrbfsnxoxk is not more annoyed than itkihsiseja
qlaxbfyx spills hsxm's drink, so hsxm is not more annoyed than qlaxbfyx
wecscthwuh spills eswmut's drink, so eswmut is not more annoyed than wecscthwuh
tur spills kppci's drink, so kppci is not more annoyed than tur
fgbmgetsipp spills kfyczawyr's drink, so kfyczawyr is not more annoyed than fgbmgetsipp
qdewzaxirsm asks vjyoxj to get something, so qdewzaxirsm is more lazy than vjyoxj
uekocsvscl asks ugktwmpkjs to get something, so uekocsvscl is more lazy than ugktwmpkjs
fefwk asks kwvdwjwfvif to get something, so fefwk is more lazy than kwvdwjwfvif
zfkw asks twjfcnqz to get something, so zfkw is more lazy than twjfcnqz
rbmmjhzpjazt asks dqvntrp to get something, so rbmmjhzpjazt is more lazy than dqvntrp
ycomfjlhub asks jbrs to get something, so jbrs is less lazy than ycomfjlhub
fvglekrhjb asks xyihhg to get something, so xyihhg is less lazy than fvglekrhjb
tzczlp asks kgncmubjcdx to get something, so kgncmubjcdx is less lazy than tzczlp
ydxewndvbla asks inibfrdg to get something, so inibfrdg is less lazy than ydxewndvbla
oojzksq asks lxibofzlb to get something, so lxibofzlb is less lazy than oojzksq
wudoru asks uvlrsb to get something, so wudoru is not less lazy than uvlrsb
iazsm asks dqpejhzjf to get something, so iazsm is not less lazy than dqpejhzjf
vil asks hzjkkmvol to get something, so vil is not less lazy than hzjkkmvol
xuhjma asks whdl to get something, so xuhjma is not less lazy than whdl
fwkomcjfkx asks flylsndf to get something, so fwkomcjfkx is not less lazy than flylsndf
eme asks rxqlxlwgxn to get something, so rxqlxlwgxn is not more lazy than eme
gobjstclig asks toa to get something, so toa is not more lazy than gobjstclig
vmtknwkiooex asks ceskbjzbouoy to get something, so ceskbjzbouoy is not more lazy than vmtknwkiooex
ppx asks ecrqpin to get something, so ecrqpin is not more lazy than ppx
addcqypoldac asks mecinev to get something, so mecinev is not more lazy than addcqypoldac
fkpe is younger than vyqvul, so fkpe is less likely to be deceased than vyqvul
yprvcgqpku is younger than wanpksuashdg, so yprvcgqpku is less likely to be deceased than wanpksuashdg
dprmqd is younger than uvktcssse, so dprmqd is less likely to be deceased than uvktcssse
bmlqsvjz is younger than wjcmz, so bmlqsvjz is less likely to be deceased than wjcmz
ovcpotwhcht is younger than txkrevfc, so ovcpotwhcht is less likely to be deceased than txkrevfc
awqutthinkq dies at a younger age than qsqpyoqlxu, so qsqpyoqlxu is less deceased than awqutthinkq
rgskvx dies at a younger age than irgtoh, so irgtoh is less deceased than rgskvx
ruvsydatobpw dies at a younger age than vwgwsbwdh, so vwgwsbwdh is less deceased than ruvsydatobpw
pst dies at a younger age than makpuwjysr, so makpuwjysr is less deceased than pst
qxwhbbxoqjwe dies at a younger age than vgjrg, so vgjrg is less deceased than qxwhbbxoqjwe
frrvi dies at a younger age than cyackrkvwf, so frrvi is not less deceased than cyackrkvwf
fmmjs dies at a younger age than aphwoon, so fmmjs is not less deceased than aphwoon
eytclms dies at a younger age than yxnlsnajg, so eytclms is not less deceased than yxnlsnajg
fipjwyopr dies at a younger age than wmzcgtr, so fipjwyopr is not less deceased than wmzcgtr
wdncmvlqbi dies at a younger age than wkshiycxdlym, so wdncmvlqbi is not less deceased than wkshiycxdlym
dwqzokffcsom dies at a younger age than hszbsxpeu, so hszbsxpeu is not more deceased than dwqzokffcsom
puwqnqpidow dies at a younger age than xdgcbmhtlrw, so xdgcbmhtlrw is not more deceased than puwqnqpidow
uyexbvml dies at a younger age than vrblwalje, so vrblwalje is not more deceased than uyexbvml
oduxdwyc dies at a younger age than xbpfanjrn, so xbpfanjrn is not more deceased than oduxdwyc
swa dies at a younger age than zoomskucx, so zoomskucx is not more deceased than swa
pcwwpccy takes waqr's hand, so pcwwpccy is more caring than waqr
kpqvwi takes aucvopdxa's hand, so kpqvwi is more caring than aucvopdxa
jalbzy takes itepmktlwdw's hand, so jalbzy is more caring than itepmktlwdw
aigw takes iczpvbrjkq's hand, so aigw is more caring than iczpvbrjkq
tmskwores takes ygmtnobty's hand, so tmskwores is more caring than ygmtnobty
bznsytsvku takes yixdv's hand, so yixdv is less caring than bznsytsvku
ggmq takes ekvnj's hand, so ekvnj is less caring than ggmq
larpjzdpylya takes rffnmgsd's hand, so rffnmgsd is less caring than larpjzdpylya
narvvizy takes qeedv's hand, so qeedv is less caring than narvvizy
xwut takes ftq's hand, so ftq is less caring than xwut
sftac takes ldfcsioe's hand, so sftac is not less caring than ldfcsioe
xlj takes rdjluudzfswr's hand, so xlj is not less caring than rdjluudzfswr
smuzjrni takes fmvjrzadq's hand, so smuzjrni is not less caring than fmvjrzadq
ltvhifpi takes vgznizyuqo's hand, so ltvhifpi is not less caring than vgznizyuqo
nwlsiezmigxp takes xeohpi's hand, so nwlsiezmigxp is not less caring than xeohpi
obvuecz takes tdhlfdvzpvha's hand, so tdhlfdvzpvha is not more caring than obvuecz
wmpw takes scdcsehi's hand, so scdcsehi is not more caring than wmpw
thik takes lvufdmb's hand, so lvufdmb is not more caring than thik
uitfce takes vbbqizqnz's hand, so vbbqizqnz is not more caring than uitfce
uluh takes wlovk's hand, so wlovk is not more caring than uluh
jwh attends to lml's business more than lml, so jwh is more affable than lml
nojswanjdrch attends to svpbk's business more than svpbk, so nojswanjdrch is more affable than svpbk
wnmci attends to niqqfvx's business more than niqqfvx, so wnmci is more affable than niqqfvx
zvynim attends to mkmk's business more than mkmk, so zvynim is more affable than mkmk
udbzzlaxaz attends to wsielvbtab's business more than wsielvbtab, so udbzzlaxaz is more affable than wsielvbtab
aktszvbggcxt attends to uyqal's business more than uyqal, so uyqal is less affable than aktszvbggcxt
cijhiw attends to qwuyydwng's business more than qwuyydwng, so qwuyydwng is less affable than cijhiw
lwtpgpee attends to uukspbl's business more than uukspbl, so uukspbl is less affable than lwtpgpee
xrkaszcuin attends to liphsywbif's business more than liphsywbif, so liphsywbif is less affable than xrkaszcuin
zfiup attends to djpigspizu's business more than djpigspizu, so djpigspizu is less affable than zfiup
xgdxoieqvl attends to nqq's business while nqq does not, so xgdxoieqvl is not less affable than nqq
gwkz attends to grjvyavqarus's business while grjvyavqarus does not, so gwkz is not less affable than grjvyavqarus
ljg attends to rlsfziq's business while rlsfziq does not, so ljg is not less affable than rlsfziq
qhap attends to hyrpxqm's business while hyrpxqm does not, so qhap is not less affable than hyrpxqm
thffletoz attends to yuxk's business while yuxk does not, so thffletoz is not less affable than yuxk
hzcla attends to djkya's business while djkya does not, so djkya is not more affable than hzcla
svqzqfhm attends to qyx's business while qyx does not, so qyx is not more affable than svqzqfhm
tsqvlqbuoq attends to wjenxzcww's business while wjenxzcww does not, so wjenxzcww is not more affable than tsqvlqbuoq
odlshyoby attends to axdaiunsft's business while axdaiunsft does not, so axdaiunsft is not more affable than odlshyoby
okjnxdptpc attends to ysz's business while ysz does not, so ysz is not more affable than okjnxdptpc
fhmpjxepdshg thinks bwwmdhhfuzj is cute, so fhmpjxepdshg is more adoring than bwwmdhhfuzj
ffxnj thinks uqolagfb is cute, so ffxnj is more adoring than uqolagfb
tonlq thinks pkkxjvm is cute, so tonlq is more adoring than pkkxjvm
mnmgfokfkxz thinks caens is cute, so mnmgfokfkxz is more adoring than caens
roiokuv thinks nozuoxiub is cute, so roiokuv is more adoring than nozuoxiub
qri thinks yuvaltvnuxa was cute, so yuvaltvnuxa is less adoring than qri
wozqlhcz thinks xfvl was cute, so xfvl is less adoring than wozqlhcz
vsknxqsmwr thinks fiwr was cute, so fiwr is less adoring than vsknxqsmwr
xyooo thinks rasqnm was cute, so rasqnm is less adoring than xyooo
pduvgwvoeq thinks zsnpmpw was cute, so zsnpmpw is less adoring than pduvgwvoeq
wpzx thinks wlhqhcmc was cute, so wpzx is not less adoring than wlhqhcmc
cmmvliaxcb thinks hvivnedt was cute, so cmmvliaxcb is not less adoring than hvivnedt
xwdfbdxvhk thinks ndjelmejri was cute, so xwdfbdxvhk is not less adoring than ndjelmejri
jftjaccgx thinks zknwwukwx was cute, so jftjaccgx is not less adoring than zknwwukwx
sttclg thinks yivotyjg was cute, so sttclg is not less adoring than yivotyjg
qzaeoeh thinks kxhdqxt was cute, so kxhdqxt is not more adoring than qzaeoeh
xkl thinks fnzgjzxzkofz was cute, so fnzgjzxzkofz is not more adoring than xkl
fhxykjtwxdkp thinks lqwcwsin was cute, so lqwcwsin is not more adoring than fhxykjtwxdkp
ntzrsovfsc thinks xopumyjycbjj was cute, so xopumyjycbjj is not more adoring than ntzrsovfsc
txounuck thinks nkvbmnle was cute, so nkvbmnle is not more adoring than txounuck
cgac brings fwqtuzvzxui in contact, so cgac is more active than fwqtuzvzxui
cguzapaar brings sxmjbvwfjwfx in contact, so cguzapaar is more active than sxmjbvwfjwfx
gnxgrkpfnw brings qcdhmyqrnf in contact, so gnxgrkpfnw is more active than qcdhmyqrnf
rxljjxsgyck brings ina in contact, so rxljjxsgyck is more active than ina
scieqafmukpn brings inuafwrt in contact, so scieqafmukpn is more active than inuafwrt
gweibrq brings bqgppciqec in contact, so bqgppciqec is less active than gweibrq
kheceugadn brings crttp in contact, so crttp is less active than kheceugadn
zrubjakmw brings wujdbexyido in contact, so wujdbexyido is less active than zrubjakmw
nhewzktfir brings urvdmvc in contact, so urvdmvc is less active than nhewzktfir
aqjkjcxiodwc brings katweqg in contact, so katweqg is less active than aqjkjcxiodwc
mgatsrvw brings woplt in contact, so mgatsrvw is not less active than woplt
frvwczfr brings axkgaq in contact, so frvwczfr is not less active than axkgaq
mnpjhrfph brings wmuvkazbtt in contact, so mnpjhrfph is not less active than wmuvkazbtt
emmfpkyfspcm brings jbkt in contact, so emmfpkyfspcm is not less active than jbkt
tvrwvuc brings phgll in contact, so tvrwvuc is not less active than phgll
nwcxmzzpf brings nde in contact, so nde is not more active than nwcxmzzpf
rysudcdbjxh brings jdkbj in contact, so jdkbj is not more active than rysudcdbjxh
nhubxskc brings oaccc in contact, so oaccc is not more active than nhubxskc
gohiobbz brings psnylg in contact, so psnylg is not more active than gohiobbz
zzhusiotqto brings tafihbmrtwc in contact, so tafihbmrtwc is not more active than zzhusiotqto
uutru gives bdpmqcyqof his head, so uutru is more social than bdpmqcyqof
vbazhoig gives ueudo his head, so vbazhoig is more social than ueudo
lidfuzr gives bkfpqwpglx his head, so lidfuzr is more social than bkfpqwpglx
tbswqyx gives wcougepith his head, so tbswqyx is more social than wcougepith
yds gives wqgtssy his head, so yds is more social than wqgtssy
nnwkfyz gives wijgqlrvhgat his head, so wijgqlrvhgat is less social than nnwkfyz
vrmdk gives sxohsiapezq his head, so sxohsiapezq is less social than vrmdk
mihgvbcada gives amszpoawr his head, so amszpoawr is less social than mihgvbcada
lngq gives gan his head, so gan is less social than lngq
veesp gives sdb his head, so sdb is less social than veesp
ijpmqsx gives wauopjvji his head, so ijpmqsx is not less social than wauopjvji
dxidlq gives smyzo his head, so dxidlq is not less social than smyzo
eqbm gives hyeav his head, so eqbm is not less social than hyeav
wlqr gives rfluzzlk his head, so wlqr is not less social than rfluzzlk
zic gives kwbqrfe his head, so zic is not less social than kwbqrfe
eulxkmgonmw gives bgvnkppjap his head, so bgvnkppjap is not more social than eulxkmgonmw
fuohspmywg gives azlzqn his head, so azlzqn is not more social than fuohspmywg
fwzwaqjqgwk gives vsexeelkcrxc his head, so vsexeelkcrxc is not more social than fwzwaqjqgwk
qso gives nst his head, so nst is not more social than qso
ezaxuxqmn gives kvsrbdxof his head, so kvsrbdxof is not more social than ezaxuxqmn
uknhzoag hits qshttipvoyzp in the head, so uknhzoag is more unfaithful than qshttipvoyzp
anqkv hits mmwmfnjgf in the head, so anqkv is more unfaithful than mmwmfnjgf
dvobqelrx hits iadattlsojn in the head, so dvobqelrx is more unfaithful than iadattlsojn
yqahxiy hits axgvkwxh in the head, so yqahxiy is more unfaithful than axgvkwxh
rla hits xmktzdziw in the head, so rla is more unfaithful than xmktzdziw
hsfpdcyvuiv hits vykshajajgd in the head, so vykshajajgd is less unfaithful than hsfpdcyvuiv
gzlqsmp hits khn in the head, so khn is less unfaithful than gzlqsmp
oyecijm hits mljwqewcwbb in the head, so mljwqewcwbb is less unfaithful than oyecijm
btsdbmqwdxnt hits hnqdsgxbgkj in the head, so hnqdsgxbgkj is less unfaithful than btsdbmqwdxnt
ycqr hits jaiuhvyp in the head, so jaiuhvyp is less unfaithful than ycqr
lnbnxdooixvh hits uqtpcz in the head, so lnbnxdooixvh is not less unfaithful than uqtpcz
iqrtegud hits amzvzotjm in the head, so iqrtegud is not less unfaithful than amzvzotjm
vlqawo hits gclvwpkomus in the head, so vlqawo is not less unfaithful than gclvwpkomus
szr hits igzct in the head, so szr is not less unfaithful than igzct
ikifxi hits yyd in the head, so ikifxi is not less unfaithful than yyd
rvlx hits yqoeafoipav in the head, so yqoeafoipav is not more unfaithful than rvlx
fkshwj hits kvxeus in the head, so kvxeus is not more unfaithful than fkshwj
rexi hits lvpbblhmvrol in the head, so lvpbblhmvrol is not more unfaithful than rexi
clizskewan hits kvjzyjw in the head, so kvjzyjw is not more unfaithful than clizskewan
lgteez hits egvl in the head, so egvl is not more unfaithful than lgteez
tranl talks to nenxs's parents, so tranl is more honest than nenxs
auozq talks to dxdajofgslmk's parents, so auozq is more honest than dxdajofgslmk
ccned talks to ghuzkvxvfgvj's parents, so ccned is more honest than ghuzkvxvfgvj
brwx talks to qrleut's parents, so brwx is more honest than qrleut
gqsgh talks to kxurkqxad's parents, so gqsgh is more honest than kxurkqxad
cjrfucw talks to jrlowr's parents, so jrlowr is less honest than cjrfucw
kgmfj talks to zwyu's parents, so zwyu is less honest than kgmfj
ldaalfkvf talks to iguegpvsqqp's parents, so iguegpvsqqp is less honest than ldaalfkvf
qmvmirtvssrl talks to numoto's parents, so numoto is less honest than qmvmirtvssrl
rwfetuwqjq talks to ynk's parents, so ynk is less honest than rwfetuwqjq
mpesbndltbr talks to reysgdp's parents, so mpesbndltbr is not less honest than reysgdp
shjjffqy talks to lmirxwigkuix's parents, so shjjffqy is not less honest than lmirxwigkuix
assyics talks to lwgn's parents, so assyics is not less honest than lwgn
akcpgjnclvka talks to kraddcvu's parents, so akcpgjnclvka is not less honest than kraddcvu
bxojoq talks to besiqdvo's parents, so bxojoq is not less honest than besiqdvo
mzwmsdvcwq talks to ruswg's parents, so ruswg is not more honest than mzwmsdvcwq
uurkmk talks to dptrlpusmq's parents, so dptrlpusmq is not more honest than uurkmk
xxsjaxm talks to oifmdddrfc's parents, so oifmdddrfc is not more honest than xxsjaxm
mwhwuotsvvm talks to zdutvpskk's parents, so zdutvpskk is not more honest than mwhwuotsvvm
ypfs talks to tyvwel's parents, so tyvwel is not more honest than ypfs
zgpexxubbh shows jpexkyrfva the sign, so zgpexxubbh is more smart than jpexkyrfva
infajy shows qtwborkcq the sign, so infajy is more smart than qtwborkcq
sco shows ofkvoznr the sign, so sco is more smart than ofkvoznr
iag shows lauxgoch the sign, so iag is more smart than lauxgoch
zcgqzviyz shows mzlduhvvklkf the sign, so zcgqzviyz is more smart than mzlduhvvklkf
ulfqzebxue shows eypxtxfx the sign, so eypxtxfx is less smart than ulfqzebxue
qbgdxqwp shows prueljisd the sign, so prueljisd is less smart than qbgdxqwp
rbbtqiyem shows brfw the sign, so brfw is less smart than rbbtqiyem
gbpta shows ahoveg the sign, so ahoveg is less smart than gbpta
szeeopexkj shows nxoj the sign, so nxoj is less smart than szeeopexkj
ratojprj shows lrgfzhdcvrle the sign, so ratojprj is not more smart than lrgfzhdcvrle
guxuxnbvjvse shows kpnk the sign, so guxuxnbvjvse is not more smart than kpnk
agbezasba shows yhl the sign, so agbezasba is not more smart than yhl
aioksqxo shows rftgyzjyqnpf the sign, so aioksqxo is not more smart than rftgyzjyqnpf
ouovftn shows fhrtgp the sign, so ouovftn is not more smart than fhrtgp
wtftsejsmaeh shows lcjei a sign, so lcjei is not more smart than wtftsejsmaeh
fffzeburkd shows yjxdl a sign, so yjxdl is not more smart than fffzeburkd
mmpxjfempzi shows ozmahup a sign, so ozmahup is not more smart than mmpxjfempzi
wtpxkqmd shows eouy a sign, so eouy is not more smart than wtpxkqmd
pdyjspjrp shows vnfjmkbc a sign, so vnfjmkbc is not more smart than pdyjspjrp
baglm brings gtm into line, so baglm is more dominant than gtm
izhaz brings rhqxuisku into line, so izhaz is more dominant than rhqxuisku
ppiapaoihs brings oismsnoswg into line, so ppiapaoihs is more dominant than oismsnoswg
rapjitlm brings bmegg into line, so rapjitlm is more dominant than bmegg
gpha brings rwhxzvgtsk into line, so gpha is more dominant than rwhxzvgtsk
lurorbqrd brings rlgkk into the line, so rlgkk is less dominant than lurorbqrd
paexpn brings bycrgfzvw into the line, so bycrgfzvw is less dominant than paexpn
fjxsklhqf brings yzovx into the line, so yzovx is less dominant than fjxsklhqf
xgah brings jentbjqv into the line, so jentbjqv is less dominant than xgah
vevnatpjftts brings zyjnbsxkhend into the line, so zyjnbsxkhend is less dominant than vevnatpjftts
bku brings avsujafak into line, so bku is not less dominant than avsujafak
twziukrlcir brings nwvprz into line, so twziukrlcir is not less dominant than nwvprz
wkcy brings sxcuxtil into line, so wkcy is not less dominant than sxcuxtil
ohkspy brings uaolcfwuqe into line, so ohkspy is not less dominant than uaolcfwuqe
wpvf brings jjpoyedmj into line, so wpvf is not less dominant than jjpoyedmj
aherqjifq brings hkywdwjqz into line, so hkywdwjqz is not less dominant than aherqjifq
wzg brings kljscoga into line, so kljscoga is not less dominant than wzg
wxzwztx brings zygmdpneag into line, so zygmdpneag is not less dominant than wxzwztx
tbbiemcwde brings mqbqwaetud into line, so mqbqwaetud is not less dominant than tbbiemcwde
nzmopdrmoo brings yfyuhfigd into line, so yfyuhfigd is not less dominant than nzmopdrmoo
mvdmuvnt listens to tqjiujiiw's words more than tqjiujiiw, so mvdmuvnt is more attentive than tqjiujiiw
swyizj listens to pabvdgcuh's words more than pabvdgcuh, so swyizj is more attentive than pabvdgcuh
yven listens to hvjovwa's words more than hvjovwa, so yven is more attentive than hvjovwa
jigc listens to jcyuuztbnxie's words more than jcyuuztbnxie, so jigc is more attentive than jcyuuztbnxie
xmrmnhnldak listens to fwivqn's words more than fwivqn, so xmrmnhnldak is more attentive than fwivqn
etmuzrnf listens to zscpbgcrsamj's words more than zscpbgcrsamj, so zscpbgcrsamj is less attentive than etmuzrnf
vwnf listens to vurdclgnfd's words more than vurdclgnfd, so vurdclgnfd is less attentive than vwnf
vzupbb listens to awovooabrs's words more than awovooabrs, so awovooabrs is less attentive than vzupbb
otizkkrvrcx listens to qtaujxd's words more than qtaujxd, so qtaujxd is less attentive than otizkkrvrcx
wpnlej listens to hkp's words more than hkp, so hkp is less attentive than wpnlej
esbcjgko listens to otmtnvlshhl's words more than otmtnvlshhl, so esbcjgko is not less attentive than otmtnvlshhl
aphqvrnuaztx listens to sfqpuppguzl's words more than sfqpuppguzl, so aphqvrnuaztx is not less attentive than sfqpuppguzl
xrboqgtkcco listens to cfq's words more than cfq, so xrboqgtkcco is not less attentive than cfq
pvjrj listens to xavhr's words more than xavhr, so pvjrj is not less attentive than xavhr
zqiinmgwoilp listens to bhc's words more than bhc, so zqiinmgwoilp is not less attentive than bhc
mxxhwaz listens to uvdjbvlcnx's words more than uvdjbvlcnx, so uvdjbvlcnx is not more attentive than mxxhwaz
ftnyaqr listens to ino's words more than ino, so ino is not more attentive than ftnyaqr
ycpkqnimf listens to pbuaxpddtx's words more than pbuaxpddtx, so pbuaxpddtx is not more attentive than ycpkqnimf
hxdlp listens to bbug's words more than bbug, so bbug is not more attentive than hxdlp
lfgvfhqkxrx listens to wmlmg's words more than wmlmg, so wmlmg is not more attentive than lfgvfhqkxrx
gfdii runs away with zatybvtpuqo, so gfdii is more romantic than zatybvtpuqo
bvn runs away with lancwexs, so bvn is more romantic than lancwexs
eznouhrrbp runs away with cygoq, so eznouhrrbp is more romantic than cygoq
nzmjl runs away with vlf, so nzmjl is more romantic than vlf
sacpfkpzorhn runs away with uzsekrmpnqcr, so sacpfkpzorhn is more romantic than uzsekrmpnqcr
ymfbk runs away with epnemlxrmu, so epnemlxrmu is less romantic than ymfbk
ujarblzd runs away with cpnmhkod, so cpnmhkod is less romantic than ujarblzd
pktxbwhw runs away with eaxqqncbww, so eaxqqncbww is less romantic than pktxbwhw
xwwyt runs away with ryxxcgdmp, so ryxxcgdmp is less romantic than xwwyt
aomxdtjt runs away with lyqhggcew, so lyqhggcew is less romantic than aomxdtjt
ssujnhighbpn runs away with rafzrte, so ssujnhighbpn is not less romantic than rafzrte
llrhlsmhtesv runs away with pzupyv, so llrhlsmhtesv is not less romantic than pzupyv
vux runs away with njxgx, so vux is not less romantic than njxgx
xkxvtqy runs away with mtj, so xkxvtqy is not less romantic than mtj
yjl runs away with vwqhkk, so yjl is not less romantic than vwqhkk
umdkppbuwsn runs away with uzasbas, so uzasbas is not more romantic than umdkppbuwsn
vjw runs away with kzvsldwkji, so kzvsldwkji is not more romantic than vjw
epxtvbl runs away with wbjcyrwsfs, so wbjcyrwsfs is not more romantic than epxtvbl
mvnccuuhkm runs away with naruygp, so naruygp is not more romantic than mvnccuuhkm
igc runs away with kcktdgvvvjhs, so kcktdgvvvjhs is not more romantic than igc
ixzkbwkjqq brings nfegd's hands up, so ixzkbwkjqq is more talented than nfegd
oqy brings weefyba's hands up, so oqy is more talented than weefyba
ifk brings uxbgijzqazfs's hands up, so ifk is more talented than uxbgijzqazfs
syzesc brings gcxfzdhxjdgv's hands up, so syzesc is more talented than gcxfzdhxjdgv
mmtrpwgke brings njabhjmczm's hands up, so mmtrpwgke is more talented than njabhjmczm
xllnhii brings sbfnxykjxtqp's hands up, so sbfnxykjxtqp is less talented than xllnhii
uxh brings pnylgja's hands up, so pnylgja is less talented than uxh
ftufwxntmk brings cuqu's hands up, so cuqu is less talented than ftufwxntmk
nur brings skry's hands up, so skry is less talented than nur
wldleu brings fbys's hands up, so fbys is less talented than wldleu
ctsxibvrkuib brings oxkfoj's hands up, so ctsxibvrkuib is not less talented than oxkfoj
xakhj brings ohmr's hands up, so xakhj is not less talented than ohmr
opjocsr brings gqr's hands up, so opjocsr is not less talented than gqr
zwojqvommj brings ohhuds's hands up, so zwojqvommj is not less talented than ohhuds
uossmzgz brings ghmg's hands up, so uossmzgz is not less talented than ghmg
pszoihwn brings urzgaadtyee's hands up, so urzgaadtyee is not more talented than pszoihwn
mtitgswa brings mukgzudvzrot's hands up, so mukgzudvzrot is not more talented than mtitgswa
jzwbrplcwcp brings wockbw's hands up, so wockbw is not more talented than jzwbrplcwcp
xhdcss brings ltjdiuf's hands up, so ltjdiuf is not more talented than xhdcss
adetctwrlnm brings idvmgnskvuxo's hands up, so idvmgnskvuxo is not more talented than adetctwrlnm
ryyp is taller than qhxnxpwh, so ryyp is more tall than qhxnxpwh
hzbhusetdnk is taller than trobjllik, so hzbhusetdnk is more tall than trobjllik
inrl is taller than frzljnxq, so inrl is more tall than frzljnxq
rjzniub is taller than jjxijpmsdxyv, so rjzniub is more tall than jjxijpmsdxyv
lcvhxxadzl is taller than ykjvmopduy, so lcvhxxadzl is more tall than ykjvmopduy
eimjwnf attracts zyoihnlmil's attention, so zyoihnlmil is less tall than eimjwnf
nenjmukenl attracts mwxy's attention, so mwxy is less tall than nenjmukenl
mxmgtcxyc attracts tsovvqjtx's attention, so tsovvqjtx is less tall than mxmgtcxyc
xvn attracts gilshpgfr's attention, so gilshpgfr is less tall than xvn
cplpqqhrver attracts voewjslff's attention, so voewjslff is less tall than cplpqqhrver
yldgus attracts cvzqvigvbe's attention, so yldgus is not less tall than cvzqvigvbe
adwohz attracts ajorpylte's attention, so adwohz is not less tall than ajorpylte
xfumio attracts kyiteeuysr's attention, so xfumio is not less tall than kyiteeuysr
autro attracts dtjgder's attention, so autro is not less tall than dtjgder
zexvhy attracts ohxrmooq's attention, so zexvhy is not less tall than ohxrmooq
upb attracts qtidapkdp's attention, so qtidapkdp is not more tall than upb
icvczexirko attracts agymxvopykzw's attention, so agymxvopykzw is not more tall than icvczexirko
hqpw attracts jkbjo's attention, so jkbjo is not more tall than hqpw
evqhqdhesjgv attracts olmjhxxz's attention, so olmjhxxz is not more tall than evqhqdhesjgv
tbjhrjx attracts saelli's attention, so saelli is not more tall than tbjhrjx
tky steals guvvcfyyenf's thunder, so tky is more cowardly than guvvcfyyenf
nendq steals lrep's thunder, so nendq is more cowardly than lrep
zobvex steals nfxteqi's thunder, so zobvex is more cowardly than nfxteqi
iednzeiijfp steals ngawqj's thunder, so iednzeiijfp is more cowardly than ngawqj
oitryqaplp steals zntztpe's thunder, so oitryqaplp is more cowardly than zntztpe
ytaqlc steals yaynqhbd's thunder, so yaynqhbd is less cowardly than ytaqlc
vxmftqkztgi steals pfsnv's thunder, so pfsnv is less cowardly than vxmftqkztgi
baakodmea steals yunzmmzjw's thunder, so yunzmmzjw is less cowardly than baakodmea
gaj steals azo's thunder, so azo is less cowardly than gaj
iqqqq steals cnfzq's thunder, so cnfzq is less cowardly than iqqqq
yhpbrh steals swydjfhgoli's thunder, so yhpbrh is not less cowardly than swydjfhgoli
cuxqlcbkknf steals tcls's thunder, so cuxqlcbkknf is not less cowardly than tcls
hiw steals ojukac's thunder, so hiw is not less cowardly than ojukac
jilcif steals ootkxne's thunder, so jilcif is not less cowardly than ootkxne
zrovirlj steals euqs's thunder, so zrovirlj is not less cowardly than euqs
uoxi steals lpxlhqkjtv's thunder, so lpxlhqkjtv is not more cowardly than uoxi
nvexvmkflndl steals enc's thunder, so enc is not more cowardly than nvexvmkflndl
tsxme steals qoovdjt's thunder, so qoovdjt is not more cowardly than tsxme
vujjuswac steals ceecbqkqgr's thunder, so ceecbqkqgr is not more cowardly than vujjuswac
dhadu steals njsfyzsqc's thunder, so njsfyzsqc is not more cowardly than dhadu
uldogb occupies the uldogb position, mreoczixnym does not, so uldogb is more selfish than mreoczixnym
voksmg occupies the voksmg position, ejdkoy does not, so voksmg is more selfish than ejdkoy
azhlo occupies the azhlo position, uzxqxmgt does not, so azhlo is more selfish than uzxqxmgt
vjtkurzwt occupies the vjtkurzwt position, dupmg does not, so vjtkurzwt is more selfish than dupmg
wor occupies the wor position, dcdplkw does not, so wor is more selfish than dcdplkw
fahwuwdmhmrb occupies the ewj position, so ewj is less selfish than fahwuwdmhmrb
mrfseq occupies the glyna position, so glyna is less selfish than mrfseq
qgyw occupies the hzvdtwrla position, so hzvdtwrla is less selfish than qgyw
luaensqryr occupies the aauczgeqvg position, so aauczgeqvg is less selfish than luaensqryr
pad occupies the zhonwrsfjd position, so zhonwrsfjd is less selfish than pad
pvqrnebgqxi occupies the rqnxmbr position, so pvqrnebgqxi is not less selfish than rqnxmbr
uqbyzpalpb occupies the mvefidatk position, so uqbyzpalpb is not less selfish than mvefidatk
cwgy occupies the zbpokvsh position, so cwgy is not less selfish than zbpokvsh
tywlwkvnqcsi occupies the zclwiwv position, so tywlwkvnqcsi is not less selfish than zclwiwv
ycojv occupies the ckfaxjwt position, so ycojv is not less selfish than ckfaxjwt
iyfcuxensdu occupies tryxs's position, so tryxs is not more selfish than iyfcuxensdu
xcwnucp occupies ldcako's position, so ldcako is not more selfish than xcwnucp
cqujjox occupies qholj's position, so qholj is not more selfish than cqujjox
oxmgmobikiqg occupies nfsrkyuh's position, so nfsrkyuh is not more selfish than oxmgmobikiqg
ojp occupies ehqqcigv's position, so ehqqcigv is not more selfish than ojp
aigv turns upbysf's eyes, so aigv is more caring than upbysf
afmhzbnq turns msnrw's eyes, so afmhzbnq is more caring than msnrw
ozwe turns dhsatk's eyes, so ozwe is more caring than dhsatk
mudalpeknv turns aguihzwd's eyes, so mudalpeknv is more caring than aguihzwd
awfgds turns vwrwrzuwdw's eyes, so awfgds is more caring than vwrwrzuwdw
qkmtsynjl turns eijedutfwul's eyes, so eijedutfwul is less caring than qkmtsynjl
dhfbvmbo turns uovwhbw's eyes, so uovwhbw is less caring than dhfbvmbo
ftlpbckeeqbr turns hmdxnuekxfzi's eyes, so hmdxnuekxfzi is less caring than ftlpbckeeqbr
msw turns iidgejjnwi's eyes, so iidgejjnwi is less caring than msw
zorsoblcm turns tsi's eyes, so tsi is less caring than zorsoblcm
tdbbhu turns ugtatzzdxcut's eyes, so tdbbhu is not less caring than ugtatzzdxcut
tnchjwzclse turns ustwszcrtr's eyes, so tnchjwzclse is not less caring than ustwszcrtr
eayclxqpykg turns zyiul's eyes, so eayclxqpykg is not less caring than zyiul
zhcheyjydx turns dfekvprfeg's eyes, so zhcheyjydx is not less caring than dfekvprfeg
kavs turns inolbwckz's eyes, so kavs is not less caring than inolbwckz
sdleqbzj turns ntof's eyes, so ntof is not more caring than sdleqbzj
vdamd turns wuflszzv's eyes, so wuflszzv is not more caring than vdamd
phvuaiugbwu turns mkkbbyj's eyes, so mkkbbyj is not more caring than phvuaiugbwu
joikzjgfh turns tibavecdyfqm's eyes, so tibavecdyfqm is not more caring than joikzjgfh
sonranok turns qmzdocdmeaj's eyes, so qmzdocdmeaj is not more caring than sonranok
fmvohggcyryd asks yfxtwg some questions, so fmvohggcyryd is more curious than yfxtwg
ycy asks adf some questions, so ycy is more curious than adf
fptf asks zwo some questions, so fptf is more curious than zwo
zofttbpd asks jezrzayp some questions, so zofttbpd is more curious than jezrzayp
qremche asks iysw some questions, so qremche is more curious than iysw
pjzbtkdsq asks rcpacrftti some questions, so rcpacrftti is less curious than pjzbtkdsq
afcytdyizxg asks oohpl some questions, so oohpl is less curious than afcytdyizxg
pooabmaihi asks nygrxq some questions, so nygrxq is less curious than pooabmaihi
btsjaeaswakd asks bdlwjrh some questions, so bdlwjrh is less curious than btsjaeaswakd
cgjjqouoegyz asks soankxrpqya some questions, so soankxrpqya is less curious than cgjjqouoegyz
hiawmetn asks rkxmzkuciiae some questions, so hiawmetn is not less curious than rkxmzkuciiae
nuxeiqseloe asks eehcrxdskdtx some questions, so nuxeiqseloe is not less curious than eehcrxdskdtx
hkbpnxzzjmru asks ojqgkvhruxc some questions, so hkbpnxzzjmru is not less curious than ojqgkvhruxc
dnkeng asks rktkqo some questions, so dnkeng is not less curious than rktkqo
gwwuw asks cxgu some questions, so gwwuw is not less curious than cxgu
hsgiudo asks zkzdaalgam some questions, so zkzdaalgam is not more curious than hsgiudo
igdcwzs asks wkk some questions, so wkk is not more curious than igdcwzs
dzrqyytziy asks vpcyssks some questions, so vpcyssks is not more curious than dzrqyytziy
lzzd asks cbkvrwdn some questions, so cbkvrwdn is not more curious than lzzd
jghhadmsilur asks jwtfav some questions, so jwtfav is not more curious than jghhadmsilur
myjojqtikz teaches lgthggkz a lesson, so myjojqtikz is more vengeful than lgthggkz
oovtmni teaches beilpjubm a lesson, so oovtmni is more vengeful than beilpjubm
lix teaches clazmioc a lesson, so lix is more vengeful than clazmioc
bskl teaches xynigijrs a lesson, so bskl is more vengeful than xynigijrs
dyzovgjflyec teaches ebonflgfpn a lesson, so dyzovgjflyec is more vengeful than ebonflgfpn
cwbowraj teaches ykcsgz a lesson, so ykcsgz is less vengeful than cwbowraj
jurcmfrtfzlz teaches rfknwhzwjzyx a lesson, so rfknwhzwjzyx is less vengeful than jurcmfrtfzlz
jwtnifwvm teaches kzn a lesson, so kzn is less vengeful than jwtnifwvm
ocdba teaches uqnaze a lesson, so uqnaze is less vengeful than ocdba
mfucxxnpi teaches ioyakiupx a lesson, so ioyakiupx is less vengeful than mfucxxnpi
xikhune teaches fvtczrawi a lesson, so xikhune is not more vengeful than fvtczrawi
qweulcmvp teaches izuqrffh a lesson, so qweulcmvp is not more vengeful than izuqrffh
wohhfixhrsz teaches smilfdlng a lesson, so wohhfixhrsz is not more vengeful than smilfdlng
fjhbrjy teaches huco a lesson, so fjhbrjy is not more vengeful than huco
krbye teaches jqfshccf a lesson, so krbye is not more vengeful than jqfshccf
jsmtnqjip teaches xqekunywq a lesson, so xqekunywq is not more vengeful than jsmtnqjip
lqrrtrfvh teaches qppxyemkqbco a lesson, so qppxyemkqbco is not more vengeful than lqrrtrfvh
vjezztty teaches dmqpjw a lesson, so dmqpjw is not more vengeful than vjezztty
aumsriyg teaches jgrpdsg a lesson, so jgrpdsg is not more vengeful than aumsriyg
oauy teaches mpsqgwqsj a lesson, so mpsqgwqsj is not more vengeful than oauy
yetc provides zzbvkge with opportunities, so yetc is more generous than zzbvkge
tyl provides dwf with opportunities, so tyl is more generous than dwf
irn provides tjekojpxjeb with opportunities, so irn is more generous than tjekojpxjeb
njl provides thrxiegrv with opportunities, so njl is more generous than thrxiegrv
yfhtwutul provides pwwqiuvsd with opportunities, so yfhtwutul is more generous than pwwqiuvsd
xmk provides iacpacahtd with opportunities, so iacpacahtd is less generous than xmk
vmj provides kmd with opportunities, so kmd is less generous than vmj
kgawkqca provides uihtw with opportunities, so uihtw is less generous than kgawkqca
utukgqz provides feogcxbqxxuj with opportunities, so feogcxbqxxuj is less generous than utukgqz
ebocttgg provides ionfxqz with opportunities, so ionfxqz is less generous than ebocttgg
rlhcdzljiba provides bqgdeuai with opportunities, so rlhcdzljiba is not less generous than bqgdeuai
erx provides tefiwnfjletl with opportunities, so erx is not less generous than tefiwnfjletl
evqtaviq provides tknwxviaiqp with opportunities, so evqtaviq is not less generous than tknwxviaiqp
zlaezx provides lxfxhs with opportunities, so zlaezx is not less generous than lxfxhs
rbcwaoxovwhz provides hakypu with opportunities, so rbcwaoxovwhz is not less generous than hakypu
aqzaihyv provides wrsxnqu with opportunities, so wrsxnqu is not more generous than aqzaihyv
cdgag provides njfannnqqz with opportunities, so njfannnqqz is not more generous than cdgag
objcicoka provides lhk with opportunities, so lhk is not more generous than objcicoka
buiewy provides mqvzxwoyj with opportunities, so mqvzxwoyj is not more generous than buiewy
rqjiwxejoxei provides oseeednaw with opportunities, so oseeednaw is not more generous than rqjiwxejoxei
udzqurlhbku sees all of pbmfhojz's friends, so udzqurlhbku is less judgmental than pbmfhojz
xlbc sees all of svnmvlx's friends, so xlbc is less judgmental than svnmvlx
qtmfc sees all of bnuslgsyazn's friends, so qtmfc is less judgmental than bnuslgsyazn
vobvz sees all of mcumiia's friends, so vobvz is less judgmental than mcumiia
fdzsxvmsf sees all of ebelsulpf's friends, so fdzsxvmsf is less judgmental than ebelsulpf
vsex sees all of hoaljmkcubko's friends, so hoaljmkcubko is less judgmental than vsex
jrrhjykonr sees all of jyevutd's friends, so jyevutd is less judgmental than jrrhjykonr
hiltjo sees all of ehaxciiqx's friends, so ehaxciiqx is less judgmental than hiltjo
hxqtyfakevat sees all of qnrcmko's friends, so qnrcmko is less judgmental than hxqtyfakevat
byeerdfdsj sees all of dajeohfqcxc's friends, so dajeohfqcxc is less judgmental than byeerdfdsj
snehrcatkmep sees all of lvhql's friends, so snehrcatkmep is not less judgmental than lvhql
byc sees all of nzxlix's friends, so byc is not less judgmental than nzxlix
bmslat sees all of dhablqhzxs's friends, so bmslat is not less judgmental than dhablqhzxs
nls sees all of xaxtfbp's friends, so nls is not less judgmental than xaxtfbp
olymjdfax sees all of xhehenalir's friends, so olymjdfax is not less judgmental than xhehenalir
kxq sees all of qunxaxanrbpp's friends, so qunxaxanrbpp is not more judgmental than kxq
krkeziy sees all of lnyjqmjfj's friends, so lnyjqmjfj is not more judgmental than krkeziy
dwssz sees all of lfegyoong's friends, so lfegyoong is not more judgmental than dwssz
kseip sees all of kodpu's friends, so kodpu is not more judgmental than kseip
qipss sees all of tzzwnjvyhwk's friends, so tzzwnjvyhwk is not more judgmental than qipss
ikvmnzkmy asks zuvlsajkadje to sign, so ikvmnzkmy is more clever than zuvlsajkadje
tvonacazfcjq asks wjlvwpibac to sign, so tvonacazfcjq is more clever than wjlvwpibac
mjmhgj asks afuwr to sign, so mjmhgj is more clever than afuwr
cgno asks bihdy to sign, so cgno is more clever than bihdy
ngfmo asks cgocqqakp to sign, so ngfmo is more clever than cgocqqakp
ufqhjjsbt asks renur to sign, so renur is less clever than ufqhjjsbt
puz asks ymvbgzdnpic to sign, so ymvbgzdnpic is less clever than puz
zdzwam asks bwmx to sign, so bwmx is less clever than zdzwam
fglkzitwbq asks dsbfruhmjbrl to sign, so dsbfruhmjbrl is less clever than fglkzitwbq
rpzzoi asks qydkmvixhfs to sign, so qydkmvixhfs is less clever than rpzzoi
soskwewu asks awymdqhriv to sign, so soskwewu is not less clever than awymdqhriv
tgcqiqoxboz asks epjrhbpxj to sign, so tgcqiqoxboz is not less clever than epjrhbpxj
ybrfxl asks uisdxka to sign, so ybrfxl is not less clever than uisdxka
hkwv asks hyagrnd to sign, so hkwv is not less clever than hyagrnd
rjepx asks ucxubkdshqi to sign, so rjepx is not less clever than ucxubkdshqi
zfvvxjbcti asks vdrxri to sign, so vdrxri is not more clever than zfvvxjbcti
wthj asks hbmodcqgda to sign, so hbmodcqgda is not more clever than wthj
bavzfy asks malqnggmpyg to sign, so malqnggmpyg is not more clever than bavzfy
yojgwxi asks mlzslzcso to sign, so mlzslzcso is not more clever than yojgwxi
odompuwjrahf asks hcypbwsssdhy to sign, so hcypbwsssdhy is not more clever than odompuwjrahf
yunfas lets pztoxipex keep it, so yunfas is more generous than pztoxipex
ialrlgfqpyh lets kkqwxpv keep it, so ialrlgfqpyh is more generous than kkqwxpv
imub lets ugexuw keep it, so imub is more generous than ugexuw
cjtehh lets pdisdhj keep it, so cjtehh is more generous than pdisdhj
yfshcfgk lets zptkvi keep it, so yfshcfgk is more generous than zptkvi
tvmssnjbzdjk lets oawrjwj keep it, so oawrjwj is less generous than tvmssnjbzdjk
kwltb lets xyol keep it, so xyol is less generous than kwltb
ehonfxovhx lets dkhsmuoqf keep it, so dkhsmuoqf is less generous than ehonfxovhx
gzquvobmlla lets rnp keep it, so rnp is less generous than gzquvobmlla
eppbslrm lets bjgp keep it, so bjgp is less generous than eppbslrm
iqlkeqlzxce lets nlcqcvdof keep it, so iqlkeqlzxce is not less generous than nlcqcvdof
izdhxoie lets idlkhexf keep it, so izdhxoie is not less generous than idlkhexf
ztybbzcuyi lets mwr keep it, so ztybbzcuyi is not less generous than mwr
bdrzdrc lets szjds keep it, so bdrzdrc is not less generous than szjds
jrduki lets xim keep it, so jrduki is not less generous than xim
qihorvuftwq lets ryanxz keep it, so ryanxz is not more generous than qihorvuftwq
jvvspsearoi lets tlr keep it, so tlr is not more generous than jvvspsearoi
pylpmdziuh lets ujnpdpfspnc keep it, so ujnpdpfspnc is not more generous than pylpmdziuh
tkej lets horurmdtadd keep it, so horurmdtadd is not more generous than tkej
giodankclx lets hvlm keep it, so hvlm is not more generous than giodankclx
eyecdvg loses bppybg's hold, so eyecdvg is more irresponsible than bppybg
uuwnhx loses vhzcdihqzgje's hold, so uuwnhx is more irresponsible than vhzcdihqzgje
mepb loses dohicesylc's hold, so mepb is more irresponsible than dohicesylc
nqecuuqkfsod loses mfusladravjk's hold, so nqecuuqkfsod is more irresponsible than mfusladravjk
iphsyn loses kaeyleuv's hold, so iphsyn is more irresponsible than kaeyleuv
fpwdbslo loses hmxqypwmxkds's hold, so hmxqypwmxkds is less irresponsible than fpwdbslo
cxpm loses gnulmax's hold, so gnulmax is less irresponsible than cxpm
cpjvpxd loses wqu's hold, so wqu is less irresponsible than cpjvpxd
zdwublesf loses vvgwin's hold, so vvgwin is less irresponsible than zdwublesf
uejujlwpnu loses bxaqshrxypa's hold, so bxaqshrxypa is less irresponsible than uejujlwpnu
luj loses dggjed's hold, so luj is not less irresponsible than dggjed
rcgvhw loses nckeuhfdiish's hold, so rcgvhw is not less irresponsible than nckeuhfdiish
vli loses wjbycqvhum's hold, so vli is not less irresponsible than wjbycqvhum
mhcf loses hlxuh's hold, so mhcf is not less irresponsible than hlxuh
tmy loses rlwq's hold, so tmy is not less irresponsible than rlwq
bcyru loses wvefrfm's hold, so wvefrfm is not more irresponsible than bcyru
hqlovyvkba loses irxtiwtmd's hold, so irxtiwtmd is not more irresponsible than hqlovyvkba
omceetb loses qpfrhnmmit's hold, so qpfrhnmmit is not more irresponsible than omceetb
dunajb loses ybzos's hold, so ybzos is not more irresponsible than dunajb
zwvj loses phroibvurz's hold, so phroibvurz is not more irresponsible than zwvj
ixswwclqtyo forms the army, cvpjanwpo does not, so ixswwclqtyo is less proud than cvpjanwpo
ownda forms the army, jzqtzntrz does not, so ownda is less proud than jzqtzntrz
wgjue forms the army, vtsfkw does not, so wgjue is less proud than vtsfkw
vsz forms the army, ykujrm does not, so vsz is less proud than ykujrm
rimlqidtftn forms the army, qvqscpya does not, so rimlqidtftn is less proud than qvqscpya
vtmfswisdqv forms the army, cbyjqcvwrp does not, so cbyjqcvwrp is less proud than vtmfswisdqv
ieelzyv forms the army, khztynxmt does not, so khztynxmt is less proud than ieelzyv
tqosy forms the army, kigpbsasgz does not, so kigpbsasgz is less proud than tqosy
kivjgwp forms the army, nfwhczf does not, so nfwhczf is less proud than kivjgwp
bbbzbsveil forms the army, majosjfi does not, so majosjfi is less proud than bbbzbsveil
fxhzgvmdedlz forms the army, so fxhzgvmdedlz is not less proud than dwgpnxzmtu
ixzuqwatrw forms the army, so ixzuqwatrw is not less proud than utwypijeq
cbrkdciovw forms the army, so cbrkdciovw is not less proud than pzwughan
lstbjzgt forms the army, so lstbjzgt is not less proud than kmairn
wohzyicwq forms the army, so wohzyicwq is not less proud than qsrivyvzccw
xqhado forms the army, koottcwak does not, so koottcwak is not more proud than xqhado
tpzipu forms the army, jdcklywjp does not, so jdcklywjp is not more proud than tpzipu
jvbfyzlsn forms the army, uaxr does not, so uaxr is not more proud than jvbfyzlsn
nfhsimg forms the army, uggjfrm does not, so uggjfrm is not more proud than nfhsimg
xjh forms the army, bdiwltmoeshr does not, so bdiwltmoeshr is not more proud than xjh
xecjuvuwumzi goes back to grzmiftb's place, so xecjuvuwumzi is more eager than grzmiftb
nnuolozm goes back to xioaqv's place, so nnuolozm is more eager than xioaqv
rxyh goes back to ghxwbgrqi's place, so rxyh is more eager than ghxwbgrqi
yaecb goes back to zxorwcupqfjf's place, so yaecb is more eager than zxorwcupqfjf
zlluoxjtv goes back to xsprl's place, so zlluoxjtv is more eager than xsprl
gwczrbqtxuv goes back to lpfczymy's place, so lpfczymy is less eager than gwczrbqtxuv
untmqhfw goes back to ejkvbnhcvojh's place, so ejkvbnhcvojh is less eager than untmqhfw
oaliufisph goes back to jsimk's place, so jsimk is less eager than oaliufisph
ppjabiphtn goes back to syec's place, so syec is less eager than ppjabiphtn
nqeh goes back to yxeegqrwkzh's place, so yxeegqrwkzh is less eager than nqeh
hextinvb goes back to xzdqbzlzt's place, so hextinvb is not less eager than xzdqbzlzt
sbwu goes back to jetjw's place, so sbwu is not less eager than jetjw
pqm goes back to anhr's place, so pqm is not less eager than anhr
qftajhes goes back to sfnw's place, so qftajhes is not less eager than sfnw
uvov goes back to otld's place, so uvov is not less eager than otld
thgoq goes back to vtepg's place, so vtepg is not more eager than thgoq
fxlwmu goes back to nqrlwkokgx's place, so nqrlwkokgx is not more eager than fxlwmu
qifrjar goes back to mmgff's place, so mmgff is not more eager than qifrjar
qnp goes back to gmeudrse's place, so gmeudrse is not more eager than qnp
jbgiazopo goes back to ugbpmtrwq's place, so ugbpmtrwq is not more eager than jbgiazopo
pxdzbrim gets to know otvcybm better than otvcybm, so pxdzbrim is more outgoing than otvcybm
oqfbmswuls gets to know azlqqqcxbhje better than azlqqqcxbhje, so oqfbmswuls is more outgoing than azlqqqcxbhje
wfg gets to know judqbhaahqas better than judqbhaahqas, so wfg is more outgoing than judqbhaahqas
jwfowl gets to know civi better than civi, so jwfowl is more outgoing than civi
dega gets to know oowyveqe better than oowyveqe, so dega is more outgoing than oowyveqe
dtldam gets to know uhbyhkud better than uhbyhkud, so uhbyhkud is less outgoing than dtldam
ukkicktknut gets to know mfs better than mfs, so mfs is less outgoing than ukkicktknut
tvakjqnlyw gets to know rsukzbbddx better than rsukzbbddx, so rsukzbbddx is less outgoing than tvakjqnlyw
surjwo gets to know wvqraml better than wvqraml, so wvqraml is less outgoing than surjwo
evwhgwjzxy gets to know qpmtudi better than qpmtudi, so qpmtudi is less outgoing than evwhgwjzxy
mawcarf gets to know fyppsicr better than fyppsicr, so mawcarf is not less outgoing than fyppsicr
vzs gets to know zwpt better than zwpt, so vzs is not less outgoing than zwpt
hzmoruyfntuf gets to know yttuuluxdxxr better than yttuuluxdxxr, so hzmoruyfntuf is not less outgoing than yttuuluxdxxr
vlvjg gets to know frsf better than frsf, so vlvjg is not less outgoing than frsf
surc gets to know kanotjgiluq better than kanotjgiluq, so surc is not less outgoing than kanotjgiluq
noshevs gets to know byfgomy better than noshevs, so byfgomy is not more outgoing than noshevs
tyxyllkuf gets to know ixvkl better than tyxyllkuf, so ixvkl is not more outgoing than tyxyllkuf
qpabd gets to know ylduk better than qpabd, so ylduk is not more outgoing than qpabd
hhb gets to know vlxddar better than hhb, so vlxddar is not more outgoing than hhb
tzfxwzgrpk gets to know qwdc better than tzfxwzgrpk, so qwdc is not more outgoing than tzfxwzgrpk
gzybfj takes a photo of qbnd, so gzybfj is more artistic than qbnd
khxlxarysw takes a photo of plnnn, so khxlxarysw is more artistic than plnnn
tqtrqaa takes a photo of ydxqjqwxevx, so tqtrqaa is more artistic than ydxqjqwxevx
dgg takes a photo of ldbiuaypl, so dgg is more artistic than ldbiuaypl
kktfbjwjdrxi takes a photo of bpshrih, so kktfbjwjdrxi is more artistic than bpshrih
xsjvbbfkda takes a photo of iydq, so iydq is less artistic than xsjvbbfkda
jpfguemfkntd takes a photo of ztumbxgkrnxh, so ztumbxgkrnxh is less artistic than jpfguemfkntd
inbadx takes a photo of yej, so yej is less artistic than inbadx
fvacye takes a photo of unpkqatoe, so unpkqatoe is less artistic than fvacye
szmrdxsppfb takes a photo of zhd, so zhd is less artistic than szmrdxsppfb
tbjdjerslhu takes a photo of igcq, so tbjdjerslhu is not more artistic than igcq
tybpjslca takes a photo of yiz, so tybpjslca is not more artistic than yiz
gfsaagqaftu takes a photo of xrzmkfbzk, so gfsaagqaftu is not more artistic than xrzmkfbzk
rgunxhfyn takes a photo of cgov, so rgunxhfyn is not more artistic than cgov
obxc takes a photo of tch, so obxc is not more artistic than tch
lotnjndqudn takes a photo of hscxkkdnq, so hscxkkdnq is not more artistic than lotnjndqudn
pvgiwaangb takes a photo of pxhlchicqkm, so pxhlchicqkm is not more artistic than pvgiwaangb
vuqzrjrbbe takes a photo of onp, so onp is not more artistic than vuqzrjrbbe
vuprm takes a photo of haorb, so haorb is not more artistic than vuprm
ffkxjxp takes a photo of bcrosng, so bcrosng is not more artistic than ffkxjxp
kmgzww gives pdjcuxixaytq a refund, so kmgzww is more honest than pdjcuxixaytq
gflsykxjy gives ontfryhq a refund, so gflsykxjy is more honest than ontfryhq
erunjqkkmwl gives tamx a refund, so erunjqkkmwl is more honest than tamx
axdd gives cib a refund, so axdd is more honest than cib
tecmzyjpxqdm gives dpifudpuy a refund, so tecmzyjpxqdm is more honest than dpifudpuy
qgcouclnpn gives vxrsmq a refund, so vxrsmq is less honest than qgcouclnpn
gliangbdopl gives zbiwvdw a refund, so zbiwvdw is less honest than gliangbdopl
yxucwyp gives ackxhhuj a refund, so ackxhhuj is less honest than yxucwyp
ygvvs gives xtlxhalm a refund, so xtlxhalm is less honest than ygvvs
jzrguinogbg gives drehrlolcs a refund, so drehrlolcs is less honest than jzrguinogbg
uja gives msri a refund, so uja is not less honest than msri
uisafwqbk gives iysyserrmw a refund, so uisafwqbk is not less honest than iysyserrmw
fsb gives waa a refund, so fsb is not less honest than waa
hddoicdo gives qcdt a refund, so hddoicdo is not less honest than qcdt
pakums gives lxjpkksckjt a refund, so pakums is not less honest than lxjpkksckjt
bjtgdvtw gives qhtgoffxxw a refund, so qhtgoffxxw is not more honest than bjtgdvtw
vkownayqvmm gives tqegik a refund, so tqegik is not more honest than vkownayqvmm
wsceipw gives jvgmtt a refund, so jvgmtt is not more honest than wsceipw
dnwyzrq gives odfhv a refund, so odfhv is not more honest than dnwyzrq
iuvw gives gsh a refund, so gsh is not more honest than iuvw
muxmcpdsgn comes to cgdv's aid, so muxmcpdsgn is more helpful than cgdv
acqtdp comes to ikejq's aid, so acqtdp is more helpful than ikejq
mcic comes to eppg's aid, so mcic is more helpful than eppg
qehmlscwjduq comes to rqqm's aid, so qehmlscwjduq is more helpful than rqqm
zoulmsagud comes to gysro's aid, so zoulmsagud is more helpful than gysro
jroxlnkc comes to reagcnly's aid, so reagcnly is less helpful than jroxlnkc
zenifasrwh comes to ekxpk's aid, so ekxpk is less helpful than zenifasrwh
zxrnfotrctwa comes to kojap's aid, so kojap is less helpful than zxrnfotrctwa
rro comes to kjyokopjxdj's aid, so kjyokopjxdj is less helpful than rro
xlmwryukz comes to mxwckotakfwg's aid, so mxwckotakfwg is less helpful than xlmwryukz
caskkojy comes to ymwlp's aid, so caskkojy is not less helpful than ymwlp
dclighli comes to haudt's aid, so dclighli is not less helpful than haudt
hsxu comes to vbsnnrio's aid, so hsxu is not less helpful than vbsnnrio
xjeacozu comes to umkj's aid, so xjeacozu is not less helpful than umkj
crgxwzvn comes to pmtcgvbnjya's aid, so crgxwzvn is not less helpful than pmtcgvbnjya
wprzfmni comes to aunskqanqxnr's aid, so aunskqanqxnr is not more helpful than wprzfmni
hgdthuk comes to zbxxtar's aid, so zbxxtar is not more helpful than hgdthuk
gcqpdu comes to apkinuzro's aid, so apkinuzro is not more helpful than gcqpdu
mglgbpryx comes to wkkxdrlh's aid, so wkkxdrlh is not more helpful than mglgbpryx
ggnwai comes to eysiitfitgsm's aid, so eysiitfitgsm is not more helpful than ggnwai
souwtxdfefi helps zfasshwfk find it, so souwtxdfefi is more helpful than zfasshwfk
spubiuyi helps kykda find it, so spubiuyi is more helpful than kykda
rnbvtysur helps yktva find it, so rnbvtysur is more helpful than yktva
cnxtrq helps vkrebs find it, so cnxtrq is more helpful than vkrebs
chqjdjfm helps zhdmekalrd find it, so chqjdjfm is more helpful than zhdmekalrd
iwu helps czdgwgf find it, so czdgwgf is more helpful than iwu
rmfcoi helps oedzqsrjr find it, so oedzqsrjr is more helpful than rmfcoi
dkiefddba helps wsohkpnqbiek find it, so wsohkpnqbiek is more helpful than dkiefddba
ptum helps ronwcd find it, so ronwcd is more helpful than ptum
grujm helps hpx find it, so hpx is more helpful than grujm
mhbthpwby helps zlxrhmcaoei find it, so mhbthpwby is not less helpful than zlxrhmcaoei
sawias helps mkmy find it, so sawias is not less helpful than mkmy
gdectigkdv helps ycdd find it, so gdectigkdv is not less helpful than ycdd
djorxr helps rutkbhaq find it, so djorxr is not less helpful than rutkbhaq
tsjfdhijkkm helps mzlawsybfsvw find it, so tsjfdhijkkm is not less helpful than mzlawsybfsvw
viqw helps aqieaalsye find it, so aqieaalsye is not more helpful than viqw
pvpenrjwxl helps tnrq find it, so tnrq is not more helpful than pvpenrjwxl
tyofffuil helps qhahamabr find it, so qhahamabr is not more helpful than tyofffuil
cnobengrz helps ngik find it, so ngik is not more helpful than cnobengrz
nduhjdkb helps oiifbnrmrwhl find it, so oiifbnrmrwhl is not more helpful than nduhjdkb
ydpyuxtvidxi invites xeyrwrbxg to share, so ydpyuxtvidxi is more unselfish than xeyrwrbxg
rfe invites ymlyh to share, so rfe is more unselfish than ymlyh
uqiqukb invites nfsbsnlafxb to share, so uqiqukb is more unselfish than nfsbsnlafxb
xrtiw invites gjtlmdmk to share, so xrtiw is more unselfish than gjtlmdmk
gupphbq invites xvandg to share, so gupphbq is more unselfish than xvandg
gjvstxwo invites rtsoxpnm to share, so rtsoxpnm is less unselfish than gjvstxwo
ldbvbz invites zutax to share, so zutax is less unselfish than ldbvbz
rdonr invites cgw to share, so cgw is less unselfish than rdonr
noitwnluk invites ywiexz to share, so ywiexz is less unselfish than noitwnluk
xtanw invites kbikua to share, so kbikua is less unselfish than xtanw
flzskx invites frzzwvwz to share, so flzskx is not less unselfish than frzzwvwz
udrdxocdyx invites wrnoxcxqhm to share, so udrdxocdyx is not less unselfish than wrnoxcxqhm
rvbmc invites yrudtxt to share, so rvbmc is not less unselfish than yrudtxt
dqmfmqqpfc invites agbd to share, so dqmfmqqpfc is not less unselfish than agbd
ydgmmkd invites sqwffsphj to share, so ydgmmkd is not less unselfish than sqwffsphj
tumny invites mrecgfaa to share, so mrecgfaa is not more unselfish than tumny
riy invites lzwgririyu to share, so lzwgririyu is not more unselfish than riy
flkkgltt invites ybbt to share, so ybbt is not more unselfish than flkkgltt
vbxvaaejcd invites tnnozww to share, so tnnozww is not more unselfish than vbxvaaejcd
vbhkmaidv invites chzbef to share, so chzbef is not more unselfish than vbhkmaidv
tgnzsjmjavp transports yge to an island, so tgnzsjmjavp is more wealthy than yge
pmvsb transports hxohakb to an island, so pmvsb is more wealthy than hxohakb
zkkyq transports cqvbavxoqey to an island, so zkkyq is more wealthy than cqvbavxoqey
jwh transports gyulg to an island, so jwh is more wealthy than gyulg
qyddx transports avfqx to an island, so qyddx is more wealthy than avfqx
nxn transports pvlsoixtm to an island, so pvlsoixtm is less wealthy than nxn
spddxpvqgiqf transports jwkhq to an island, so jwkhq is less wealthy than spddxpvqgiqf
ahvxbij transports zxfpf to an island, so zxfpf is less wealthy than ahvxbij
rikfgcb transports gicxwtljkxr to an island, so gicxwtljkxr is less wealthy than rikfgcb
pxnxfue transports lbwybriiktbx to an island, so lbwybriiktbx is less wealthy than pxnxfue
spyzehsep transports vrxkb to an island, so spyzehsep is not less wealthy than vrxkb
loititxuj transports lfuijrybsdk to an island, so loititxuj is not less wealthy than lfuijrybsdk
psrzlt transports oirtw to an island, so psrzlt is not less wealthy than oirtw
mlzxbhyc transports oaepsbxrqzt to an island, so mlzxbhyc is not less wealthy than oaepsbxrqzt
ijupwlfjv transports shqklv to an island, so ijupwlfjv is not less wealthy than shqklv
tqhachlzxxt transports nkxnx to an island, so nkxnx is not more wealthy than tqhachlzxxt
mfw transports dqvfeojb to an island, so dqvfeojb is not more wealthy than mfw
wxnbf transports xwvqwac to an island, so xwvqwac is not more wealthy than wxnbf
dbgefkpoqmgt transports ekefpjntsspc to an island, so ekefpjntsspc is not more wealthy than dbgefkpoqmgt
wqrpmbcc transports djtydqpxdv to an island, so djtydqpxdv is not more wealthy than wqrpmbcc
xex kisses mwmr on both cheeks, so xex is less friendly than mwmr
ltvxgwlyp kisses jxy on both cheeks, so ltvxgwlyp is less friendly than jxy
lqtr kisses eeybkyhw on both cheeks, so lqtr is less friendly than eeybkyhw
ockh kisses jic on both cheeks, so ockh is less friendly than jic
kjv kisses cbldzd on both cheeks, so kjv is less friendly than cbldzd
fhsvos kisses ilqzhxltgymz on both cheeks, so ilqzhxltgymz is less friendly than fhsvos
ynrdwguqs kisses wrsoitqnwxq on both cheeks, so wrsoitqnwxq is less friendly than ynrdwguqs
fazpm kisses rws on both cheeks, so rws is less friendly than fazpm
dyiig kisses uywlx on both cheeks, so uywlx is less friendly than dyiig
dqgapa kisses kgnwdpeawnrg on both cheeks, so kgnwdpeawnrg is less friendly than dqgapa
anjzcjqifr kisses hpvame on both cheeks, so anjzcjqifr is not less friendly than hpvame
nodzociun kisses tsvijwg on both cheeks, so nodzociun is not less friendly than tsvijwg
wpoyvyqsnayz kisses ibnmuvankmzt on both cheeks, so wpoyvyqsnayz is not less friendly than ibnmuvankmzt
semrnpyfuhzn kisses jmovtgo on both cheeks, so semrnpyfuhzn is not less friendly than jmovtgo
lerreagb kisses hcctgjhq on both cheeks, so lerreagb is not less friendly than hcctgjhq
elntlhqihvz kisses mmomphdxjs on both cheeks, so mmomphdxjs is not more friendly than elntlhqihvz
uyrnvfzlqj kisses qtsabzyib on both cheeks, so qtsabzyib is not more friendly than uyrnvfzlqj
nvmtrljuoqti kisses fdptgyiazftr on both cheeks, so fdptgyiazftr is not more friendly than nvmtrljuoqti
smplclrtr kisses chfslw on both cheeks, so chfslw is not more friendly than smplclrtr
npktwohztfz kisses mnhxeko on both cheeks, so mnhxeko is not more friendly than npktwohztfz
npvvr gets gnwjgzmlvaqv into trouble, so npvvr is more in charge than gnwjgzmlvaqv
umykrfgmqpct gets esnkz into trouble, so umykrfgmqpct is more in charge than esnkz
lfaj gets zsdr into trouble, so lfaj is more in charge than zsdr
isgeiqtdoo gets dkptmqp into trouble, so isgeiqtdoo is more in charge than dkptmqp
leqws gets cvswwsu into trouble, so leqws is more in charge than cvswwsu
geh gets yhgzvjfqunz into trouble, so yhgzvjfqunz is less in charge than geh
arpndxr gets tncxlnzmm into trouble, so tncxlnzmm is less in charge than arpndxr
ghebfahynat gets hffrxzyaaf into trouble, so hffrxzyaaf is less in charge than ghebfahynat
vbskhhqze gets tgeye into trouble, so tgeye is less in charge than vbskhhqze
nymbzskaty gets smwjvog into trouble, so smwjvog is less in charge than nymbzskaty
zowfxlfzo gets into trouble more than eiflgc, so zowfxlfzo is not less in charge than eiflgc
lveq gets into trouble more than rlkexnhieuyh, so lveq is not less in charge than rlkexnhieuyh
lyakwfunjfi gets into trouble more than ttnvz, so lyakwfunjfi is not less in charge than ttnvz
ijyo gets into trouble more than curuxpi, so ijyo is not less in charge than curuxpi
qiewdvyutigj gets into trouble more than jkjcumv, so qiewdvyutigj is not less in charge than jkjcumv
yjzzblp gets xpyslmlbrd into trouble, so xpyslmlbrd is not more in charge than yjzzblp
dfpufm gets rdoekdi into trouble, so rdoekdi is not more in charge than dfpufm
zwrdyx gets ubojrvpgo into trouble, so ubojrvpgo is not more in charge than zwrdyx
ghrnpxn gets laanjcdjxtlw into trouble, so laanjcdjxtlw is not more in charge than ghrnpxn
gvpiqq gets klmbnwiixe into trouble, so klmbnwiixe is not more in charge than gvpiqq
msjzt gives bzc the names, so msjzt is a less worker than bzc
znh gives dza the names, so znh is a less worker than dza
wnfxfkmkgs gives oxqbymgrltrw the names, so wnfxfkmkgs is a less worker than oxqbymgrltrw
mnfv gives wwtjvpo the names, so mnfv is a less worker than wwtjvpo
wxvac gives xin the names, so wxvac is a less worker than xin
cbkg gives ffixyanwnv names, so ffixyanwnv is a less worker than cbkg
idavdho gives ffraamtff names, so ffraamtff is a less worker than idavdho
uwwnbycpkhzw gives dnrj names, so dnrj is a less worker than uwwnbycpkhzw
ptk gives awmok names, so awmok is a less worker than ptk
meku gives sikvb names, so sikvb is a less worker than meku
eks gives habbvhaaafvj the names, so eks is not less worker than habbvhaaafvj
dobkpnn gives bhmiqleeoksr the names, so dobkpnn is not less worker than bhmiqleeoksr
ilwykzmwlwlu gives funfewcybsb the names, so ilwykzmwlwlu is not less worker than funfewcybsb
jihbtybqtg gives gbkvzjlbx the names, so jihbtybqtg is not less worker than gbkvzjlbx
abibniwna gives ubrecsf the names, so abibniwna is not less worker than ubrecsf
clhwwvtmoa gives lufuyyc names, so lufuyyc is not more worker than clhwwvtmoa
vsrymis gives nrnpkoqwig names, so nrnpkoqwig is not more worker than vsrymis
laqaul gives qiaaix names, so qiaaix is not more worker than laqaul
foldjv gives aukuezep names, so aukuezep is not more worker than foldjv
veqes gives fnw names, so fnw is not more worker than veqes
ukelkawo sends zdc flowers, so ukelkawo is more warmhearted than zdc
lqwmeyvbl sends jcit flowers, so lqwmeyvbl is more warmhearted than jcit
vimbj sends ocmhbml flowers, so vimbj is more warmhearted than ocmhbml
rahrlsylhsm sends zir flowers, so rahrlsylhsm is more warmhearted than zir
yutuf sends mbaidxhz flowers, so yutuf is more warmhearted than mbaidxhz
bdnrinjmfhjj sends kcasiiumlcc flowers, so kcasiiumlcc is less warmhearted than bdnrinjmfhjj
ylnl sends laktxsmkz flowers, so laktxsmkz is less warmhearted than ylnl
jhhxdssws sends njv flowers, so njv is less warmhearted than jhhxdssws
icywaskk sends ncftowzwkj flowers, so ncftowzwkj is less warmhearted than icywaskk
gxfxrfscyo sends egujqo flowers, so egujqo is less warmhearted than gxfxrfscyo
emsk sends nfroywfm flowers, so emsk is not less warmhearted than nfroywfm
ljrdxckf sends kjcz flowers, so ljrdxckf is not less warmhearted than kjcz
wew sends ktkuuupmv flowers, so wew is not less warmhearted than ktkuuupmv
ycrdrcmzaq sends oshwnh flowers, so ycrdrcmzaq is not less warmhearted than oshwnh
weljehwsfn sends owfqg flowers, so weljehwsfn is not less warmhearted than owfqg
juskoq sends bmbqgo flowers, so bmbqgo is not more warmhearted than juskoq
kyqbfejq sends ptvra flowers, so ptvra is not more warmhearted than kyqbfejq
ipyfglxr sends glonvwgwamzi flowers, so glonvwgwamzi is not more warmhearted than ipyfglxr
nndycxcj sends rrxmvfret flowers, so rrxmvfret is not more warmhearted than nndycxcj
swnxfnhwh sends cnajmgj flowers, so cnajmgj is not more warmhearted than swnxfnhwh
cflazrkt passes the law, fim does not, so cflazrkt is more responsible than fim
sukbjpgokn passes the law, chkxxpz does not, so sukbjpgokn is more responsible than chkxxpz
lkq passes the law, mtz does not, so lkq is more responsible than mtz
qzegb passes the law, tjwrslt does not, so qzegb is more responsible than tjwrslt
bnhag passes the law, ejas does not, so bnhag is more responsible than ejas
ledfpqkvtykf passes the law, aswh does not, so aswh is less responsible than ledfpqkvtykf
mcr passes the law, uacryey does not, so uacryey is less responsible than mcr
flaectgnc passes the law, kyuzta does not, so kyuzta is less responsible than flaectgnc
zlgogup passes the law, lmiwhaewfol does not, so lmiwhaewfol is less responsible than zlgogup
ejulaijr passes the law, uxtnfu does not, so uxtnfu is less responsible than ejulaijr
jeujm passes the law more than wfc, so jeujm is not less responsible than wfc
oiukdvlilr passes the law more than ycybobk, so oiukdvlilr is not less responsible than ycybobk
xysyeaur passes the law more than cdobxaqyp, so xysyeaur is not less responsible than cdobxaqyp
nvtlwneldw passes the law more than nzuh, so nvtlwneldw is not less responsible than nzuh
rbiojvxmgiyu passes the law more than jvbzbfnmks, so rbiojvxmgiyu is not less responsible than jvbzbfnmks
keztnvy passes the law, geaibh does not, so geaibh is not more responsible than keztnvy
csddk passes the law, utqdcq does not, so utqdcq is not more responsible than csddk
pqnd passes the law, rve does not, so rve is not more responsible than pqnd
luktwybudyk passes the law, wugcbo does not, so wugcbo is not more responsible than luktwybudyk
vspmng passes the law, vdxqvsgfj does not, so vdxqvsgfj is not more responsible than vspmng
bakbi takes care of the another person while bkniitbrafdx does not, so bakbi is more compassionate than bkniitbrafdx
kmfso takes care of the another person while vcjcrdim does not, so kmfso is more compassionate than vcjcrdim
cfgsqndjgli takes care of the another person while xoizl does not, so cfgsqndjgli is more compassionate than xoizl
ivaucfeanduq takes care of the another person while hzqmuydevntl does not, so ivaucfeanduq is more compassionate than hzqmuydevntl
vuwe takes care of the another person while ihjod does not, so vuwe is more compassionate than ihjod
duvwhqwq takes care of the another person while nqn does not, so nqn is less compassionate than duvwhqwq
zeuji takes care of the another person while ghlngc does not, so ghlngc is less compassionate than zeuji
dymivcp takes care of the another person while igryxzx does not, so igryxzx is less compassionate than dymivcp
oqzbjzzfxho takes care of the another person while fubguvogt does not, so fubguvogt is less compassionate than oqzbjzzfxho
uurwrvlneg takes care of the another person while ceuaohx does not, so ceuaohx is less compassionate than uurwrvlneg
lngrkiifce takes care of the another person while ffp does not, so lngrkiifce is not less compassionate than ffp
inbzcmji takes care of the another person while yfbhjeouint does not, so inbzcmji is not less compassionate than yfbhjeouint
tlwyxb takes care of the another person while bupbcdlri does not, so tlwyxb is not less compassionate than bupbcdlri
yfrvizqy takes care of the another person while nhcuo does not, so yfrvizqy is not less compassionate than nhcuo
aldxp takes care of the another person while jxjdvtyep does not, so aldxp is not less compassionate than jxjdvtyep
ynckyvazhqtc takes care of the another person while byeoswx does not, so byeoswx is not more compassionate than ynckyvazhqtc
jcdojonfjf takes care of the another person while nmoqq does not, so nmoqq is not more compassionate than jcdojonfjf
cidfumrptd takes care of the another person while jxwj does not, so jxwj is not more compassionate than cidfumrptd
szghmcxci takes care of the another person while pyboxcuoxzh does not, so pyboxcuoxzh is not more compassionate than szghmcxci
ojogk takes care of the another person while tatpach does not, so tatpach is not more compassionate than ojogk
mem finishes another person's hike while bjieac does not, so mem is more satisfied than bjieac
hkd finishes another person's hike while jffxyzf does not, so hkd is more satisfied than jffxyzf
zlhlwi finishes another person's hike while bap does not, so zlhlwi is more satisfied than bap
bcifewfczts finishes another person's hike while xckwbqdro does not, so bcifewfczts is more satisfied than xckwbqdro
rfjbyhwjgnnp finishes another person's hike while cng does not, so rfjbyhwjgnnp is more satisfied than cng
oymoqcotu finishes another person's hike while nryn does not, so nryn is less satisfied than oymoqcotu
avrdslyyms finishes another person's hike while chhxmmhowkn does not, so chhxmmhowkn is less satisfied than avrdslyyms
aund finishes another person's hike while jpww does not, so jpww is less satisfied than aund
dasfllsui finishes another person's hike while bligqpngdsgm does not, so bligqpngdsgm is less satisfied than dasfllsui
jit finishes another person's hike while jhuqcmkzronb does not, so jhuqcmkzronb is less satisfied than jit
bber finishes another person's hike while oxusy does not, so bber is not more satisfied than oxusy
xqlqqvozaz finishes another person's hike while qyqx does not, so xqlqqvozaz is not more satisfied than qyqx
cbt finishes another person's hike while ggqixinb does not, so cbt is not more satisfied than ggqixinb
ucmz finishes another person's hike while xqdyutomhupu does not, so ucmz is not more satisfied than xqdyutomhupu
mcfyqtrao finishes another person's hike while xpkpokeqke does not, so mcfyqtrao is not more satisfied than xpkpokeqke
starq finishes another person's hike while bwkhnozejot does not, so bwkhnozejot is not more satisfied than starq
jbirurk finishes another person's hike while yolptyu does not, so yolptyu is not more satisfied than jbirurk
uaibkeutpy finishes another person's hike while noqjgwamtu does not, so noqjgwamtu is not more satisfied than uaibkeutpy
zekhiflq finishes another person's hike while dxvsbh does not, so dxvsbh is not more satisfied than zekhiflq
dwdbn finishes another person's hike while zjeug does not, so zjeug is not more satisfied than dwdbn
zbqsczxcu plays video games all day while gsay does not, so zbqsczxcu is more lazy than gsay
xayhvgcqw plays video games all day while oagovvhhvg does not, so xayhvgcqw is more lazy than oagovvhhvg
lct plays video games all day while eole does not, so lct is more lazy than eole
ktubmecsmd plays video games all day while obmzripz does not, so ktubmecsmd is more lazy than obmzripz
ghbfqrigxy plays video games all day while ylbbxnxv does not, so ghbfqrigxy is more lazy than ylbbxnxv
plq plays video games all day while dkcbtmac does not, so dkcbtmac is less lazy than plq
dmnmnzkmst plays video games all day while ypu does not, so ypu is less lazy than dmnmnzkmst
kfhhswojnk plays video games all day while ueobi does not, so ueobi is less lazy than kfhhswojnk
uqlxtl plays video games all day while urxip does not, so urxip is less lazy than uqlxtl
ner plays video games all day while mxtxxc does not, so mxtxxc is less lazy than ner
ruv plays video games all day while kdqtverwdu does not, so ruv is not less lazy than kdqtverwdu
mxlsekblfrc plays video games all day while bzdiuinu does not, so mxlsekblfrc is not less lazy than bzdiuinu
ywjnopop plays video games all day while oqg does not, so ywjnopop is not less lazy than oqg
cchkwths plays video games all day while hmztxq does not, so cchkwths is not less lazy than hmztxq
cww plays video games all day while lsiwrpl does not, so cww is not less lazy than lsiwrpl
zbtvfywcy plays video games all day while kuckcsmako does not, so kuckcsmako is not more lazy than zbtvfywcy
fraklu plays video games all day while xypew does not, so xypew is not more lazy than fraklu
irynp plays video games all day while persgdviaj does not, so persgdviaj is not more lazy than irynp
fgylihxqfrzy plays video games all day while pvfxx does not, so pvfxx is not more lazy than fgylihxqfrzy
aouqqe plays video games all day while satm does not, so satm is not more lazy than aouqqe
hlaxscpyibc takes another person aside while cwfbwcbq does not, so hlaxscpyibc is more giving than cwfbwcbq
doetrsndg takes another person aside while lnm does not, so doetrsndg is more giving than lnm
riwm takes another person aside while oelwytri does not, so riwm is more giving than oelwytri
ubsdnkonniw takes another person aside while wscyw does not, so ubsdnkonniw is more giving than wscyw
rrwx takes another person aside while wspfponsgyxk does not, so rrwx is more giving than wspfponsgyxk
yryxqbbkkes takes another person aside while bhqkijksoaa does not, so bhqkijksoaa is less giving than yryxqbbkkes
ivjkhvqpqv takes another person aside while vjzhh does not, so vjzhh is less giving than ivjkhvqpqv
jkxtqso takes another person aside while hndgsvpztct does not, so hndgsvpztct is less giving than jkxtqso
awa takes another person aside while tjnj does not, so tjnj is less giving than awa
kdrwtvt takes another person aside while czwxjdu does not, so czwxjdu is less giving than kdrwtvt
gllhu takes another person aside while mcrrxeiaievk does not, so gllhu is not less giving than mcrrxeiaievk
fsbjq takes another person aside while xrkaudxjelqv does not, so fsbjq is not less giving than xrkaudxjelqv
gbrpbkrc takes another person aside while gmphgysw does not, so gbrpbkrc is not less giving than gmphgysw
wdaaasyv takes another person aside while pokgifyd does not, so wdaaasyv is not less giving than pokgifyd
xcrv takes another person aside while qplubmw does not, so xcrv is not less giving than qplubmw
ginctkqghl takes another person aside while brmlcgzd does not, so brmlcgzd is not more giving than ginctkqghl
daddea takes another person aside while htis does not, so htis is not more giving than daddea
pyqxuuwdep takes another person aside while xyum does not, so xyum is not more giving than pyqxuuwdep
eywmmbwsa takes another person aside while ipvzhvfzx does not, so ipvzhvfzx is not more giving than eywmmbwsa
gabaitnrym takes another person aside while mohqlgzbs does not, so mohqlgzbs is not more giving than gabaitnrym
loapcdjrvek takes the stairs while tbxrjak does not, so loapcdjrvek is less healthy than tbxrjak
aagpg takes the stairs while nftlphwjci does not, so aagpg is less healthy than nftlphwjci
gem takes the stairs while asyw does not, so gem is less healthy than asyw
nzqumbb takes the stairs while ttp does not, so nzqumbb is less healthy than ttp
rmb takes the stairs while ulif does not, so rmb is less healthy than ulif
yyx takes the stairs while adhfx does not, so adhfx is less healthy than yyx
qwip takes the stairs while mhizxk does not, so mhizxk is less healthy than qwip
flzcp takes the stairs while jxrqtsunq does not, so jxrqtsunq is less healthy than flzcp
sti takes the stairs while nxjnxvnc does not, so nxjnxvnc is less healthy than sti
qhmkuqmnxtut takes the stairs while bxdnqaru does not, so bxdnqaru is less healthy than qhmkuqmnxtut
qpxdbkucy takes the stairs while sbwouwscnga does not, so qpxdbkucy is not less healthy than sbwouwscnga
kaxbl takes the stairs while soj does not, so kaxbl is not less healthy than soj
sppkyooujv takes the stairs while nqtoqrg does not, so sppkyooujv is not less healthy than nqtoqrg
ncptphz takes the stairs while zcagcmoxhwy does not, so ncptphz is not less healthy than zcagcmoxhwy
stbqmdsngxu takes the stairs while cbpqynklwpeo does not, so stbqmdsngxu is not less healthy than cbpqynklwpeo
cwcer takes the stairs while qtpeqhqlfklv does not, so qtpeqhqlfklv is not more healthy than cwcer
lbt takes the stairs while mkb does not, so mkb is not more healthy than lbt
awrctmibgx takes the stairs while erpz does not, so erpz is not more healthy than awrctmibgx
vncwxnipmjhv takes the stairs while mpkkrt does not, so mpkkrt is not more healthy than vncwxnipmjhv
fyurmhq takes the stairs while rtan does not, so rtan is not more healthy than fyurmhq
cdvrnhyva pulls their finger out while mhozdxnxxi does not, so cdvrnhyva is more surprised than mhozdxnxxi
nbfscz pulls their finger out while hbf does not, so nbfscz is more surprised than hbf
mayriygnsx pulls their finger out while aoubqytzits does not, so mayriygnsx is more surprised than aoubqytzits
sdbzdmjlpyt pulls their finger out while aovq does not, so sdbzdmjlpyt is more surprised than aovq
zgqtdekljw pulls their finger out while cvhgpbv does not, so zgqtdekljw is more surprised than cvhgpbv
ontrzcts pulls their finger out while rhqdfu does not, so rhqdfu is less surprised than ontrzcts
vhbwlvot pulls their finger out while ncupwfdxf does not, so ncupwfdxf is less surprised than vhbwlvot
lexybasdwxh pulls their finger out while suintmjsy does not, so suintmjsy is less surprised than lexybasdwxh
cbbodyp pulls their finger out while irnydndhlyz does not, so irnydndhlyz is less surprised than cbbodyp
vdgomrmzk pulls their finger out while vbybx does not, so vbybx is less surprised than vdgomrmzk
sviaf pulls their finger out while fbwoepnenop does not, so sviaf is not less surprised than fbwoepnenop
pfnmfbfeccjm pulls their finger out while jpa does not, so pfnmfbfeccjm is not less surprised than jpa
xvohgodbuymw pulls their finger out while hfopbzhzl does not, so xvohgodbuymw is not less surprised than hfopbzhzl
wqucfgtxu pulls their finger out while aasdiskgmr does not, so wqucfgtxu is not less surprised than aasdiskgmr
tgwikf pulls their finger out while pkezf does not, so tgwikf is not less surprised than pkezf
cjpow pulls their finger out while anqj does not, so anqj is not more surprised than cjpow
jhnejps pulls their finger out while kuqyxjjex does not, so kuqyxjjex is not more surprised than jhnejps
kstoimk pulls their finger out while wbfkabiaavk does not, so wbfkabiaavk is not more surprised than kstoimk
rsupgpaqb pulls their finger out while vrvexgboimpx does not, so vrvexgboimpx is not more surprised than rsupgpaqb
vyqijvdh pulls their finger out while croet does not, so croet is not more surprised than vyqijvdh
nbbv picks corners while ystzwoqufblq does not, so nbbv is more confident than ystzwoqufblq
gcyxcmdbkkks picks corners while sfkafpgtucb does not, so gcyxcmdbkkks is more confident than sfkafpgtucb
eblqufzj picks corners while ulywpr does not, so eblqufzj is more confident than ulywpr
efphszfk picks corners while kyn does not, so efphszfk is more confident than kyn
yoqcnfbpbc picks corners while loxmxgtcu does not, so yoqcnfbpbc is more confident than loxmxgtcu
lvctgywi picks corners while aispyckqmcme does not, so aispyckqmcme is more confident than lvctgywi
akkta picks corners while mepy does not, so mepy is more confident than akkta
sqnacmxiwrn picks corners while oajtirnldvi does not, so oajtirnldvi is more confident than sqnacmxiwrn
tdsmok picks corners while uzty does not, so uzty is more confident than tdsmok
ldm picks corners while vai does not, so vai is more confident than ldm
lteudlxbcock picks corners while dhwjxvdim does not, so lteudlxbcock is not less confident than dhwjxvdim
bdszkcfmpxcy picks corners while lrqs does not, so bdszkcfmpxcy is not less confident than lrqs
ybsrp picks corners while bmbnwfjl does not, so ybsrp is not less confident than bmbnwfjl
xfaikujnam picks corners while yqmwhw does not, so xfaikujnam is not less confident than yqmwhw
atav picks corners while yyzxnbsnv does not, so atav is not less confident than yyzxnbsnv
auuziy picks corners while vkem does not, so vkem is not more confident than auuziy
fbu picks corners while ecahtuyhx does not, so ecahtuyhx is not more confident than fbu
qfksgui picks corners while bbtisbd does not, so bbtisbd is not more confident than qfksgui
lvkacceh picks corners while axz does not, so axz is not more confident than lvkacceh
fll picks corners while yunggzdoi does not, so yunggzdoi is not more confident than fll
armtptjy brings another person something while rjhvxnrfkg does not, so armtptjy is less attentive than rjhvxnrfkg
jkscmervj brings another person something while lwdpgrqcihc does not, so jkscmervj is less attentive than lwdpgrqcihc
mrk brings another person something while ihuh does not, so mrk is less attentive than ihuh
zslqtgqr brings another person something while bfwjouswcf does not, so zslqtgqr is less attentive than bfwjouswcf
fmsahovvtwv brings another person something while zdsx does not, so fmsahovvtwv is less attentive than zdsx
evyybmpzt brings another person something while ytc does not, so ytc is less attentive than evyybmpzt
bfdpff brings another person something while ssdhnx does not, so ssdhnx is less attentive than bfdpff
gxxuyj brings another person something while lzwwtwduxis does not, so lzwwtwduxis is less attentive than gxxuyj
kjlp brings another person something while djdbbrdwqgo does not, so djdbbrdwqgo is less attentive than kjlp
pjicpsresqcn brings another person something while fxg does not, so fxg is less attentive than pjicpsresqcn
zaqtcafqflqe brings another person something while yftdujvoylu does not, so zaqtcafqflqe is not less attentive than yftdujvoylu
rxohua brings another person something while fekaryvx does not, so rxohua is not less attentive than fekaryvx
bycd brings another person something while mvinyvzwc does not, so bycd is not less attentive than mvinyvzwc
ecoewjexskow brings another person something while ipfflfxi does not, so ecoewjexskow is not less attentive than ipfflfxi
fzxha brings another person something while bwnytjcwowpl does not, so fzxha is not less attentive than bwnytjcwowpl
cfl brings another person something while eraybfcvnt does not, so eraybfcvnt is not more attentive than cfl
gbjjfpgrpas brings another person something while dnumkr does not, so dnumkr is not more attentive than gbjjfpgrpas
bsrwtj brings another person something while tbslboi does not, so tbslboi is not more attentive than bsrwtj
qbdmdqsuj brings another person something while ehqptjulpxb does not, so ehqptjulpxb is not more attentive than qbdmdqsuj
izs brings another person something while fptttumghooj does not, so fptttumghooj is not more attentive than izs
mao is on a business trip while lknobv is not, so mao is more prepared than lknobv
letq is on a business trip while pycs is not, so letq is more prepared than pycs
shnjgdend is on a business trip while yffiy is not, so shnjgdend is more prepared than yffiy
lhyccudbazk is on a business trip while ald is not, so lhyccudbazk is more prepared than ald
lzg is on a business trip while qicziyubn is not, so lzg is more prepared than qicziyubn
exaaolej is on a business trip while uvhyxlecui is not, so uvhyxlecui is less prepared than exaaolej
otctz is on a business trip while rssixiq is not, so rssixiq is less prepared than otctz
bomskt is on a business trip while gkwcdusnrly is not, so gkwcdusnrly is less prepared than bomskt
cmfje is on a business trip while zjkwyeyjmanx is not, so zjkwyeyjmanx is less prepared than cmfje
jaumsdhdc is on a business trip while nlwtlacwiy is not, so nlwtlacwiy is less prepared than jaumsdhdc
wzpufjza is on a business trip while lxs is not, so wzpufjza is not less prepared than lxs
kikowett is on a business trip while wzhjs is not, so kikowett is not less prepared than wzhjs
damcuft is on a business trip while lafizheybs is not, so damcuft is not less prepared than lafizheybs
dxjzn is on a business trip while mfxizgduqoym is not, so dxjzn is not less prepared than mfxizgduqoym
tcfti is on a business trip while oqv is not, so tcfti is not less prepared than oqv
tqv is on a business trip while owxu is not, so owxu is not more prepared than tqv
eqyjyu is on a business trip while xvw is not, so xvw is not more prepared than eqyjyu
oqhesgmy is on a business trip while mslqan is not, so mslqan is not more prepared than oqhesgmy
bbahzijpfjf is on a business trip while eslsioulo is not, so eslsioulo is not more prepared than bbahzijpfjf
aosclbfhh is on a business trip while uflmttungdp is not, so uflmttungdp is not more prepared than aosclbfhh
tclea brings another person's umbrella while kzugeoe does not, so tclea is more considerate than kzugeoe
vhqpkmu brings another person's umbrella while stxviotzvgu does not, so vhqpkmu is more considerate than stxviotzvgu
yrynznlr brings another person's umbrella while kajdaxsje does not, so yrynznlr is more considerate than kajdaxsje
bjlcnbii brings another person's umbrella while fdbem does not, so bjlcnbii is more considerate than fdbem
ovykt brings another person's umbrella while fcyzlsnbmdle does not, so ovykt is more considerate than fcyzlsnbmdle
yicmse brings another person's umbrella while flwnookj does not, so flwnookj is less considerate than yicmse
zdsiibcowgyz brings another person's umbrella while zuzymkl does not, so zuzymkl is less considerate than zdsiibcowgyz
kotoyyqqeas brings another person's umbrella while wxpmquf does not, so wxpmquf is less considerate than kotoyyqqeas
pvhbbdlqnsg brings another person's umbrella while yckjcuq does not, so yckjcuq is less considerate than pvhbbdlqnsg
grvuymvmoqi brings another person's umbrella while csnuwks does not, so csnuwks is less considerate than grvuymvmoqi
fczk brings another person's umbrella while toia does not, so fczk is not less considerate than toia
jbmi brings another person's umbrella while sfllnv does not, so jbmi is not less considerate than sfllnv
xpta brings another person's umbrella while cxkxtjlmi does not, so xpta is not less considerate than cxkxtjlmi
qupfzys brings another person's umbrella while elrhgjypptuh does not, so qupfzys is not less considerate than elrhgjypptuh
iknfvnjbzklr brings another person's umbrella while rgrcw does not, so iknfvnjbzklr is not less considerate than rgrcw
kwdrtctv brings another person's umbrella while pxfwaypdfnsv does not, so pxfwaypdfnsv is not more considerate than kwdrtctv
wozuy brings another person's umbrella while fjve does not, so fjve is not more considerate than wozuy
rejrpq brings another person's umbrella while mnu does not, so mnu is not more considerate than rejrpq
olpfgz brings another person's umbrella while bjpak does not, so bjpak is not more considerate than olpfgz
yfykn brings another person's umbrella while rreqoq does not, so rreqoq is not more considerate than yfykn
nvy never came while yqynxtgptmq did, so nvy is less flakey than yqynxtgptmq
hdhudznghr never came while gdelhscej did, so hdhudznghr is less flakey than gdelhscej
fazvsyf never came while bbgkfrxg did, so fazvsyf is less flakey than bbgkfrxg
mxfgookcuvf never came while xrleziv did, so mxfgookcuvf is less flakey than xrleziv
zmkripovuv never came while msgbavfctwm did, so zmkripovuv is less flakey than msgbavfctwm
xorxqhzflow never came, so ffttpfb is less flakey than xorxqhzflow
tclg never came, so kmapgh is less flakey than tclg
ifvpvqfwh never came, so voczgoofpdp is less flakey than ifvpvqfwh
qxquxxlkp never came, so lpyznjxtpa is less flakey than qxquxxlkp
humlvimjs never came, so dir is less flakey than humlvimjs
brigpecwohuk never came, so brigpecwohuk is not more flakey than zskoezrg
dvjnkl never came, so dvjnkl is not more flakey than ygkdjmep
nqulctwm never came, so nqulctwm is not more flakey than czcihkrzme
oqpthdpzaq never came, so oqpthdpzaq is not more flakey than lmzdsr
chbge never came, so chbge is not more flakey than olqzrtcjimu
ieqibdzylq never came, so lduwua is not more flakey than ieqibdzylq
hdzhotfgexz never came, so tgxsxcjoi is not more flakey than hdzhotfgexz
gsdgyhiq never came, so zef is not more flakey than gsdgyhiq
dgdzyaaetwks never came, so mxdvrkkqlc is not more flakey than dgdzyaaetwks
nqgsusaj never came, so iedxp is not more flakey than nqgsusaj
pjnua gets a bad grade while eeqleqb does not, so pjnua is more nervous than eeqleqb
lxyeho gets a bad grade while luuwwvhmemse does not, so lxyeho is more nervous than luuwwvhmemse
bzwezzbsqg gets a bad grade while xqhrx does not, so bzwezzbsqg is more nervous than xqhrx
jovpoyu gets a bad grade while osseldvstf does not, so jovpoyu is more nervous than osseldvstf
qnlrxksh gets a bad grade while xvqajlqeyupn does not, so qnlrxksh is more nervous than xvqajlqeyupn
ozoklpsilx gets a bad grade while wkuwbx does not, so wkuwbx is less nervous than ozoklpsilx
unph gets a bad grade while mkkxcsyboiuj does not, so mkkxcsyboiuj is less nervous than unph
gqfoix gets a bad grade while ulzty does not, so ulzty is less nervous than gqfoix
noiqllnsdxn gets a bad grade while mly does not, so mly is less nervous than noiqllnsdxn
qve gets a bad grade while igrrkbuqz does not, so igrrkbuqz is less nervous than qve
rmryupz gets a bad grade while vwbhtpov does not, so rmryupz is not less nervous than vwbhtpov
thwtjpl gets a bad grade while whfdobwgup does not, so thwtjpl is not less nervous than whfdobwgup
wtzn gets a bad grade while xalehwr does not, so wtzn is not less nervous than xalehwr
cve gets a bad grade while ftszp does not, so cve is not less nervous than ftszp
smczwwhsk gets a bad grade while inuclyzinvd does not, so smczwwhsk is not less nervous than inuclyzinvd
wvmppgicrnx gets a bad grade while jvbptutla does not, so jvbptutla is not more nervous than wvmppgicrnx
mmqfmlkltw gets a bad grade while xhablgcmukua does not, so xhablgcmukua is not more nervous than mmqfmlkltw
nnst gets a bad grade while atzxt does not, so atzxt is not more nervous than nnst
cfhgfie gets a bad grade while glpezesjit does not, so glpezesjit is not more nervous than cfhgfie
rifxkpl gets a bad grade while bhcw does not, so bhcw is not more nervous than rifxkpl
tnysakx starts talking to another person while yqgv does not, so tnysakx is less sociable than yqgv
erynangauds starts talking to another person while pzkqqv does not, so erynangauds is less sociable than pzkqqv
vgvuj starts talking to another person while cmdadvq does not, so vgvuj is less sociable than cmdadvq
vectympv starts talking to another person while eahjtm does not, so vectympv is less sociable than eahjtm
gbcxgau starts talking to another person while vped does not, so gbcxgau is less sociable than vped
wcveei starts talking to another person while xihkjxazut does not, so xihkjxazut is less sociable than wcveei
vvuqk starts talking to another person while ucxvf does not, so ucxvf is less sociable than vvuqk
keba starts talking to another person while tjurnc does not, so tjurnc is less sociable than keba
rwxuiixa starts talking to another person while xjthwmgpedf does not, so xjthwmgpedf is less sociable than rwxuiixa
qasggseugli starts talking to another person while rtcmcnz does not, so rtcmcnz is less sociable than qasggseugli
xhdihcvy starts talking to another person while lklcqz does not, so xhdihcvy is not less sociable than lklcqz
wueukfma starts talking to another person while eeyemgs does not, so wueukfma is not less sociable than eeyemgs
dhhvwht starts talking to another person while nkm does not, so dhhvwht is not less sociable than nkm
tuwmm starts talking to another person while pismvbjjwy does not, so tuwmm is not less sociable than pismvbjjwy
nsfgy starts talking to another person while fmvoesbzwgjp does not, so nsfgy is not less sociable than fmvoesbzwgjp
otoecemcby starts talking to another person while igirzxmcql does not, so igirzxmcql is not more sociable than otoecemcby
ruuxrjofro starts talking to another person while wbi does not, so wbi is not more sociable than ruuxrjofro
edxwat starts talking to another person while obhuruwpiwja does not, so obhuruwpiwja is not more sociable than edxwat
ohvizykiriej starts talking to another person while lfashmp does not, so lfashmp is not more sociable than ohvizykiriej
urd starts talking to another person while xmdcpxif does not, so xmdcpxif is not more sociable than urd
qsgvsbhgg likes the sound of their own voice while hnggwaiydqne does not, so qsgvsbhgg is more attentive than hnggwaiydqne
kfzz likes the sound of their own voice while qglrroeq does not, so kfzz is more attentive than qglrroeq
zqpiomldizrb likes the sound of their own voice while zifzrt does not, so zqpiomldizrb is more attentive than zifzrt
qto likes the sound of their own voice while aospbotv does not, so qto is more attentive than aospbotv
kddkvgtx likes the sound of their own voice while gju does not, so kddkvgtx is more attentive than gju
scfbsw likes the sound of their own voice while ypcblcfzdp does not, so ypcblcfzdp is less attentive than scfbsw
ejpigrtit likes the sound of their own voice while zabjpa does not, so zabjpa is less attentive than ejpigrtit
wrc likes the sound of their own voice while usxefgnuev does not, so usxefgnuev is less attentive than wrc
zicwuu likes the sound of their own voice while mrizwqqqzqui does not, so mrizwqqqzqui is less attentive than zicwuu
lbsthyoiekaa likes the sound of their own voice while izyutlsclkw does not, so izyutlsclkw is less attentive than lbsthyoiekaa
qkniijyq likes the sound of their own voice while xawz does not, so qkniijyq is not less attentive than xawz
pzq likes the sound of their own voice while lucpojoo does not, so pzq is not less attentive than lucpojoo
zovz likes the sound of their own voice while gvkzcc does not, so zovz is not less attentive than gvkzcc
srarqltjcc likes the sound of their own voice while gmkwmkbupws does not, so srarqltjcc is not less attentive than gmkwmkbupws
jrnlup likes the sound of their own voice while objoqfvx does not, so jrnlup is not less attentive than objoqfvx
pmvxvc likes the sound of their own voice while suaguzpoget does not, so suaguzpoget is not more attentive than pmvxvc
rtsv likes the sound of their own voice while qrav does not, so qrav is not more attentive than rtsv
bidqjvmyl likes the sound of their own voice while pzivkgydjih does not, so pzivkgydjih is not more attentive than bidqjvmyl
sfzruaxpvjww likes the sound of their own voice while mamtw does not, so mamtw is not more attentive than sfzruaxpvjww
tlbusnn likes the sound of their own voice while eikhehsvab does not, so eikhehsvab is not more attentive than tlbusnn
tadxitk waits to get home while ywspnn does not, so tadxitk is more controlling than ywspnn
yujwvtfokxt waits to get home while fvrfkjil does not, so yujwvtfokxt is more controlling than fvrfkjil
sussulaxgwf waits to get home while cobwj does not, so sussulaxgwf is more controlling than cobwj
yde waits to get home while hfusavnevajw does not, so yde is more controlling than hfusavnevajw
jknbrtfd waits to get home while syh does not, so jknbrtfd is more controlling than syh
urjookwn waits to get home while fzqnyp does not, so fzqnyp is less controlling than urjookwn
yexuxbdipf waits to get home while ywjmdhi does not, so ywjmdhi is less controlling than yexuxbdipf
pfjas waits to get home while vhfpieabjt does not, so vhfpieabjt is less controlling than pfjas
temxq waits to get home while ltpyfnglaop does not, so ltpyfnglaop is less controlling than temxq
dhkxfhhtzf waits to get home while hmpfhhgr does not, so hmpfhhgr is less controlling than dhkxfhhtzf
wjbvb waits to get home while aunilunvsdwd does not, so wjbvb is not more controlling than aunilunvsdwd
bzz waits to get home while qpny does not, so bzz is not more controlling than qpny
bughmsitu waits to get home while adu does not, so bughmsitu is not more controlling than adu
yynlsg waits to get home while yqrbfuak does not, so yynlsg is not more controlling than yqrbfuak
qxemk waits to get home while btcazsbj does not, so qxemk is not more controlling than btcazsbj
cjo waits to get home while krwrikxnxkrx does not, so krwrikxnxkrx is not more controlling than cjo
ufvimodm waits to get home while rreem does not, so rreem is not more controlling than ufvimodm
kbaf waits to get home while fmhuvpcy does not, so fmhuvpcy is not more controlling than kbaf
ctxltkfdlu waits to get home while lmuybmil does not, so lmuybmil is not more controlling than ctxltkfdlu
snbseqfpfo waits to get home while obwh does not, so obwh is not more controlling than snbseqfpfo
arnwuybnxth is able to be turned while mmifiqeck is not, so arnwuybnxth is more capricious than mmifiqeck
lcjyxgyc is able to be turned while qna is not, so lcjyxgyc is more capricious than qna
busalwpos is able to be turned while lirujp is not, so busalwpos is more capricious than lirujp
mvfrtjqg is able to be turned while gwkospx is not, so mvfrtjqg is more capricious than gwkospx
idqmth is able to be turned while vgajwwjciepv is not, so idqmth is more capricious than vgajwwjciepv
egm is able to be turned while sypoofwg is not, so sypoofwg is less capricious than egm
yylw is able to be turned while rhl is not, so rhl is less capricious than yylw
thqbkxvwtcfe is able to be turned while clyhkn is not, so clyhkn is less capricious than thqbkxvwtcfe
fkeczppvpe is able to be turned while kxxrtmbl is not, so kxxrtmbl is less capricious than fkeczppvpe
qtacyw is able to be turned while jjjohwjund is not, so jjjohwjund is less capricious than qtacyw
rivprerjekr is able to be quickly turned while gnszehtimxl is not, so rivprerjekr is not less capricious than gnszehtimxl
qrtmhd is able to be quickly turned while vexzrzxc is not, so qrtmhd is not less capricious than vexzrzxc
xhvyi is able to be quickly turned while rapujx is not, so xhvyi is not less capricious than rapujx
nxppzhia is able to be quickly turned while sotd is not, so nxppzhia is not less capricious than sotd
twluitfchhrr is able to be quickly turned while xiwto is not, so twluitfchhrr is not less capricious than xiwto
ruryheiumq is able to be turned while nkzs is not, so nkzs is not more capricious than ruryheiumq
xjmv is able to be turned while tyxt is not, so tyxt is not more capricious than xjmv
jpwctv is able to be turned while igerywpmr is not, so igerywpmr is not more capricious than jpwctv
qaudyprqeuwi is able to be turned while hpdeuu is not, so hpdeuu is not more capricious than qaudyprqeuwi
gfygcwlakr is able to be turned while alidgtqysd is not, so alidgtqysd is not more capricious than gfygcwlakr
vihtinm turns on another person's heels while lmec does not, so vihtinm is more surprised than lmec
jxkyd turns on another person's heels while wwwtszzstyzk does not, so jxkyd is more surprised than wwwtszzstyzk
ktpvxjwvdb turns on another person's heels while kvll does not, so ktpvxjwvdb is more surprised than kvll
tmwwf turns on another person's heels while mbzgutzbtpd does not, so tmwwf is more surprised than mbzgutzbtpd
imgnoaw turns on another person's heels while lddikp does not, so imgnoaw is more surprised than lddikp
onhl turns on another person's heels while yawwplxay does not, so yawwplxay is less surprised than onhl
ejd turns on another person's heels while dhtvzc does not, so dhtvzc is less surprised than ejd
gzaviex turns on another person's heels while tmsg does not, so tmsg is less surprised than gzaviex
asusoxtl turns on another person's heels while thjfcpkrykl does not, so thjfcpkrykl is less surprised than asusoxtl
vmjnsmj turns on another person's heels while dysj does not, so dysj is less surprised than vmjnsmj
gnfe turns on another person's heels while gxk does not, so gnfe is not less surprised than gxk
zhxdinnd turns on another person's heels while uao does not, so zhxdinnd is not less surprised than uao
ofllzdptvuer turns on another person's heels while oonsdv does not, so ofllzdptvuer is not less surprised than oonsdv
qrxysnn turns on another person's heels while utf does not, so qrxysnn is not less surprised than utf
uwgbwmeqwluf turns on another person's heels while qefvm does not, so uwgbwmeqwluf is not less surprised than qefvm
utrvbu turns on another person's heels while awsnpqwen does not, so awsnpqwen is not more surprised than utrvbu
tklzarhifgg turns on another person's heels while xrirtdmmra does not, so xrirtdmmra is not more surprised than tklzarhifgg
qhb turns on another person's heels while kqzodgoa does not, so kqzodgoa is not more surprised than qhb
irbceglxmf turns on another person's heels while frrwt does not, so frrwt is not more surprised than irbceglxmf
gemobmjfgigm turns on another person's heels while vfuymwjq does not, so vfuymwjq is not more surprised than gemobmjfgigm
fay makes the coffee while yvo does not, so fay is more skillful than yvo
paadwsplvbn makes the coffee while tgzzgkotqri does not, so paadwsplvbn is more skillful than tgzzgkotqri
fpy makes the coffee while pqiyspusrrmf does not, so fpy is more skillful than pqiyspusrrmf
mig makes the coffee while rcz does not, so mig is more skillful than rcz
fvt makes the coffee while vnyprwzjcaum does not, so fvt is more skillful than vnyprwzjcaum
wssuixr makes the coffee while ndv does not, so ndv is less skillful than wssuixr
zpdxjo makes the coffee while jwkxrki does not, so jwkxrki is less skillful than zpdxjo
igbb makes the coffee while fmk does not, so fmk is less skillful than igbb
chvwj makes the coffee while kdjwonvvdbuo does not, so kdjwonvvdbuo is less skillful than chvwj
zixott makes the coffee while rwxbodqzdetw does not, so rwxbodqzdetw is less skillful than zixott
jiwwbdzsw makes the coffee while tikfscsnzwoq does not, so jiwwbdzsw is not less skillful than tikfscsnzwoq
lymqs makes the coffee while sinmeczqc does not, so lymqs is not less skillful than sinmeczqc
med makes the coffee while yoovd does not, so med is not less skillful than yoovd
qxtkjmfjqoc makes the coffee while dtid does not, so qxtkjmfjqoc is not less skillful than dtid
xttluaeyhw makes the coffee while ddhl does not, so xttluaeyhw is not less skillful than ddhl
nkrich makes the coffee while hhgshhrbhde does not, so hhgshhrbhde is not more skillful than nkrich
pecamjznf makes the coffee while sjnnonjwvm does not, so sjnnonjwvm is not more skillful than pecamjznf
gck makes the coffee while bnqdlwmxrcie does not, so bnqdlwmxrcie is not more skillful than gck
vsuqhajukmmk makes the coffee while ibyoswsjlhcu does not, so ibyoswsjlhcu is not more skillful than vsuqhajukmmk
aythy makes the coffee while kijsvzazro does not, so kijsvzazro is not more skillful than aythy
nluzznbedc uses another person for purposes while vbslqfk does not, so nluzznbedc is more machiavellian than vbslqfk
oevrzftrjqfx uses another person for purposes while cjlctfg does not, so oevrzftrjqfx is more machiavellian than cjlctfg
ddjchjepj uses another person for purposes while oykaezxrd does not, so ddjchjepj is more machiavellian than oykaezxrd
oyfozsbkofzr uses another person for purposes while sadqmgr does not, so oyfozsbkofzr is more machiavellian than sadqmgr
dnbrvqmozdfw uses another person for purposes while wsklvtwjnqv does not, so dnbrvqmozdfw is more machiavellian than wsklvtwjnqv
ycoxpahvcb uses another person for purposes while rrtwlboagmwi does not, so rrtwlboagmwi is less machiavellian than ycoxpahvcb
fegwf uses another person for purposes while rcljpoih does not, so rcljpoih is less machiavellian than fegwf
bbgswnuqe uses another person for purposes while yveikolzqq does not, so yveikolzqq is less machiavellian than bbgswnuqe
ptiq uses another person for purposes while rfjbtsa does not, so rfjbtsa is less machiavellian than ptiq
gyykgceznw uses another person for purposes while gngmrzfre does not, so gngmrzfre is less machiavellian than gyykgceznw
wgrkggewedt uses another person for purposes while iwlvfumjx does not, so wgrkggewedt is not less machiavellian than iwlvfumjx
aamntk uses another person for purposes while xxlu does not, so aamntk is not less machiavellian than xxlu
bwigsiwmb uses another person for purposes while nizyfboiw does not, so bwigsiwmb is not less machiavellian than nizyfboiw
eahhnb uses another person for purposes while oplbexjoo does not, so eahhnb is not less machiavellian than oplbexjoo
xuog uses another person for purposes while cexy does not, so xuog is not less machiavellian than cexy
eszwftgst uses another person for purposes while htgxud does not, so htgxud is not more machiavellian than eszwftgst
dpqidqoth uses another person for purposes while cmixlbkxjmj does not, so cmixlbkxjmj is not more machiavellian than dpqidqoth
tqgki uses another person for purposes while gwstiiwswt does not, so gwstiiwswt is not more machiavellian than tqgki
zrzjn uses another person for purposes while iqysygjzzxb does not, so iqysygjzzxb is not more machiavellian than zrzjn
ehfcgglryf uses another person for purposes while etijhoq does not, so etijhoq is not more machiavellian than ehfcgglryf
euuqq walks the rest of the way to school while bzx does not, so euuqq is more down-to-earth than bzx
oluwnpmnprei walks the rest of the way to school while cslz does not, so oluwnpmnprei is more down-to-earth than cslz
rgteyvbgzt walks the rest of the way to school while bxhatq does not, so rgteyvbgzt is more down-to-earth than bxhatq
stgkq walks the rest of the way to school while umwuw does not, so stgkq is more down-to-earth than umwuw
ucldmwrkicw walks the rest of the way to school while btaprdbcx does not, so ucldmwrkicw is more down-to-earth than btaprdbcx
fwj walks the rest of the way to school while orsyd does not, so orsyd is less down-to-earth than fwj
pwu walks the rest of the way to school while omficbdx does not, so omficbdx is less down-to-earth than pwu
grcozoc walks the rest of the way to school while jwvb does not, so jwvb is less down-to-earth than grcozoc
wpjqqbzwe walks the rest of the way to school while iqgw does not, so iqgw is less down-to-earth than wpjqqbzwe
znjbrawrd walks the rest of the way to school while squwaxeaktrg does not, so squwaxeaktrg is less down-to-earth than znjbrawrd
ifvgguratfs walks the rest of the way to school while euzks does not, so ifvgguratfs is not less down-to-earth than euzks
cmtzivskx walks the rest of the way to school while dfkessg does not, so cmtzivskx is not less down-to-earth than dfkessg
husqzjmbb walks the rest of the way to school while nbgcufqev does not, so husqzjmbb is not less down-to-earth than nbgcufqev
habbjfyb walks the rest of the way to school while wogc does not, so habbjfyb is not less down-to-earth than wogc
ppbzpqx walks the rest of the way to school while buuybldyrs does not, so ppbzpqx is not less down-to-earth than buuybldyrs
dnrpd walks the rest of the way to school while phzjfcvqghte does not, so phzjfcvqghte is not more down-to-earth than dnrpd
bqkv walks the rest of the way to school while lzjgzchcxfc does not, so lzjgzchcxfc is not more down-to-earth than bqkv
pajubsninn walks the rest of the way to school while ooaatbwopbq does not, so ooaatbwopbq is not more down-to-earth than pajubsninn
fopzsc walks the rest of the way to school while pnrdkikxpc does not, so pnrdkikxpc is not more down-to-earth than fopzsc
knwej walks the rest of the way to school while drr does not, so drr is not more down-to-earth than knwej
pxiwrxh works better than pzqj, so pxiwrxh is more competent than pzqj
ryf works better than zpbvevl, so ryf is more competent than zpbvevl
kusrfii works better than flqcfhdoba, so kusrfii is more competent than flqcfhdoba
zbab works better than woco, so zbab is more competent than woco
xcvjpnz works better than ormj, so xcvjpnz is more competent than ormj
hmhktkl works better than dijanxd, so dijanxd is less competent than hmhktkl
ngzlltbke works better than tki, so tki is less competent than ngzlltbke
uorvoq works better than oeat, so oeat is less competent than uorvoq
txkpqwqycdrk works better than ifqgs, so ifqgs is less competent than txkpqwqycdrk
xba works better than pgpezhgwivu, so pgpezhgwivu is less competent than xba
rxseftoc works better than iddv, so rxseftoc is not less competent than iddv
tdomyww works better than iszb, so tdomyww is not less competent than iszb
rvpsnwnxh works better than lvfcnm, so rvpsnwnxh is not less competent than lvfcnm
yyvnwpir works better than liowdtcdj, so yyvnwpir is not less competent than liowdtcdj
sxlhisbqgoqj works better than gyerd, so sxlhisbqgoqj is not less competent than gyerd
dbcwwxhqz works better than ewvc, so ewvc is not more competent than dbcwwxhqz
wqyevzhmr works better than ketdykaqdp, so ketdykaqdp is not more competent than wqyevzhmr
lkxhvkju works better than rxhx, so rxhx is not more competent than lkxhvkju
slirrylx works better than dlxqdjmejm, so dlxqdjmejm is not more competent than slirrylx
hdwdtqri works better than ruspxgvxf, so ruspxgvxf is not more competent than hdwdtqri
tpqunoret takes a closer look while mgkdbygwlmog does not, so tpqunoret is more attentive than mgkdbygwlmog
yiutuf takes a closer look while sppuydpjo does not, so yiutuf is more attentive than sppuydpjo
xrhwrajlioq takes a closer look while etslqoeuwcw does not, so xrhwrajlioq is more attentive than etslqoeuwcw
ztdyqrkgxv takes a closer look while giqcq does not, so ztdyqrkgxv is more attentive than giqcq
hhjthnqpv takes a closer look while knpnamjl does not, so hhjthnqpv is more attentive than knpnamjl
lteff takes a closer look while hrct does not, so hrct is less attentive than lteff
arlocvt takes a closer look while oiokmh does not, so oiokmh is less attentive than arlocvt
gwyeitleswt takes a closer look while ubbkiqhiqmlj does not, so ubbkiqhiqmlj is less attentive than gwyeitleswt
heiww takes a closer look while vcybex does not, so vcybex is less attentive than heiww
rvxo takes a closer look while dbujxuqpqh does not, so dbujxuqpqh is less attentive than rvxo
oetcrpr takes a closer look while hbrhwhmm does not, so oetcrpr is not less attentive than hbrhwhmm
hzn takes a closer look while omrbtetykg does not, so hzn is not less attentive than omrbtetykg
yhfpeertirre takes a closer look while spke does not, so yhfpeertirre is not less attentive than spke
jbkwaoepj takes a closer look while oxvhgkqs does not, so jbkwaoepj is not less attentive than oxvhgkqs
ddqom takes a closer look while jqfkylihrgld does not, so ddqom is not less attentive than jqfkylihrgld
trlq takes a closer look while qenmudhfnpp does not, so qenmudhfnpp is not more attentive than trlq
tkpe takes a closer look while obnmfrphbo does not, so obnmfrphbo is not more attentive than tkpe
rzvnxrvbatg takes a closer look while ixxj does not, so ixxj is not more attentive than rzvnxrvbatg
juuablr takes a closer look while tziluf does not, so tziluf is not more attentive than juuablr
bygi takes a closer look while phkr does not, so phkr is not more attentive than bygi
iao feels unprepared while yhazhihr does not, so iao is more worried than yhazhihr
ctvadmpfr feels unprepared while lyis does not, so ctvadmpfr is more worried than lyis
ksa feels unprepared while zctsl does not, so ksa is more worried than zctsl
vtu feels unprepared while kyzetaixcp does not, so vtu is more worried than kyzetaixcp
ygpn feels unprepared while ucy does not, so ygpn is more worried than ucy
lnckgjeqxzqv feels unprepared while hxjqxl does not, so hxjqxl is less worried than lnckgjeqxzqv
gjwhiubyjyx feels unprepared while vhotvsig does not, so vhotvsig is less worried than gjwhiubyjyx
ohvgt feels unprepared while fbktiypofiop does not, so fbktiypofiop is less worried than ohvgt
fokv feels unprepared while kafgmla does not, so kafgmla is less worried than fokv
amyfzujyii feels unprepared while iqm does not, so iqm is less worried than amyfzujyii
vrg feels unprepared while gcfbfgdgsw does not, so vrg is not less worried than gcfbfgdgsw
slwfp feels unprepared while trnevfpla does not, so slwfp is not less worried than trnevfpla
qngjldxt feels unprepared while yxokooebyui does not, so qngjldxt is not less worried than yxokooebyui
cetggihzgjd feels unprepared while odvhopzzlev does not, so cetggihzgjd is not less worried than odvhopzzlev
qtec feels unprepared while aanpzoipx does not, so qtec is not less worried than aanpzoipx
whtaxiseaep feels unprepared while mmakeww does not, so mmakeww is not more worried than whtaxiseaep
gepcvly feels unprepared while upvoii does not, so upvoii is not more worried than gepcvly
vylzetbnbinl feels unprepared while tbjfleh does not, so tbjfleh is not more worried than vylzetbnbinl
kjqeqpbqmr feels unprepared while cipxsq does not, so cipxsq is not more worried than kjqeqpbqmr
bkwomw feels unprepared while blwvnhydbzw does not, so blwvnhydbzw is not more worried than bkwomw
dxjsnmpnb sees another person's husband while calhpuv does not, so dxjsnmpnb is less polite than calhpuv
rfg sees another person's husband while mhqlosgw does not, so rfg is less polite than mhqlosgw
mshmjsoe sees another person's husband while mlv does not, so mshmjsoe is less polite than mlv
qnogzdjhfc sees another person's husband while fak does not, so qnogzdjhfc is less polite than fak
mjraycfc sees another person's husband while ohxjzk does not, so mjraycfc is less polite than ohxjzk
vukqxajrpae sees another person's husband while tlafbbkjrxb does not, so tlafbbkjrxb is less polite than vukqxajrpae
toyix sees another person's husband while vzxgmudot does not, so vzxgmudot is less polite than toyix
apwb sees another person's husband while clhnknmsfjv does not, so clhnknmsfjv is less polite than apwb
vkwkskoviypk sees another person's husband while cmeuhtls does not, so cmeuhtls is less polite than vkwkskoviypk
wtn sees another person's husband while qjiboguit does not, so qjiboguit is less polite than wtn
nuhjzp sees another person's husband while qxvwewot does not, so nuhjzp is not less polite than qxvwewot
rdtgrrpaa sees another person's husband while niqqhcijhwef does not, so rdtgrrpaa is not less polite than niqqhcijhwef
sfinufpvqfm sees another person's husband while frcgbqdekkv does not, so sfinufpvqfm is not less polite than frcgbqdekkv
gcoheqyh sees another person's husband while nqjfhxhujerv does not, so gcoheqyh is not less polite than nqjfhxhujerv
nwe sees another person's husband while rvdt does not, so nwe is not less polite than rvdt
dstcrqvrxcij sees another person's husband while kbonrp does not, so kbonrp is not more polite than dstcrqvrxcij
rfoihwjrwot sees another person's husband while hxtfsknddmt does not, so hxtfsknddmt is not more polite than rfoihwjrwot
impwxbtay sees another person's husband while gtp does not, so gtp is not more polite than impwxbtay
olfvhktcsdk sees another person's husband while jhdrsipixse does not, so jhdrsipixse is not more polite than olfvhktcsdk
htnxvnrni sees another person's husband while bqtjoyxzs does not, so bqtjoyxzs is not more polite than htnxvnrni
fgqfjm says bye while mvzpqberxi does not, so fgqfjm is less friendly than mvzpqberxi
zugo says bye while cokdessoxo does not, so zugo is less friendly than cokdessoxo
mrup says bye while rybeis does not, so mrup is less friendly than rybeis
jjlludcuw says bye while acddajfswr does not, so jjlludcuw is less friendly than acddajfswr
pmxgtnuwo says bye while muvyewgea does not, so pmxgtnuwo is less friendly than muvyewgea
qokbkcbkht says bye while flupvw does not, so flupvw is less friendly than qokbkcbkht
rdsrgdcrgdc says bye while lewavzufm does not, so lewavzufm is less friendly than rdsrgdcrgdc
jehsflzffvvt says bye while ahcgumdbvag does not, so ahcgumdbvag is less friendly than jehsflzffvvt
euxqqpjxs says bye while cemkop does not, so cemkop is less friendly than euxqqpjxs
xxupur says bye while ztremogospd does not, so ztremogospd is less friendly than xxupur
ivzy says bye while ncdyaki does not, so ivzy is not less friendly than ncdyaki
rmdujondz says bye while qiyoirddmll does not, so rmdujondz is not less friendly than qiyoirddmll
uurtkl says bye while usvkfe does not, so uurtkl is not less friendly than usvkfe
zqoydx says bye while phxm does not, so zqoydx is not less friendly than phxm
zlcce says bye while nuy does not, so zlcce is not less friendly than nuy
ntbvwzgpfv says bye while agzsjwrc does not, so agzsjwrc is not more friendly than ntbvwzgpfv
umrgsntcsek says bye while elvpafqt does not, so elvpafqt is not more friendly than umrgsntcsek
jarmszpgeij says bye while eajee does not, so eajee is not more friendly than jarmszpgeij
azykpqggyp says bye while zyllw does not, so zyllw is not more friendly than azykpqggyp
kdvyqrfq says bye while bxc does not, so bxc is not more friendly than kdvyqrfq
iuwumvbeievt loses control of the car while khyqohchcux does not, so iuwumvbeievt is more clumsy than khyqohchcux
preygmodf loses control of the car while mmgqzkwrwchd does not, so preygmodf is more clumsy than mmgqzkwrwchd
pbh loses control of the car while tfeuxin does not, so pbh is more clumsy than tfeuxin
pomoiqa loses control of the car while kmfhnkjzdh does not, so pomoiqa is more clumsy than kmfhnkjzdh
tcqryy loses control of the car while azkixihpsytq does not, so tcqryy is more clumsy than azkixihpsytq
dkjyqgwo loses control of the car while hqpwyoef does not, so hqpwyoef is less clumsy than dkjyqgwo
nbsdtpp loses control of the car while cfutak does not, so cfutak is less clumsy than nbsdtpp
jryejihnlj loses control of the car while vkcayzzv does not, so vkcayzzv is less clumsy than jryejihnlj
uiwxtbczut loses control of the car while cyosufe does not, so cyosufe is less clumsy than uiwxtbczut
wfgozsqphzj loses control of the car while icyeslkdarj does not, so icyeslkdarj is less clumsy than wfgozsqphzj
mrpnknq loses control of the car while xkny does not, so mrpnknq is not less clumsy than xkny
alggtp loses control of the car while fmazz does not, so alggtp is not less clumsy than fmazz
wfhpiklrayez loses control of the car while egoud does not, so wfhpiklrayez is not less clumsy than egoud
qlemhk loses control of the car while mtb does not, so qlemhk is not less clumsy than mtb
zrkkukfr loses control of the car while xmkhlk does not, so zrkkukfr is not less clumsy than xmkhlk
lphy loses control of the car while ugukepllvj does not, so ugukepllvj is not more clumsy than lphy
tvpnqjedxi loses control of the car while kqsouhnlu does not, so kqsouhnlu is not more clumsy than tvpnqjedxi
guyohf loses control of the car while xowpflpt does not, so xowpflpt is not more clumsy than guyohf
acecemao loses control of the car while rbelkcgpax does not, so rbelkcgpax is not more clumsy than acecemao
rvrlid loses control of the car while dyuaokbx does not, so dyuaokbx is not more clumsy than rvrlid
agkqz eats a banana while suppd does not, so agkqz is more hungry than suppd
tuuhf eats a banana while jaocgw does not, so tuuhf is more hungry than jaocgw
abk eats a banana while ygnfnbo does not, so abk is more hungry than ygnfnbo
giogplkoywq eats a banana while vhhapuzkjgji does not, so giogplkoywq is more hungry than vhhapuzkjgji
fyqczik eats a banana while tivouzgymtj does not, so fyqczik is more hungry than tivouzgymtj
xmdrcvrd eats a banana while wyux does not, so wyux is less hungry than xmdrcvrd
lzpth eats a banana while pmg does not, so pmg is less hungry than lzpth
larjscg eats a banana while iijqo does not, so iijqo is less hungry than larjscg
izfzz eats a banana while rjnhhuqzup does not, so rjnhhuqzup is less hungry than izfzz
wfwakekqp eats a banana while oirfn does not, so oirfn is less hungry than wfwakekqp
pvlildiu eats a banana while myqkoak does not, so pvlildiu is not less hungry than myqkoak
uiwoxzyll eats a banana while cgetjhjyns does not, so uiwoxzyll is not less hungry than cgetjhjyns
llejz eats a banana while kzsypx does not, so llejz is not less hungry than kzsypx
iqemyimuz eats a banana while tudhnyp does not, so iqemyimuz is not less hungry than tudhnyp
kzorz eats a banana while bsikbvaqyse does not, so kzorz is not less hungry than bsikbvaqyse
mkcslwfsgbp eats a banana while phwx does not, so phwx is not more hungry than mkcslwfsgbp
xsrm eats a banana while iwdkldtssl does not, so iwdkldtssl is not more hungry than xsrm
pad eats a banana while ayyprjpihoj does not, so ayyprjpihoj is not more hungry than pad
rwlvxbhwlrxh eats a banana while ljnjhj does not, so ljnjhj is not more hungry than rwlvxbhwlrxh
wtnhvyfey eats a banana while hshfucjqqhk does not, so hshfucjqqhk is not more hungry than wtnhvyfey
rzvgprzh develops another person model while eaorrzcvi does not, so rzvgprzh is more productive than eaorrzcvi
slvpoulmrow develops another person model while morpv does not, so slvpoulmrow is more productive than morpv
hwuc develops another person model while ikhqzp does not, so hwuc is more productive than ikhqzp
ykyezbc develops another person model while tnuiegeiyn does not, so ykyezbc is more productive than tnuiegeiyn
hyp develops another person model while marhyzxz does not, so hyp is more productive than marhyzxz
ucwwhtr develops another person model while elfz does not, so elfz is less productive than ucwwhtr
nezohvuu develops another person model while bxgipx does not, so bxgipx is less productive than nezohvuu
sklrqqqrgn develops another person model while aqmum does not, so aqmum is less productive than sklrqqqrgn
txaocfugcsy develops another person model while oymtrzylwbgv does not, so oymtrzylwbgv is less productive than txaocfugcsy
pabyrgbx develops another person model while nbfn does not, so nbfn is less productive than pabyrgbx
gvhoqdwtdq develops another person model while slnd does not, so gvhoqdwtdq is not less productive than slnd
epeqy develops another person model while ekkxxmjxvbhs does not, so epeqy is not less productive than ekkxxmjxvbhs
fjzskncyezw develops another person model while wstndiqngwvj does not, so fjzskncyezw is not less productive than wstndiqngwvj
gvblhdanjk develops another person model while vahpvmitx does not, so gvblhdanjk is not less productive than vahpvmitx
ybkzuzlswu develops another person model while ziaxjf does not, so ybkzuzlswu is not less productive than ziaxjf
ggulcjsysks develops another person model while gcqbhkchdoo does not, so gcqbhkchdoo is not more productive than ggulcjsysks
ocolkpfkrmwu develops another person model while ylr does not, so ylr is not more productive than ocolkpfkrmwu
ytlijpixv develops another person model while vssvrxhrluyq does not, so vssvrxhrluyq is not more productive than ytlijpixv
tqanpatcpvl develops another person model while rfiatjdoxi does not, so rfiatjdoxi is not more productive than tqanpatcpvl
dbaix develops another person model while siviy does not, so siviy is not more productive than dbaix
pxkzoely buys the shoes another person wanted while wdjdhlyeef does not, so pxkzoely is more loyal than wdjdhlyeef
avxnjjvtdoyr buys the shoes another person wanted while ktujv does not, so avxnjjvtdoyr is more loyal than ktujv
fczs buys the shoes another person wanted while cksyov does not, so fczs is more loyal than cksyov
krudpivxko buys the shoes another person wanted while nvjbucyp does not, so krudpivxko is more loyal than nvjbucyp
ltilobv buys the shoes another person wanted while hksjudsbewc does not, so ltilobv is more loyal than hksjudsbewc
znenmhln buys the shoes another person wanted while ioyecrromezo does not, so ioyecrromezo is more loyal than znenmhln
zicbcuzaa buys the shoes another person wanted while jbj does not, so jbj is more loyal than zicbcuzaa
zftzbgn buys the shoes another person wanted while ivpwmigvt does not, so ivpwmigvt is more loyal than zftzbgn
thvgvvthj buys the shoes another person wanted while yxyneakqbdp does not, so yxyneakqbdp is more loyal than thvgvvthj
jbjgrifu buys the shoes another person wanted while hkwwiyzsepzm does not, so hkwwiyzsepzm is more loyal than jbjgrifu
mtpewiujj buys the shoes another person wanted more than yrvjs, so mtpewiujj is not less loyal than yrvjs
blbddz buys the shoes another person wanted more than qrytzknknqzz, so blbddz is not less loyal than qrytzknknqzz
ymbuqmm buys the shoes another person wanted more than xuntcpomd, so ymbuqmm is not less loyal than xuntcpomd
givvongharho buys the shoes another person wanted more than ajpgndwe, so givvongharho is not less loyal than ajpgndwe
kgutshd buys the shoes another person wanted more than glxhgvu, so kgutshd is not less loyal than glxhgvu
gbmlxuyadrbl buys the shoes another person wanted while esbejtiz does not, so esbejtiz is not more loyal than gbmlxuyadrbl
gavqyob buys the shoes another person wanted while qrur does not, so qrur is not more loyal than gavqyob
pyx buys the shoes another person wanted while nkhomddvod does not, so nkhomddvod is not more loyal than pyx
yydeborpo buys the shoes another person wanted while kfdtgqhrqe does not, so kfdtgqhrqe is not more loyal than yydeborpo
lkm buys the shoes another person wanted while ilsuwkvl does not, so ilsuwkvl is not more loyal than lkm
dcbv toots their own horn while giwleos does not, so dcbv is less arrogant than giwleos
ltwqb toots their own horn while eydmhyifxv does not, so ltwqb is less arrogant than eydmhyifxv
myiasuzkdc toots their own horn while ugddpsngleei does not, so myiasuzkdc is less arrogant than ugddpsngleei
qvqgmsdkn toots their own horn while fixxmutkgif does not, so qvqgmsdkn is less arrogant than fixxmutkgif
imgsqagjisun toots their own horn while ubgnqrb does not, so imgsqagjisun is less arrogant than ubgnqrb
ygocpiqv toots their own horn while dyy does not, so dyy is less arrogant than ygocpiqv
ndg toots their own horn while lkktah does not, so lkktah is less arrogant than ndg
taprtsbmglgq toots their own horn while fwuallmincwx does not, so fwuallmincwx is less arrogant than taprtsbmglgq
iinw toots their own horn while zjevfnse does not, so zjevfnse is less arrogant than iinw
cjjgmrurgrf toots their own horn while nshdmcagu does not, so nshdmcagu is less arrogant than cjjgmrurgrf
vmjrhxuu toots their own horn while wtxiptb does not, so vmjrhxuu is not less arrogant than wtxiptb
pbernqew toots their own horn while kmin does not, so pbernqew is not less arrogant than kmin
vzg toots their own horn while rzpne does not, so vzg is not less arrogant than rzpne
uwnkiz toots their own horn while avhiupzyrpri does not, so uwnkiz is not less arrogant than avhiupzyrpri
snrse toots their own horn while ewpxfaazsb does not, so snrse is not less arrogant than ewpxfaazsb
eqpg toots their own horn while fnptx does not, so fnptx is not more arrogant than eqpg
onmlee toots their own horn while vncva does not, so vncva is not more arrogant than onmlee
gfzww toots their own horn while xbmijkzad does not, so xbmijkzad is not more arrogant than gfzww
qejsmesnijxg toots their own horn while eepmwefry does not, so eepmwefry is not more arrogant than qejsmesnijxg
mikgcbqo toots their own horn while pflcpvyuqtmv does not, so pflcpvyuqtmv is not more arrogant than mikgcbqo
qcmwfmr absolutely loved it while ntfrtkibiadf did not, so qcmwfmr is more appreciative than ntfrtkibiadf
vxnveydee absolutely loved it while hyibldhynid did not, so vxnveydee is more appreciative than hyibldhynid
awnrz absolutely loved it while axlijwvgwxcj did not, so awnrz is more appreciative than axlijwvgwxcj
dbmox absolutely loved it while mxkd did not, so dbmox is more appreciative than mxkd
dcxbqi absolutely loved it while afld did not, so dcxbqi is more appreciative than afld
mgaitf absolutely loved it while flu did not, so flu is less appreciative than mgaitf
fheapmxt absolutely loved it while bdm did not, so bdm is less appreciative than fheapmxt
lecoks absolutely loved it while qamovusagztb did not, so qamovusagztb is less appreciative than lecoks
ipoy absolutely loved it while jwbjefwaf did not, so jwbjefwaf is less appreciative than ipoy
uwgqqlitdmg absolutely loved it while jfyis did not, so jfyis is less appreciative than uwgqqlitdmg
ophthantg absolutely loved it while dcuefnmqyheb did not, so ophthantg is not less appreciative than dcuefnmqyheb
tpllu absolutely loved it while wbfqthfhddlb did not, so tpllu is not less appreciative than wbfqthfhddlb
fazwbbb absolutely loved it while xurry did not, so fazwbbb is not less appreciative than xurry
nlnolcwqyd absolutely loved it while amx did not, so nlnolcwqyd is not less appreciative than amx
efxhvxdlv absolutely loved it while dolzq did not, so efxhvxdlv is not less appreciative than dolzq
epgfroye absolutely loved it while kubgqwtsgu did not, so kubgqwtsgu is not more appreciative than epgfroye
qfhvzrou absolutely loved it while xkqf did not, so xkqf is not more appreciative than qfhvzrou
fgbgzesxx absolutely loved it while tifnukdftnl did not, so tifnukdftnl is not more appreciative than fgbgzesxx
eayvdu absolutely loved it while juhvlpc did not, so juhvlpc is not more appreciative than eayvdu
dxkucuygo absolutely loved it while mqt did not, so mqt is not more appreciative than dxkucuygo
hpsmbvf likes it very much while ahittw does not, so hpsmbvf is more positive than ahittw
lfqaeexo likes it very much while rnabut does not, so lfqaeexo is more positive than rnabut
lceyheyndtn likes it very much while ifha does not, so lceyheyndtn is more positive than ifha
znkxa likes it very much while lowbdfksfx does not, so znkxa is more positive than lowbdfksfx
erqyujrghpxs likes it very much while gqta does not, so erqyujrghpxs is more positive than gqta
jadskh likes it very much while fxqewdhsmmva does not, so fxqewdhsmmva is less positive than jadskh
utrexgy likes it very much while xxacunof does not, so xxacunof is less positive than utrexgy
yrhlyh likes it very much while ccxozb does not, so ccxozb is less positive than yrhlyh
ekdtxjg likes it very much while plxrkejbfpt does not, so plxrkejbfpt is less positive than ekdtxjg
aayaxpgjv likes it very much while hcc does not, so hcc is less positive than aayaxpgjv
yyznq likes it very much while eliukwcuchwl does not, so yyznq is not less positive than eliukwcuchwl
xbggrwfnh likes it very much while lbeeibirmx does not, so xbggrwfnh is not less positive than lbeeibirmx
koluigfr likes it very much while ahzhwggubnr does not, so koluigfr is not less positive than ahzhwggubnr
kvvnfnn likes it very much while lof does not, so kvvnfnn is not less positive than lof
rxat likes it very much while iorepe does not, so rxat is not less positive than iorepe
myq likes it very much while nvnz does not, so nvnz is not more positive than myq
ceufejby likes it very much while bvabuaoldhb does not, so bvabuaoldhb is not more positive than ceufejby
rjn likes it very much while jnwgkoyk does not, so jnwgkoyk is not more positive than rjn
aotnnzpwkh likes it very much while ecvn does not, so ecvn is not more positive than aotnnzpwkh
lsitqlscjt likes it very much while cnae does not, so cnae is not more positive than lsitqlscjt
gacvjpajbbxz takes part in the discussions while gpcvge does not, so gacvjpajbbxz is more bright than gpcvge
oolxspljyy takes part in the discussions while wigslis does not, so oolxspljyy is more bright than wigslis
efpohvg takes part in the discussions while bhvvnymgyhz does not, so efpohvg is more bright than bhvvnymgyhz
yubyp takes part in the discussions while zlmridol does not, so yubyp is more bright than zlmridol
jsmpwhwfsaay takes part in the discussions while kozjvufgyt does not, so jsmpwhwfsaay is more bright than kozjvufgyt
jntnroa takes part in the discussions while mxgigmjlht does not, so mxgigmjlht is less bright than jntnroa
odqaonelqfs takes part in the discussions while buvol does not, so buvol is less bright than odqaonelqfs
rqlkk takes part in the discussions while esoc does not, so esoc is less bright than rqlkk
bnskrmh takes part in the discussions while sxb does not, so sxb is less bright than bnskrmh
vdvobqdc takes part in the discussions while ytycgteqkjl does not, so ytycgteqkjl is less bright than vdvobqdc
nqmm takes part in the discussions while jcwwxzlijszk does not, so nqmm is not less bright than jcwwxzlijszk
qen takes part in the discussions while msfvpcvf does not, so qen is not less bright than msfvpcvf
vft takes part in the discussions while mmvnsk does not, so vft is not less bright than mmvnsk
bjxfjl takes part in the discussions while yhsyd does not, so bjxfjl is not less bright than yhsyd
aoxa takes part in the discussions while yfabskz does not, so aoxa is not less bright than yfabskz
ipnhzkdqy takes part in the discussions while yjlcskxre does not, so yjlcskxre is not more bright than ipnhzkdqy
potundvjlbx takes part in the discussions while tbjbs does not, so tbjbs is not more bright than potundvjlbx
aacljsaenvy takes part in the discussions while njjognomtn does not, so njjognomtn is not more bright than aacljsaenvy
majb takes part in the discussions while ysdxvkyge does not, so ysdxvkyge is not more bright than majb
vmmhzjz takes part in the discussions while rbywypgkpvyi does not, so rbywypgkpvyi is not more bright than vmmhzjz
aptx is going to throw up more than eqgubc, so aptx is more sick than eqgubc
dpki is going to throw up more than hfnwo, so dpki is more sick than hfnwo
ekbg is going to throw up more than rmevqribs, so ekbg is more sick than rmevqribs
sofegbwmwfz is going to throw up more than hdcagriqkbr, so sofegbwmwfz is more sick than hdcagriqkbr
gbjevqejppa is going to throw up more than qkn, so gbjevqejppa is more sick than qkn
isulvutb is going to throw up while bsnmlutepysz is not, so bsnmlutepysz is less sick than isulvutb
gypqnacekknp is going to throw up while rrb is not, so rrb is less sick than gypqnacekknp
vfawwqogitee is going to throw up while wvmml is not, so wvmml is less sick than vfawwqogitee
bcockvuq is going to throw up while witluy is not, so witluy is less sick than bcockvuq
xofyolnifhvb is going to throw up while wairsgroh is not, so wairsgroh is less sick than xofyolnifhvb
pxqf is going to throw up while axmmstnbk is not, so pxqf is not less sick than axmmstnbk
acynwaapy is going to throw up while thqablhoxy is not, so acynwaapy is not less sick than thqablhoxy
hxjdit is going to throw up while gtbsqzca is not, so hxjdit is not less sick than gtbsqzca
dzame is going to throw up while eicnwmxft is not, so dzame is not less sick than eicnwmxft
blbuyezdjb is going to throw up while byhyveaprz is not, so blbuyezdjb is not less sick than byhyveaprz
fxaagkcj is going to throw up while tmlaksdcavl is not, so tmlaksdcavl is not more sick than fxaagkcj
zovybop is going to throw up while dnaqslg is not, so dnaqslg is not more sick than zovybop
rlhohknisebn is going to throw up while lhotf is not, so lhotf is not more sick than rlhohknisebn
jkhsdowu is going to throw up while szooakgn is not, so szooakgn is not more sick than jkhsdowu
kikrh is going to throw up while munt is not, so munt is not more sick than kikrh
ybdhqg keeps an eye on another person while roieavxcjj does not, so ybdhqg is more wary than roieavxcjj
kusiprmvi keeps an eye on another person while lljuc does not, so kusiprmvi is more wary than lljuc
ljfnhkjhhx keeps an eye on another person while verqvjvnine does not, so ljfnhkjhhx is more wary than verqvjvnine
fgtm keeps an eye on another person while mhaqcb does not, so fgtm is more wary than mhaqcb
ukclf keeps an eye on another person while vegrlnnbxrpe does not, so ukclf is more wary than vegrlnnbxrpe
jwgntjpeelvj keeps an eye on another person while niefyuiezaxj does not, so niefyuiezaxj is less wary than jwgntjpeelvj
hvrilowf keeps an eye on another person while ywzbrzh does not, so ywzbrzh is less wary than hvrilowf
jmbdscamcajd keeps an eye on another person while raypxurgkvda does not, so raypxurgkvda is less wary than jmbdscamcajd
ajwihelp keeps an eye on another person while vllamtgdsbj does not, so vllamtgdsbj is less wary than ajwihelp
dxoi keeps an eye on another person while vdmsmeeng does not, so vdmsmeeng is less wary than dxoi
lshyof keeps an eye on another person while lgmoaukjolx does not, so lshyof is not less wary than lgmoaukjolx
wkdyloims keeps an eye on another person while igcepltf does not, so wkdyloims is not less wary than igcepltf
cfclv keeps an eye on another person while cpm does not, so cfclv is not less wary than cpm
oznzxvxnbmfk keeps an eye on another person while ymufhmlqau does not, so oznzxvxnbmfk is not less wary than ymufhmlqau
flpatlwy keeps an eye on another person while ryypo does not, so flpatlwy is not less wary than ryypo
hqmhkqhm keeps an eye on another person while piobsgednc does not, so piobsgednc is not more wary than hqmhkqhm
odd keeps an eye on another person while gbmpbzezqhl does not, so gbmpbzezqhl is not more wary than odd
vle keeps an eye on another person while vhk does not, so vhk is not more wary than vle
iwwddswrlcb keeps an eye on another person while hztdgykivxb does not, so hztdgykivxb is not more wary than iwwddswrlcb
oonlrsxo keeps an eye on another person while bzufirietml does not, so bzufirietml is not more wary than oonlrsxo
fin wants to hire another person while ykpij does not, so fin is less satisfied than ykpij
umjh wants to hire another person while vlvpmhbjz does not, so umjh is less satisfied than vlvpmhbjz
hgvdqgpbrd wants to hire another person while idlbrnp does not, so hgvdqgpbrd is less satisfied than idlbrnp
seylzl wants to hire another person while dhktpawq does not, so seylzl is less satisfied than dhktpawq
uozgujmxlp wants to hire another person while tiwiajwf does not, so uozgujmxlp is less satisfied than tiwiajwf
baq wants to hire another person while beukve does not, so beukve is less satisfied than baq
qjhsyrdeprto wants to hire another person while wlxvt does not, so wlxvt is less satisfied than qjhsyrdeprto
ijlwaqrlcp wants to hire another person while lxu does not, so lxu is less satisfied than ijlwaqrlcp
tztmyhuwux wants to hire another person while whtnkyppudq does not, so whtnkyppudq is less satisfied than tztmyhuwux
edvtqezr wants to hire another person while kpzmgk does not, so kpzmgk is less satisfied than edvtqezr
toirodpeqpi wants to hire another person while umrwph does not, so toirodpeqpi is not less satisfied than umrwph
kspckjriv wants to hire another person while vkxgd does not, so kspckjriv is not less satisfied than vkxgd
mlrshvkpoasb wants to hire another person while fybxixhljafw does not, so mlrshvkpoasb is not less satisfied than fybxixhljafw
brsz wants to hire another person while vxwhno does not, so brsz is not less satisfied than vxwhno
gxdgh wants to hire another person while cghdq does not, so gxdgh is not less satisfied than cghdq
gnzz wants to hire another person while gsdx does not, so gsdx is not more satisfied than gnzz
zcomc wants to hire another person while ssjlgdccssr does not, so ssjlgdccssr is not more satisfied than zcomc
nlsrry wants to hire another person while gxjipcdyrxd does not, so gxjipcdyrxd is not more satisfied than nlsrry
wpel wants to hire another person while fdirwxnzszri does not, so fdirwxnzszri is not more satisfied than wpel
qzduf wants to hire another person while fravqwnaswza does not, so fravqwnaswza is not more satisfied than qzduf
buqwxd cracks the screen while biart does not, so buqwxd is more irresponsible than biart
jbybuajj cracks the screen while mvcempysglq does not, so jbybuajj is more irresponsible than mvcempysglq
cuqbfdbk cracks the screen while klhjkholpfu does not, so cuqbfdbk is more irresponsible than klhjkholpfu
wjjomwridu cracks the screen while frhpnyso does not, so wjjomwridu is more irresponsible than frhpnyso
rxqifwz cracks the screen while zmdys does not, so rxqifwz is more irresponsible than zmdys
dysre cracks the screen while cefreepyaxek does not, so cefreepyaxek is less irresponsible than dysre
atfqav cracks the screen while qunweydfz does not, so qunweydfz is less irresponsible than atfqav
psnqyesktm cracks the screen while cduygqyvy does not, so cduygqyvy is less irresponsible than psnqyesktm
xssfbkoimgoz cracks the screen while bqlkftiglx does not, so bqlkftiglx is less irresponsible than xssfbkoimgoz
gnty cracks the screen while yopgllzgd does not, so yopgllzgd is less irresponsible than gnty
dtd cracks the screen while yenrbdpjciqt does not, so dtd is not less irresponsible than yenrbdpjciqt
mrf cracks the screen while bdgucock does not, so mrf is not less irresponsible than bdgucock
iye cracks the screen while xha does not, so iye is not less irresponsible than xha
vgltt cracks the screen while pzocdgnzwisc does not, so vgltt is not less irresponsible than pzocdgnzwisc
zpmaz cracks the screen while zarksttgqgtq does not, so zpmaz is not less irresponsible than zarksttgqgtq
xhoqms cracks the screen while obubrcded does not, so obubrcded is not more irresponsible than xhoqms
omrdhfuls cracks the screen while tsoeayzjc does not, so tsoeayzjc is not more irresponsible than omrdhfuls
qlkjvsdubgc cracks the screen while wkwyzqvsby does not, so wkwyzqvsby is not more irresponsible than qlkjvsdubgc
lkmgy cracks the screen while ukpufbudkkzj does not, so ukpufbudkkzj is not more irresponsible than lkmgy
myli cracks the screen while jekafz does not, so jekafz is not more irresponsible than myli
feqpmvsjwidy looks brand new while oaryowrrpps does not, so feqpmvsjwidy is more handsome than oaryowrrpps
dme looks brand new while vbxagnhs does not, so dme is more handsome than vbxagnhs
lzrxf looks brand new while uytrwffiy does not, so lzrxf is more handsome than uytrwffiy
jduezd looks brand new while jnzx does not, so jduezd is more handsome than jnzx
fllnesjbi looks brand new while eymluxpafbic does not, so fllnesjbi is more handsome than eymluxpafbic
bgvysfviywm looks brand new while eirgdlw does not, so eirgdlw is less handsome than bgvysfviywm
cwynubgufd looks brand new while bglfzrgrnxpd does not, so bglfzrgrnxpd is less handsome than cwynubgufd
tjbklaoze looks brand new while yaynkpxhmu does not, so yaynkpxhmu is less handsome than tjbklaoze
vquwgzhcczz looks brand new while itcltikpwid does not, so itcltikpwid is less handsome than vquwgzhcczz
bgmgha looks brand new while wipxjs does not, so wipxjs is less handsome than bgmgha
alqsxzveb looks brand new while gemwdu does not, so alqsxzveb is not less handsome than gemwdu
mojxaejnwtcv looks brand new while szwozxux does not, so mojxaejnwtcv is not less handsome than szwozxux
rsiljr looks brand new while lsbhamsgbmp does not, so rsiljr is not less handsome than lsbhamsgbmp
rgpglmjgvmkc looks brand new while stlmprpn does not, so rgpglmjgvmkc is not less handsome than stlmprpn
cgzyfnhzsh looks brand new while fqtjdrjjqc does not, so cgzyfnhzsh is not less handsome than fqtjdrjjqc
vmbz looks brand new while oaii does not, so oaii is not more handsome than vmbz
qxe looks brand new while auluuooirgzr does not, so auluuooirgzr is not more handsome than qxe
vfnwfdkhnwo looks brand new while lcqa does not, so lcqa is not more handsome than vfnwfdkhnwo
tdu looks brand new while wppuufegmc does not, so wppuufegmc is not more handsome than tdu
esmlvn looks brand new while rkzsuwbwgws does not, so rkzsuwbwgws is not more handsome than esmlvn
vokyiikpqr takes another person's lives while sgiq does not, so vokyiikpqr is less brutal than sgiq
bsbikrei takes another person's lives while cykwadfdyhz does not, so bsbikrei is less brutal than cykwadfdyhz
rjrcwzopquf takes another person's lives while rhkf does not, so rjrcwzopquf is less brutal than rhkf
lkzbipci takes another person's lives while qjayzpmp does not, so lkzbipci is less brutal than qjayzpmp
hdfytrhmvrxz takes another person's lives while lonorllnpxs does not, so hdfytrhmvrxz is less brutal than lonorllnpxs
ieb takes another person's lives while flpzjbuhwlo does not, so flpzjbuhwlo is less brutal than ieb
vurxwakzte takes another person's lives while wcutiwpukxo does not, so wcutiwpukxo is less brutal than vurxwakzte
gvjdcd takes another person's lives while eldrnkq does not, so eldrnkq is less brutal than gvjdcd
ffcm takes another person's lives while zbrzt does not, so zbrzt is less brutal than ffcm
zdfxlmolwnwo takes another person's lives while ckulhouixoar does not, so ckulhouixoar is less brutal than zdfxlmolwnwo
phqh takes another person's lives while zhzxuwakng does not, so phqh is not less brutal than zhzxuwakng
pwd takes another person's lives while fdpotfom does not, so pwd is not less brutal than fdpotfom
bhootjc takes another person's lives while rebkryjkwkwd does not, so bhootjc is not less brutal than rebkryjkwkwd
bdvqfxw takes another person's lives while fjjckwt does not, so bdvqfxw is not less brutal than fjjckwt
kjfvd takes another person's lives while juvimxbx does not, so kjfvd is not less brutal than juvimxbx
axijt takes another person's lives while hxulxkpanap does not, so hxulxkpanap is not more brutal than axijt
pdvllwnuc takes another person's lives while jhckoehybdkz does not, so jhckoehybdkz is not more brutal than pdvllwnuc
zqjrwtpnkfa takes another person's lives while zkoaeoch does not, so zkoaeoch is not more brutal than zqjrwtpnkfa
exykibpwa takes another person's lives while qccovqzsrxg does not, so qccovqzsrxg is not more brutal than exykibpwa
xptppgxztn takes another person's lives while unghhuc does not, so unghhuc is not more brutal than xptppgxztn
mdelkcqfu loves going to the zoo while ivaqagfw does not, so mdelkcqfu is more curious than ivaqagfw
skyuotpxjgxz loves going to the zoo while boxfqxoex does not, so skyuotpxjgxz is more curious than boxfqxoex
vpmjrk loves going to the zoo while lzkuute does not, so vpmjrk is more curious than lzkuute
bruvoy loves going to the zoo while licia does not, so bruvoy is more curious than licia
gbipkqn loves going to the zoo while vurkefy does not, so gbipkqn is more curious than vurkefy
nsgxjwt loves going to the zoo while ztqjp does not, so ztqjp is less curious than nsgxjwt
giysoovssfc loves going to the zoo while sqjlfgxsr does not, so sqjlfgxsr is less curious than giysoovssfc
fxxqdkx loves going to the zoo while kpz does not, so kpz is less curious than fxxqdkx
mqhxxjpr loves going to the zoo while wlabf does not, so wlabf is less curious than mqhxxjpr
hbviakpdfn loves going to the zoo while tzlt does not, so tzlt is less curious than hbviakpdfn
xfiicxca loves going to the zoo more than xbpmaiutqnw, so xfiicxca is not less curious than xbpmaiutqnw
ypokyj loves going to the zoo more than pkgijmwbri, so ypokyj is not less curious than pkgijmwbri
wynprocmqkdm loves going to the zoo more than kop, so wynprocmqkdm is not less curious than kop
acblkal loves going to the zoo more than shb, so acblkal is not less curious than shb
fwdcymhcb loves going to the zoo more than ggn, so fwdcymhcb is not less curious than ggn
gjhl loves going to the zoo more than zfshuvkqb, so zfshuvkqb is not more curious than gjhl
ijfuwvpic loves going to the zoo more than afwpb, so afwpb is not more curious than ijfuwvpic
pnhjnxgvt loves going to the zoo more than cuapqtiq, so cuapqtiq is not more curious than pnhjnxgvt
cxsxdwpa loves going to the zoo more than htlbcgmlk, so htlbcgmlk is not more curious than cxsxdwpa
ebwbizc loves going to the zoo more than kgnlabyyiox, so kgnlabyyiox is not more curious than ebwbizc
gmor is really hungry while kbolxju is not, so gmor is more uncomfortable than kbolxju
eueqvmyuq is really hungry while xsrybyeejwy is not, so eueqvmyuq is more uncomfortable than xsrybyeejwy
qjdfhgbtgbgm is really hungry while cln is not, so qjdfhgbtgbgm is more uncomfortable than cln
sdcspckv is really hungry while ladxhkfps is not, so sdcspckv is more uncomfortable than ladxhkfps
tzsom is really hungry while fdfgbrpdarxz is not, so tzsom is more uncomfortable than fdfgbrpdarxz
iwta is really hungry while vyfojc is not, so vyfojc is less uncomfortable than iwta
flegnau is really hungry while sknfubtenw is not, so sknfubtenw is less uncomfortable than flegnau
hce is really hungry while eydgbw is not, so eydgbw is less uncomfortable than hce
zhu is really hungry while oerfswzbju is not, so oerfswzbju is less uncomfortable than zhu
vxntqn is really hungry while sdukig is not, so sdukig is less uncomfortable than vxntqn
ecgahy is really hungry while osv is not, so ecgahy is not less uncomfortable than osv
xfqz is really hungry while gfpai is not, so xfqz is not less uncomfortable than gfpai
urlacu is really hungry while rhnldt is not, so urlacu is not less uncomfortable than rhnldt
cimlhnmp is really hungry while ytsvrikyues is not, so cimlhnmp is not less uncomfortable than ytsvrikyues
xjfah is really hungry while rczgvdtv is not, so xjfah is not less uncomfortable than rczgvdtv
bujywjm is really hungry while ddtvc is not, so ddtvc is not more uncomfortable than bujywjm
rozfskma is really hungry while sxczk is not, so sxczk is not more uncomfortable than rozfskma
outqnllefoo is really hungry while samumhxg is not, so samumhxg is not more uncomfortable than outqnllefoo
bzy is really hungry while mrh is not, so mrh is not more uncomfortable than bzy
qawha is really hungry while zohokkkshevx is not, so zohokkkshevx is not more uncomfortable than qawha
umza gets their moneys worth while des does not, so umza is more thrifty than des
eohtm gets their moneys worth while yazdjpvxf does not, so eohtm is more thrifty than yazdjpvxf
thdhtlfj gets their moneys worth while vjof does not, so thdhtlfj is more thrifty than vjof
tawtsyr gets their moneys worth while evbipvy does not, so tawtsyr is more thrifty than evbipvy
xfjvbqtxdxng gets their moneys worth while bpokfyyp does not, so xfjvbqtxdxng is more thrifty than bpokfyyp
tekkxpqhpcsl gets their moneys worth while ugotyludlcl does not, so ugotyludlcl is less thrifty than tekkxpqhpcsl
mciz gets their moneys worth while xzppzncaxshr does not, so xzppzncaxshr is less thrifty than mciz
jcor gets their moneys worth while ydqwjjdlnhud does not, so ydqwjjdlnhud is less thrifty than jcor
oolpehjq gets their moneys worth while egjnk does not, so egjnk is less thrifty than oolpehjq
yircbmgenye gets their moneys worth while sgvw does not, so sgvw is less thrifty than yircbmgenye
hgvjeon gets their moneys worth while goxdgkgvsifo does not, so hgvjeon is not less thrifty than goxdgkgvsifo
krnp gets their moneys worth while orngmmvvupmd does not, so krnp is not less thrifty than orngmmvvupmd
umwknauo gets their moneys worth while uuvsnyzmq does not, so umwknauo is not less thrifty than uuvsnyzmq
paqjlmttylt gets their moneys worth while dlhfqewlwbn does not, so paqjlmttylt is not less thrifty than dlhfqewlwbn
wcntfao gets their moneys worth while uaarhhbgkjdp does not, so wcntfao is not less thrifty than uaarhhbgkjdp
wemcmrkc gets their moneys worth more than jqrva, so jqrva is not more thrifty than wemcmrkc
gkcebxikts gets their moneys worth more than tmmrahthyt, so tmmrahthyt is not more thrifty than gkcebxikts
eqq gets their moneys worth more than ohwrzkmla, so ohwrzkmla is not more thrifty than eqq
yzc gets their moneys worth more than esyaihmyl, so esyaihmyl is not more thrifty than yzc
bye gets their moneys worth more than abmyaqkkxzly, so abmyaqkkxzly is not more thrifty than bye
brggivhz collects cans while ucqekauqkbaq does not, so brggivhz is more accountable than ucqekauqkbaq
bhcynvnobs collects cans while lqxhuode does not, so bhcynvnobs is more accountable than lqxhuode
kdtitz collects cans while dosatc does not, so kdtitz is more accountable than dosatc
evgwytxwtyh collects cans while lnqdzof does not, so evgwytxwtyh is more accountable than lnqdzof
nmteufflzgn collects cans while iswahujhrezj does not, so nmteufflzgn is more accountable than iswahujhrezj
radpyueoxt collects cans while rlsmqfwtbz does not, so rlsmqfwtbz is less accountable than radpyueoxt
jsfa collects cans while qnehddryanu does not, so qnehddryanu is less accountable than jsfa
wvwvgounhq collects cans while watzvc does not, so watzvc is less accountable than wvwvgounhq
sqamdsa collects cans while iecktjwbgz does not, so iecktjwbgz is less accountable than sqamdsa
ekmnfwbob collects cans while uchthjrvxzb does not, so uchthjrvxzb is less accountable than ekmnfwbob
ewsnk collects cans while jzjptg does not, so ewsnk is not less accountable than jzjptg
wzasvv collects cans while kkacbbw does not, so wzasvv is not less accountable than kkacbbw
tjqcwrr collects cans while bnwzuz does not, so tjqcwrr is not less accountable than bnwzuz
orrlpwolafx collects cans while msdtdcdqmk does not, so orrlpwolafx is not less accountable than msdtdcdqmk
xbuvssezpx collects cans while avaz does not, so xbuvssezpx is not less accountable than avaz
zypppntftrc collects cans while jtbixxozngpm does not, so jtbixxozngpm is not more accountable than zypppntftrc
puhvzgulzsyh collects cans while ifhga does not, so ifhga is not more accountable than puhvzgulzsyh
epzrpsdcljg collects cans while kliniozqk does not, so kliniozqk is not more accountable than epzrpsdcljg
ndiautbogc collects cans while uyhiqdem does not, so uyhiqdem is not more accountable than ndiautbogc
tvkxbfm collects cans while isvksv does not, so isvksv is not more accountable than tvkxbfm
nlvxciwxj wakes up one day while zgikhshqa does not, so nlvxciwxj is more ready than zgikhshqa
dukw wakes up one day while muinmp does not, so dukw is more ready than muinmp
yithdolho wakes up one day while deogo does not, so yithdolho is more ready than deogo
swyjkf wakes up one day while tcsfbk does not, so swyjkf is more ready than tcsfbk
qymrpnkevji wakes up one day while uzb does not, so qymrpnkevji is more ready than uzb
dbhyl wakes up one day while owpikkqxfxr does not, so owpikkqxfxr is less ready than dbhyl
zkhwthqpn wakes up one day while megepfws does not, so megepfws is less ready than zkhwthqpn
robakfafwaoi wakes up one day while ynauthplturc does not, so ynauthplturc is less ready than robakfafwaoi
duefy wakes up one day while isfjhxpwipet does not, so isfjhxpwipet is less ready than duefy
skpdtjishhr wakes up one day while ncwrseduuib does not, so ncwrseduuib is less ready than skpdtjishhr
pnv wakes up one day more than ddtrdwvosw, so pnv is not less ready than ddtrdwvosw
bec wakes up one day more than laf, so bec is not less ready than laf
usarlwxnf wakes up one day more than hfhthsw, so usarlwxnf is not less ready than hfhthsw
rvegky wakes up one day more than blsqznqlfy, so rvegky is not less ready than blsqznqlfy
uqrejppq wakes up one day more than xkpabi, so uqrejppq is not less ready than xkpabi
eyefy wakes up one day while ptcs does not, so ptcs is not more ready than eyefy
blqrtzw wakes up one day while phbksek does not, so phbksek is not more ready than blqrtzw
rrgsbhdk wakes up one day while qfqnsjoqpyy does not, so qfqnsjoqpyy is not more ready than rrgsbhdk
yishl wakes up one day while qrqni does not, so qrqni is not more ready than yishl
cxpizlenrm wakes up one day while udvhdz does not, so udvhdz is not more ready than cxpizlenrm
wtpzg pays another person back while xovktudexpv does not, so wtpzg is more dependable than xovktudexpv
mtyvnqyjb pays another person back while zpcuswfroezz does not, so mtyvnqyjb is more dependable than zpcuswfroezz
hvxv pays another person back while sgczuwo does not, so hvxv is more dependable than sgczuwo
jcpflsms pays another person back while ohp does not, so jcpflsms is more dependable than ohp
kozeap pays another person back while ftdiktxkwslp does not, so kozeap is more dependable than ftdiktxkwslp
ypmhmb pays another person back while oqchmh does not, so oqchmh is less dependable than ypmhmb
tygwtnmqcain pays another person back while hmtlr does not, so hmtlr is less dependable than tygwtnmqcain
zzlmvaacavm pays another person back while aikbxeu does not, so aikbxeu is less dependable than zzlmvaacavm
rhsa pays another person back while xisdntfv does not, so xisdntfv is less dependable than rhsa
bwnafwsun pays another person back while beqwplptxw does not, so beqwplptxw is less dependable than bwnafwsun
mxjreajl pays another person back while fgn does not, so mxjreajl is not less dependable than fgn
birxsh pays another person back while mtzadjnpuza does not, so birxsh is not less dependable than mtzadjnpuza
skzgaxoov pays another person back while nqcoljrw does not, so skzgaxoov is not less dependable than nqcoljrw
vtedwmktxnzz pays another person back while ipuifm does not, so vtedwmktxnzz is not less dependable than ipuifm
zdzfqectoe pays another person back while syzwchchydsc does not, so zdzfqectoe is not less dependable than syzwchchydsc
gnutulm pays another person back while gqfqnymm does not, so gqfqnymm is not more dependable than gnutulm
pacmdyzttb pays another person back while nystxahsk does not, so nystxahsk is not more dependable than pacmdyzttb
ibua pays another person back while vqmcrb does not, so vqmcrb is not more dependable than ibua
ddzmb pays another person back while apzrcisfeto does not, so apzrcisfeto is not more dependable than ddzmb
cnkayv pays another person back while exghkdmhoyls does not, so exghkdmhoyls is not more dependable than cnkayv
fgdvyivoprt eats the food while mqqhyqipli does not, so fgdvyivoprt is more depressed than mqqhyqipli
yxu eats the food while ulnl does not, so yxu is more depressed than ulnl
ytipzy eats the food while ickzlllyxuas does not, so ytipzy is more depressed than ickzlllyxuas
ntqqkoh eats the food while aku does not, so ntqqkoh is more depressed than aku
fdwjwu eats the food while dujwkhzdy does not, so fdwjwu is more depressed than dujwkhzdy
lmzjmm eats the food while hzbvijsbgcjb does not, so hzbvijsbgcjb is more depressed than lmzjmm
qqzzs eats the food while mme does not, so mme is more depressed than qqzzs
qtcnagnro eats the food while nsgeor does not, so nsgeor is more depressed than qtcnagnro
cncpza eats the food while lkt does not, so lkt is more depressed than cncpza
bjhn eats the food while oaggcnpgxbp does not, so oaggcnpgxbp is more depressed than bjhn
jtabkutpd eats the food while jmvsmtacqrnc does not, so jtabkutpd is not less depressed than jmvsmtacqrnc
gkmeybym eats the food while onusz does not, so gkmeybym is not less depressed than onusz
uoxne eats the food while oesbpw does not, so uoxne is not less depressed than oesbpw
qhtsitgvq eats the food while zptkpdtk does not, so qhtsitgvq is not less depressed than zptkpdtk
uoluevby eats the food while cupopnf does not, so uoluevby is not less depressed than cupopnf
mnw eats the food while bdtsw does not, so bdtsw is not more depressed than mnw
elizdbprds eats the food while pwvdgwjd does not, so pwvdgwjd is not more depressed than elizdbprds
xtznpquqzhp eats the food while ywumvnbkvgr does not, so ywumvnbkvgr is not more depressed than xtznpquqzhp
fibu eats the food while fsydiywo does not, so fsydiywo is not more depressed than fibu
dkpargr eats the food while xjdtwftxkxg does not, so xjdtwftxkxg is not more depressed than dkpargr
ypo is very proud of another person's accomplishment while zrqzsjdpnxr is not, so ypo is more delighted than zrqzsjdpnxr
sqk is very proud of another person's accomplishment while lglte is not, so sqk is more delighted than lglte
tjlzewxotmg is very proud of another person's accomplishment while avvpecqlay is not, so tjlzewxotmg is more delighted than avvpecqlay
ycssguefj is very proud of another person's accomplishment while jphxsvann is not, so ycssguefj is more delighted than jphxsvann
jbcclmeorr is very proud of another person's accomplishment while huxfsu is not, so jbcclmeorr is more delighted than huxfsu
uuhv is very proud of another person's accomplishment while tjmnxkuv is not, so tjmnxkuv is less delighted than uuhv
qhjsgvctpl is very proud of another person's accomplishment while hjimbl is not, so hjimbl is less delighted than qhjsgvctpl
cohdlqjrnn is very proud of another person's accomplishment while rzfm is not, so rzfm is less delighted than cohdlqjrnn
wwgrqwm is very proud of another person's accomplishment while mvzl is not, so mvzl is less delighted than wwgrqwm
ysssw is very proud of another person's accomplishment while uygpvvofzf is not, so uygpvvofzf is less delighted than ysssw
aiomqhedqhyn is very proud of another person's accomplishment while yeabajsm is not, so aiomqhedqhyn is not less delighted than yeabajsm
drzpmurd is very proud of another person's accomplishment while fcwa is not, so drzpmurd is not less delighted than fcwa
zceqjynfqoq is very proud of another person's accomplishment while feez is not, so zceqjynfqoq is not less delighted than feez
pnalznxmvpsf is very proud of another person's accomplishment while iflxbnzb is not, so pnalznxmvpsf is not less delighted than iflxbnzb
gjsiwn is very proud of another person's accomplishment while pikcathagb is not, so gjsiwn is not less delighted than pikcathagb
tfaxmknbb is very proud of another person's accomplishment while igxpou is not, so igxpou is not more delighted than tfaxmknbb
forreugbj is very proud of another person's accomplishment while xrjws is not, so xrjws is not more delighted than forreugbj
qoasgfz is very proud of another person's accomplishment while mrt is not, so mrt is not more delighted than qoasgfz
oayupemgeeh is very proud of another person's accomplishment while pmt is not, so pmt is not more delighted than oayupemgeeh
fdvxpowwshi is very proud of another person's accomplishment while fenqxmk is not, so fenqxmk is not more delighted than fdvxpowwshi
ctxnlvggrpzl plays bingo while afpffz does not, so ctxnlvggrpzl is more playful than afpffz
lwcapgrcm plays bingo while ryng does not, so lwcapgrcm is more playful than ryng
qooops plays bingo while sdbsnviuish does not, so qooops is more playful than sdbsnviuish
ydqtdbfr plays bingo while vgtjcyi does not, so ydqtdbfr is more playful than vgtjcyi
xtjqid plays bingo while cgm does not, so xtjqid is more playful than cgm
haryu plays bingo while wdwbx does not, so wdwbx is less playful than haryu
lmvfrhvb plays bingo while bbfdagadsqdk does not, so bbfdagadsqdk is less playful than lmvfrhvb
capjluav plays bingo while mgqoknsp does not, so mgqoknsp is less playful than capjluav
nufqbwgkv plays bingo while bkhjc does not, so bkhjc is less playful than nufqbwgkv
yqugpgaljqdt plays bingo while rucmdxlgpwa does not, so rucmdxlgpwa is less playful than yqugpgaljqdt
klnjzgdjyqm plays bingo while hhkdssutvc does not, so klnjzgdjyqm is not less playful than hhkdssutvc
ibwuguh plays bingo while isnh does not, so ibwuguh is not less playful than isnh
qzfte plays bingo while ezwjbkmlnvvx does not, so qzfte is not less playful than ezwjbkmlnvvx
rtictnhhh plays bingo while zfr does not, so rtictnhhh is not less playful than zfr
mvxrgymzd plays bingo while yten does not, so mvxrgymzd is not less playful than yten
anliirdmezcv plays bingo while onmfxdwa does not, so onmfxdwa is not more playful than anliirdmezcv
djecfhqkdee plays bingo while lpnkdlmuxlha does not, so lpnkdlmuxlha is not more playful than djecfhqkdee
xev plays bingo while shoznkwndwi does not, so shoznkwndwi is not more playful than xev
bwpncezbno plays bingo while riircsjft does not, so riircsjft is not more playful than bwpncezbno
wpuw plays bingo while dxrootrfx does not, so dxrootrfx is not more playful than wpuw
jgwajc is more careful next time than cfyxaizxjb, so jgwajc is more cautious than cfyxaizxjb
lairpzmrzmv is more careful next time than sels, so lairpzmrzmv is more cautious than sels
gttna is more careful next time than iwgupcygytxg, so gttna is more cautious than iwgupcygytxg
ompawiqqfjvb is more careful next time than svpnpeavntc, so ompawiqqfjvb is more cautious than svpnpeavntc
lfq is more careful next time than wjftxgqvrhx, so lfq is more cautious than wjftxgqvrhx
slbbov is more careful next time than yezb, so yezb is less cautious than slbbov
ufknurgwgl is more careful next time than hnv, so hnv is less cautious than ufknurgwgl
zggdjrz is more careful next time than ezzydchqgngr, so ezzydchqgngr is less cautious than zggdjrz
kszx is more careful next time than ezfprhhrpkm, so ezfprhhrpkm is less cautious than kszx
qjhmdj is more careful next time than tbsvcwtqzm, so tbsvcwtqzm is less cautious than qjhmdj
uxbaxeeeg is more careful next time than nwk, so uxbaxeeeg is not less cautious than nwk
izbymslg is more careful next time than uegct, so izbymslg is not less cautious than uegct
dunsmzcilvph is more careful next time than tznhhmoh, so dunsmzcilvph is not less cautious than tznhhmoh
vqinhgyrhs is more careful next time than vdubh, so vqinhgyrhs is not less cautious than vdubh
mxabfcyzfzu is more careful next time than robraagvk, so mxabfcyzfzu is not less cautious than robraagvk
aafmhyq is more careful next time than kfkuuw, so kfkuuw is not more cautious than aafmhyq
fmatvmle is more careful next time than zxnj, so zxnj is not more cautious than fmatvmle
qagueshawr is more careful next time than elegfiw, so elegfiw is not more cautious than qagueshawr
edytupltem is more careful next time than httsyometw, so httsyometw is not more cautious than edytupltem
gnekakmb is more careful next time than qvtgzjxws, so qvtgzjxws is not more cautious than gnekakmb
jqi is scared of the dark while iegmsoxasos is not, so jqi is more immature than iegmsoxasos
yjoitlki is scared of the dark while souqfwxpc is not, so yjoitlki is more immature than souqfwxpc
fsoumvajld is scared of the dark while rlqqir is not, so fsoumvajld is more immature than rlqqir
azwdiotalw is scared of the dark while vkddmsuq is not, so azwdiotalw is more immature than vkddmsuq
lvoohoh is scared of the dark while ierumd is not, so lvoohoh is more immature than ierumd
ayudtrljgnpx is scared of the dark while wzxhk is not, so wzxhk is less immature than ayudtrljgnpx
dna is scared of the dark while bpwtimvj is not, so bpwtimvj is less immature than dna
fffbdrvq is scared of the dark while zbosoqqhldbi is not, so zbosoqqhldbi is less immature than fffbdrvq
uezeadtimzge is scared of the dark while yswrter is not, so yswrter is less immature than uezeadtimzge
lrwtup is scared of the dark while yfiqvjuyfx is not, so yfiqvjuyfx is less immature than lrwtup
jpateh is scared of the dark while symnneujvpm is not, so jpateh is not less immature than symnneujvpm
cvmylj is scared of the dark while ghjjy is not, so cvmylj is not less immature than ghjjy
efrdwgbq is scared of the dark while xqufzm is not, so efrdwgbq is not less immature than xqufzm
iusmjjyvs is scared of the dark while fhbudwizr is not, so iusmjjyvs is not less immature than fhbudwizr
jpyydbx is scared of the dark while evbkfnb is not, so jpyydbx is not less immature than evbkfnb
leg is scared of the dark while opciovlhl is not, so opciovlhl is not more immature than leg
mzpyfitckst is scared of the dark while vgycljkhd is not, so vgycljkhd is not more immature than mzpyfitckst
kgc is scared of the dark while swxamxy is not, so swxamxy is not more immature than kgc
wykzzlohr is scared of the dark while tnbtkpy is not, so tnbtkpy is not more immature than wykzzlohr
pudebbnn is scared of the dark while yrgdmmxu is not, so yrgdmmxu is not more immature than pudebbnn
xwgr kills another person's husband while dcnshqpt does not, so xwgr is more cruel than dcnshqpt
mclpeur kills another person's husband while obtovmebrlg does not, so mclpeur is more cruel than obtovmebrlg
zjcsydrgv kills another person's husband while fbj does not, so zjcsydrgv is more cruel than fbj
uoolfcrpcyls kills another person's husband while wcujrre does not, so uoolfcrpcyls is more cruel than wcujrre
kettaakeawb kills another person's husband while qmssjcg does not, so kettaakeawb is more cruel than qmssjcg
leksdmq kills another person's husband while cofewohne does not, so cofewohne is less cruel than leksdmq
klu kills another person's husband while nvlwpkeih does not, so nvlwpkeih is less cruel than klu
mdvyszfkeh kills another person's husband while zbist does not, so zbist is less cruel than mdvyszfkeh
cbjfysnsw kills another person's husband while mnktq does not, so mnktq is less cruel than cbjfysnsw
gzrkegrmocl kills another person's husband while wjlggvzmezfw does not, so wjlggvzmezfw is less cruel than gzrkegrmocl
umbpymvgzd kills another person's husband while chrukere does not, so umbpymvgzd is not less cruel than chrukere
ksekubbm kills another person's husband while djerarkbsr does not, so ksekubbm is not less cruel than djerarkbsr
qeb kills another person's husband while jwcacou does not, so qeb is not less cruel than jwcacou
ijamd kills another person's husband while blv does not, so ijamd is not less cruel than blv
hwiz kills another person's husband while gybzjyuipn does not, so hwiz is not less cruel than gybzjyuipn
dexatx kills another person's husband while euzzsrpqlqp does not, so euzzsrpqlqp is not more cruel than dexatx
pscvvookxu kills another person's husband while ojsv does not, so ojsv is not more cruel than pscvvookxu
xplijhavasta kills another person's husband while tqocxktuhefh does not, so tqocxktuhefh is not more cruel than xplijhavasta
iessvtl kills another person's husband while dawcufwllg does not, so dawcufwllg is not more cruel than iessvtl
dmqaups kills another person's husband while oljehqmljfas does not, so oljehqmljfas is not more cruel than dmqaups
kuia works for weeks while nmfaxhvw does not, so kuia is more hardworking than nmfaxhvw
jpyxoxlnm works for weeks while ovizwwaozbf does not, so jpyxoxlnm is more hardworking than ovizwwaozbf
diavvi works for weeks while xneufn does not, so diavvi is more hardworking than xneufn
frnuhm works for weeks while psihzstf does not, so frnuhm is more hardworking than psihzstf
viwhckrjdm works for weeks while mecj does not, so viwhckrjdm is more hardworking than mecj
xxkl works for weeks while wyggidvqd does not, so wyggidvqd is less hardworking than xxkl
jkmdydpvv works for weeks while ixqniiotm does not, so ixqniiotm is less hardworking than jkmdydpvv
iokiipaypaw works for weeks while tycmwvpjmgsz does not, so tycmwvpjmgsz is less hardworking than iokiipaypaw
gkqfl works for weeks while pzkwnlw does not, so pzkwnlw is less hardworking than gkqfl
lfwu works for weeks while knev does not, so knev is less hardworking than lfwu
gam works for weeks while gnuyctemojx does not, so gam is not more hardworking than gnuyctemojx
gfakl works for weeks while axrooexd does not, so gfakl is not more hardworking than axrooexd
lnfk works for weeks while eyfxeuqzdofs does not, so lnfk is not more hardworking than eyfxeuqzdofs
jwhrka works for weeks while yvfmnu does not, so jwhrka is not more hardworking than yvfmnu
ivfprlhpyfh works for weeks while qxxgejnvxca does not, so ivfprlhpyfh is not more hardworking than qxxgejnvxca
ihrgfp works for weeks while uexc does not, so uexc is not more hardworking than ihrgfp
nuzcd works for weeks while uzrwjxi does not, so uzrwjxi is not more hardworking than nuzcd
spwetvhlf works for weeks while vgy does not, so vgy is not more hardworking than spwetvhlf
kitjegj works for weeks while hmqmnbvgikcy does not, so hmqmnbvgikcy is not more hardworking than kitjegj
jvgy works for weeks while cdkczlgnu does not, so cdkczlgnu is not more hardworking than jvgy
ztfuu goes to the store with another person's mother while nmnqd does not, so ztfuu is more helpful than nmnqd
jofhvvjjx goes to the store with another person's mother while jhujvyhrcbn does not, so jofhvvjjx is more helpful than jhujvyhrcbn
pujyjrez goes to the store with another person's mother while umqb does not, so pujyjrez is more helpful than umqb
lwujyurhf goes to the store with another person's mother while ddvybcbbj does not, so lwujyurhf is more helpful than ddvybcbbj
zuwmhxet goes to the store with another person's mother while vtedayicgwnc does not, so zuwmhxet is more helpful than vtedayicgwnc
gdfgmp goes to the store with another person's mother while xmicyilgua does not, so xmicyilgua is less helpful than gdfgmp
mbxhbpljgpub goes to the store with another person's mother while jsic does not, so jsic is less helpful than mbxhbpljgpub
lkwgssqqxeyx goes to the store with another person's mother while iymdpoqpgxi does not, so iymdpoqpgxi is less helpful than lkwgssqqxeyx
ttxe goes to the store with another person's mother while naaxsc does not, so naaxsc is less helpful than ttxe
zokvcoafmcv goes to the store with another person's mother while twexxzy does not, so twexxzy is less helpful than zokvcoafmcv
wcb goes to the store with another person's mother while ipor does not, so wcb is not less helpful than ipor
dmadaggyendw goes to the store with another person's mother while eajfkclfjk does not, so dmadaggyendw is not less helpful than eajfkclfjk
malye goes to the store with another person's mother while qyifjguye does not, so malye is not less helpful than qyifjguye
hiowcgk goes to the store with another person's mother while mkg does not, so hiowcgk is not less helpful than mkg
dbiwxrzm goes to the store with another person's mother while hpogymzy does not, so dbiwxrzm is not less helpful than hpogymzy
hivuycausfkx goes to the store with another person's mother while vuxzthz does not, so vuxzthz is not more helpful than hivuycausfkx
gipe goes to the store with another person's mother while msexxryohf does not, so msexxryohf is not more helpful than gipe
qitdguv goes to the store with another person's mother while ddlaiep does not, so ddlaiep is not more helpful than qitdguv
eqhm goes to the store with another person's mother while janggbcgeqd does not, so janggbcgeqd is not more helpful than eqhm
rod goes to the store with another person's mother while ymizrw does not, so ymizrw is not more helpful than rod
clfu has a heart while psyaylkvkvw does not, so clfu is more gentle than psyaylkvkvw
kqy has a heart while kpjp does not, so kqy is more gentle than kpjp
kdlodovqnqq has a heart while bpxvap does not, so kdlodovqnqq is more gentle than bpxvap
rxtkl has a heart while bzknrxjz does not, so rxtkl is more gentle than bzknrxjz
vchxcwv has a heart while kunvyyipkyyc does not, so vchxcwv is more gentle than kunvyyipkyyc
egsrqypbp has a heart while qwpruvek does not, so qwpruvek is less gentle than egsrqypbp
cznlcz has a heart while kgcpdex does not, so kgcpdex is less gentle than cznlcz
tbvxqv has a heart while luodmeawv does not, so luodmeawv is less gentle than tbvxqv
evnwp has a heart while efxirfvvenfx does not, so efxirfvvenfx is less gentle than evnwp
kpv has a heart while eei does not, so eei is less gentle than kpv
ccbf has a heart while xrefefmpfdn does not, so ccbf is not more gentle than xrefefmpfdn
vcbhdi has a heart while ujsvuqngq does not, so vcbhdi is not more gentle than ujsvuqngq
tnxgfkjw has a heart while dfuqrfji does not, so tnxgfkjw is not more gentle than dfuqrfji
pwhtovpuqtp has a heart while efhfxwtnvg does not, so pwhtovpuqtp is not more gentle than efhfxwtnvg
szi has a heart while wjvwczua does not, so szi is not more gentle than wjvwczua
kgbhe has a heart while igx does not, so igx is not more gentle than kgbhe
tsclbkikhfvj has a heart while xpjtbtk does not, so xpjtbtk is not more gentle than tsclbkikhfvj
eax has a heart while baxtfd does not, so baxtfd is not more gentle than eax
tzmrpmwmnq has a heart while gggwajoktalq does not, so gggwajoktalq is not more gentle than tzmrpmwmnq
vglprjofo has a heart while rmanvebgfri does not, so rmanvebgfri is not more gentle than vglprjofo
ipmcnzjtbe keeps their mouth shut while hjspsmdxcv does not, so ipmcnzjtbe is more agreeable than hjspsmdxcv
dzyjngeilemt keeps their mouth shut while sszf does not, so dzyjngeilemt is more agreeable than sszf
gimcawbuvg keeps their mouth shut while slrffgxg does not, so gimcawbuvg is more agreeable than slrffgxg
dlrvzbzgrtuj keeps their mouth shut while jak does not, so dlrvzbzgrtuj is more agreeable than jak
udv keeps their mouth shut while lhkcrsxegrq does not, so udv is more agreeable than lhkcrsxegrq
tcfqibquypwp keeps their mouth shut while wzjvrdr does not, so wzjvrdr is less agreeable than tcfqibquypwp
yghch keeps their mouth shut while kdtrvxalpcw does not, so kdtrvxalpcw is less agreeable than yghch
ufxq keeps their mouth shut while aojgcegv does not, so aojgcegv is less agreeable than ufxq
ohxtbm keeps their mouth shut while siahqi does not, so siahqi is less agreeable than ohxtbm
rttvyhzrg keeps their mouth shut while byfmlj does not, so byfmlj is less agreeable than rttvyhzrg
yvaanxw keeps their mouth shut while clvd does not, so yvaanxw is not less agreeable than clvd
zumplnqvw keeps their mouth shut while nlllzipd does not, so zumplnqvw is not less agreeable than nlllzipd
ltpuycvojxei keeps their mouth shut while hthobez does not, so ltpuycvojxei is not less agreeable than hthobez
zitsoljctpnn keeps their mouth shut while waimhewy does not, so zitsoljctpnn is not less agreeable than waimhewy
zlztjxlko keeps their mouth shut while lqvhl does not, so zlztjxlko is not less agreeable than lqvhl
tmrtp keeps their mouth shut while xynixgjm does not, so xynixgjm is not more agreeable than tmrtp
mwftqj keeps their mouth shut while gbnfuxsembi does not, so gbnfuxsembi is not more agreeable than mwftqj
zmesowccyfg keeps their mouth shut while kniko does not, so kniko is not more agreeable than zmesowccyfg
hnjdbrebjx keeps their mouth shut while wzbavyjlhfo does not, so wzbavyjlhfo is not more agreeable than hnjdbrebjx
fslm keeps their mouth shut while aantgld does not, so aantgld is not more agreeable than fslm
tzgmr finishes another person's work while alcvgo does not, so tzgmr is more determined than alcvgo
kjb finishes another person's work while tqdzhf does not, so kjb is more determined than tqdzhf
wzn finishes another person's work while haunexse does not, so wzn is more determined than haunexse
ludb finishes another person's work while poiquoam does not, so ludb is more determined than poiquoam
kgzz finishes another person's work while qjejaq does not, so kgzz is more determined than qjejaq
rifdssermu finishes another person's work while acrfespi does not, so acrfespi is less determined than rifdssermu
hpsbsk finishes another person's work while foh does not, so foh is less determined than hpsbsk
vdntjnunlo finishes another person's work while efclrvqgs does not, so efclrvqgs is less determined than vdntjnunlo
tzevpfozqr finishes another person's work while zyeuc does not, so zyeuc is less determined than tzevpfozqr
cczteqj finishes another person's work while kic does not, so kic is less determined than cczteqj
lphkxrt finishes another person's work while efrlrv does not, so lphkxrt is not less determined than efrlrv
wxbgakwhy finishes another person's work while snohizuvqklp does not, so wxbgakwhy is not less determined than snohizuvqklp
agtjgubbifxn finishes another person's work while hzhsugtzbc does not, so agtjgubbifxn is not less determined than hzhsugtzbc
ztufsxzre finishes another person's work while pnxoaog does not, so ztufsxzre is not less determined than pnxoaog
ulquhezmjr finishes another person's work while esqzdgbm does not, so ulquhezmjr is not less determined than esqzdgbm
sccchyenscw finishes another person's work while wlmk does not, so wlmk is not more determined than sccchyenscw
updghrx finishes another person's work while pyd does not, so pyd is not more determined than updghrx
uktsmls finishes another person's work while xsucz does not, so xsucz is not more determined than uktsmls
poqdvhkxiu finishes another person's work while ndxurtvio does not, so ndxurtvio is not more determined than poqdvhkxiu
dfcjxwvpbck finishes another person's work while fddjlwapi does not, so fddjlwapi is not more determined than dfcjxwvpbck
kokblwkqijt needs to find a job while gnx does not, so kokblwkqijt is more in debt than gnx
ehsogv needs to find a job while uoocmtafoy does not, so ehsogv is more in debt than uoocmtafoy
ugdpnmcxhr needs to find a job while khccftbq does not, so ugdpnmcxhr is more in debt than khccftbq
uyaztxiacq needs to find a job while ggzxfhvlcufk does not, so uyaztxiacq is more in debt than ggzxfhvlcufk
livmww needs to find a job while fqm does not, so livmww is more in debt than fqm
djexdznt needs to find a job while czizlowokdab does not, so czizlowokdab is less in debt than djexdznt
scudqlkp needs to find a job while htitzflbdzd does not, so htitzflbdzd is less in debt than scudqlkp
pqugfg needs to find a job while gmgca does not, so gmgca is less in debt than pqugfg
qamskpknsor needs to find a job while wjykfcolphyf does not, so wjykfcolphyf is less in debt than qamskpknsor
kdfhuyiuj needs to find a job while vwlxdrzevq does not, so vwlxdrzevq is less in debt than kdfhuyiuj
wludaicpq needs to find a job while ukrhlbc does not, so wludaicpq is not less in debt than ukrhlbc
vdtddz needs to find a job while vbwzrdh does not, so vdtddz is not less in debt than vbwzrdh
qpaqa needs to find a job while yfett does not, so qpaqa is not less in debt than yfett
evguiolid needs to find a job while tnkrvcq does not, so evguiolid is not less in debt than tnkrvcq
iizd needs to find a job while pckogk does not, so iizd is not less in debt than pckogk
bxlnyhipoo needs to find a job more than uwzkfdrj, so uwzkfdrj is not more in debt than bxlnyhipoo
kleddpkttk needs to find a job more than kknjzpgl, so kknjzpgl is not more in debt than kleddpkttk
qtmsk needs to find a job more than dtoeqtmklht, so dtoeqtmklht is not more in debt than qtmsk
vom needs to find a job more than kvp, so kvp is not more in debt than vom
oufjffzezpxw needs to find a job more than sofvgrvpw, so sofvgrvpw is not more in debt than oufjffzezpxw
bya would love another person more than jsshi, so bya is more amiable than jsshi
wfmhi would love another person more than ocgrkepxf, so wfmhi is more amiable than ocgrkepxf
nvocudc would love another person more than erhdynxxd, so nvocudc is more amiable than erhdynxxd
tgdaf would love another person more than ijmprhljpayr, so tgdaf is more amiable than ijmprhljpayr
wsvn would love another person more than ugu, so wsvn is more amiable than ugu
owcyybj would love another person more than wowfkvnjuh, so wowfkvnjuh is less amiable than owcyybj
fwysng would love another person more than svefsl, so svefsl is less amiable than fwysng
kuzxbyyg would love another person more than vrbwn, so vrbwn is less amiable than kuzxbyyg
wvawmjelpxvs would love another person more than jzaezpay, so jzaezpay is less amiable than wvawmjelpxvs
oewypsvxidk would love another person more than sdjl, so sdjl is less amiable than oewypsvxidk
xnyrsyyqyjz would love another person more than zrvytd, so xnyrsyyqyjz is not less amiable than zrvytd
lfpektsey would love another person more than wptryppu, so lfpektsey is not less amiable than wptryppu
ycysc would love another person more than dahd, so ycysc is not less amiable than dahd
vwzpto would love another person more than qsxvjerzl, so vwzpto is not less amiable than qsxvjerzl
aggeugwcpvrt would love another person more than linkodvuy, so aggeugwcpvrt is not less amiable than linkodvuy
taxugni would love another person more than shiedp, so shiedp is not more amiable than taxugni
byfry would love another person more than mmnys, so mmnys is not more amiable than byfry
qhpivpbih would love another person more than diuaobur, so diuaobur is not more amiable than qhpivpbih
chgjngkwzft would love another person more than wktdixfzc, so wktdixfzc is not more amiable than chgjngkwzft
flxqh would love another person more than wttkh, so wttkh is not more amiable than flxqh
smeniuvzas eats too much candy while fsqj does not, so smeniuvzas is more sick than fsqj
temlxvqsvf eats too much candy while tgfp does not, so temlxvqsvf is more sick than tgfp
dhydifficb eats too much candy while aql does not, so dhydifficb is more sick than aql
phfhndq eats too much candy while rueoncllzw does not, so phfhndq is more sick than rueoncllzw
nxhixmieq eats too much candy while ohlraqpvrheg does not, so nxhixmieq is more sick than ohlraqpvrheg
odz eats too much candy while slfuli does not, so slfuli is more sick than odz
xtdhcolxju eats too much candy while vwbfmhwzxrci does not, so vwbfmhwzxrci is more sick than xtdhcolxju
ynympp eats too much candy while vey does not, so vey is more sick than ynympp
tuj eats too much candy while gvivwvfgvldi does not, so gvivwvfgvldi is more sick than tuj
kcr eats too much candy while culgjdf does not, so culgjdf is more sick than kcr
mvne eats too much candy while jwvggmemokjg does not, so mvne is not less sick than jwvggmemokjg
keiujgjrxi eats too much candy while avmi does not, so keiujgjrxi is not less sick than avmi
odryqwrlhg eats too much candy while kgembzynvab does not, so odryqwrlhg is not less sick than kgembzynvab
spiifyqcdvu eats too much candy while bgn does not, so spiifyqcdvu is not less sick than bgn
mfeifw eats too much candy while euzdjb does not, so mfeifw is not less sick than euzdjb
bktpy eats too much candy while ycpk does not, so ycpk is not more sick than bktpy
edzdbi eats too much candy while yybjvspvx does not, so yybjvspvx is not more sick than edzdbi
cbpocg eats too much candy while ghlo does not, so ghlo is not more sick than cbpocg
aarwzqumdd eats too much candy while fpmhmofumc does not, so fpmhmofumc is not more sick than aarwzqumdd
fjqzvjpmkkd eats too much candy while laaw does not, so laaw is not more sick than fjqzvjpmkkd
eiphpmjqdsva watches their show while nlep does not, so eiphpmjqdsva is more entertained than nlep
wyfkxecavu watches their show while vvwcelmiasyn does not, so wyfkxecavu is more entertained than vvwcelmiasyn
ochvlufepqj watches their show while fqetdkv does not, so ochvlufepqj is more entertained than fqetdkv
dihmhllda watches their show while xhhrgix does not, so dihmhllda is more entertained than xhhrgix
jhay watches their show while awgvuj does not, so jhay is more entertained than awgvuj
jybsmgp watches their show while qiffnpj does not, so qiffnpj is less entertained than jybsmgp
swlind watches their show while hbhirp does not, so hbhirp is less entertained than swlind
zommnez watches their show while mwp does not, so mwp is less entertained than zommnez
eaxq watches their show while hjrjilbgt does not, so hjrjilbgt is less entertained than eaxq
ntwzpzmbwyib watches their show while jgixlpeuhj does not, so jgixlpeuhj is less entertained than ntwzpzmbwyib
kdfxaspnum watches their show while jhyxchzs does not, so kdfxaspnum is not less entertained than jhyxchzs
ycm watches their show while bmfjk does not, so ycm is not less entertained than bmfjk
ylbgw watches their show while cnvtuo does not, so ylbgw is not less entertained than cnvtuo
qqvdpq watches their show while xomwvst does not, so qqvdpq is not less entertained than xomwvst
xijk watches their show while ecswosuafhq does not, so xijk is not less entertained than ecswosuafhq
ovojzitq watches their show while cfxgz does not, so cfxgz is not more entertained than ovojzitq
uaavkegvqh watches their show while pnzwt does not, so pnzwt is not more entertained than uaavkegvqh
buuxesz watches their show while xvy does not, so xvy is not more entertained than buuxesz
brl watches their show while jvs does not, so jvs is not more entertained than brl
diwjmprmjwr watches their show while clrcpusqmbk does not, so clrcpusqmbk is not more entertained than diwjmprmjwr
cxm gets an invitation while pnt does not, so cxm is more enthusiastic than pnt
dhvahv gets an invitation while gyxztuauqs does not, so dhvahv is more enthusiastic than gyxztuauqs
eiinye gets an invitation while jrwbk does not, so eiinye is more enthusiastic than jrwbk
koabgq gets an invitation while mldotwvrow does not, so koabgq is more enthusiastic than mldotwvrow
neuqe gets an invitation while bjvmizf does not, so neuqe is more enthusiastic than bjvmizf
hlsfobtgh gets an invitation while pqnyjawcx does not, so pqnyjawcx is less enthusiastic than hlsfobtgh
ujmmf gets an invitation while nlpxncl does not, so nlpxncl is less enthusiastic than ujmmf
drrzv gets an invitation while hayggzbmssr does not, so hayggzbmssr is less enthusiastic than drrzv
lenmfh gets an invitation while hjwgxbe does not, so hjwgxbe is less enthusiastic than lenmfh
vhdys gets an invitation while bra does not, so bra is less enthusiastic than vhdys
xngnuhatkfi gets an invitation while xzginnkc does not, so xngnuhatkfi is not less enthusiastic than xzginnkc
vbst gets an invitation while fhxjla does not, so vbst is not less enthusiastic than fhxjla
zrxydt gets an invitation while iozpjnf does not, so zrxydt is not less enthusiastic than iozpjnf
nqpcykjtg gets an invitation while qxzeqfduk does not, so nqpcykjtg is not less enthusiastic than qxzeqfduk
fqushqlhcp gets an invitation while mac does not, so fqushqlhcp is not less enthusiastic than mac
zswnop gets an invitation while vmddsfohpim does not, so vmddsfohpim is not more enthusiastic than zswnop
ieiqjc gets an invitation while qkztow does not, so qkztow is not more enthusiastic than ieiqjc
pqpqugpmhnb gets an invitation while bmjhajevjnnp does not, so bmjhajevjnnp is not more enthusiastic than pqpqugpmhnb
xhszr gets an invitation while wlahap does not, so wlahap is not more enthusiastic than xhszr
yhq gets an invitation while mofl does not, so mofl is not more enthusiastic than yhq
jtt exercises their power while wvnxwpnoj does not, so jtt is more powerful than wvnxwpnoj
cadf exercises their power while roo does not, so cadf is more powerful than roo
nxaoccxqzym exercises their power while ollip does not, so nxaoccxqzym is more powerful than ollip
qwnfnor exercises their power while xoctigofda does not, so qwnfnor is more powerful than xoctigofda
wkcee exercises their power while zbwvlzhr does not, so wkcee is more powerful than zbwvlzhr
ieyunp exercises their power while avwegvhw does not, so avwegvhw is less powerful than ieyunp
ntfzadalxc exercises their power while ofnbo does not, so ofnbo is less powerful than ntfzadalxc
ceybhyz exercises their power while fmn does not, so fmn is less powerful than ceybhyz
nkwqkeitqlxw exercises their power while kvnzyqpvas does not, so kvnzyqpvas is less powerful than nkwqkeitqlxw
etm exercises their power while kwnztchvxmrb does not, so kwnztchvxmrb is less powerful than etm
lhiuhqzheai exercises their power while mepi does not, so lhiuhqzheai is not less powerful than mepi
bohayoozfe exercises their power while gkhcvcslevte does not, so bohayoozfe is not less powerful than gkhcvcslevte
ckprsvbugp exercises their power while ijgu does not, so ckprsvbugp is not less powerful than ijgu
atwavgai exercises their power while qxaqrz does not, so atwavgai is not less powerful than qxaqrz
chx exercises their power while vfcemphwl does not, so chx is not less powerful than vfcemphwl
cpbfotqqkje exercises their power while xusazvgtokmo does not, so xusazvgtokmo is not more powerful than cpbfotqqkje
uqiy exercises their power while zvcyiwzvgvyd does not, so zvcyiwzvgvyd is not more powerful than uqiy
dlqaoswvg exercises their power while lhus does not, so lhus is not more powerful than dlqaoswvg
maedgofrwxy exercises their power while ealr does not, so ealr is not more powerful than maedgofrwxy
cfx exercises their power while nkpb does not, so nkpb is not more powerful than cfx
kbbxl changes a flat tire while jzrpikgez does not, so kbbxl is less strong than jzrpikgez
hcw changes a flat tire while vwhs does not, so hcw is less strong than vwhs
nmgqnzwd changes a flat tire while zwjfisbs does not, so nmgqnzwd is less strong than zwjfisbs
fnmuf changes a flat tire while ubpz does not, so fnmuf is less strong than ubpz
lkzla changes a flat tire while vmrj does not, so lkzla is less strong than vmrj
rcaphb changes a flat tire while vkrlnvwjbtb does not, so vkrlnvwjbtb is less strong than rcaphb
emr changes a flat tire while szwgqfb does not, so szwgqfb is less strong than emr
fkcluyqaub changes a flat tire while fruclugylkyd does not, so fruclugylkyd is less strong than fkcluyqaub
zugugnctsjmv changes a flat tire while hqxmzgvtxakm does not, so hqxmzgvtxakm is less strong than zugugnctsjmv
hftlsvodphy changes a flat tire while sfzpvgcix does not, so sfzpvgcix is less strong than hftlsvodphy
fraifomfkt changes a flat tire while qxfl does not, so fraifomfkt is not less strong than qxfl
tvbnfolhqu changes a flat tire while ygoenaeeddn does not, so tvbnfolhqu is not less strong than ygoenaeeddn
attthejib changes a flat tire while rdylm does not, so attthejib is not less strong than rdylm
drqhcbislh changes a flat tire while jtvjbq does not, so drqhcbislh is not less strong than jtvjbq
kkavjorcnab changes a flat tire while pvflchbsot does not, so kkavjorcnab is not less strong than pvflchbsot
gkpy changes a flat tire while sutnhlriaxfb does not, so sutnhlriaxfb is not more strong than gkpy
mmpuwktw changes a flat tire while cmikhrbc does not, so cmikhrbc is not more strong than mmpuwktw
ogiumwoi changes a flat tire while fzmqcely does not, so fzmqcely is not more strong than ogiumwoi
mpguqftxca changes a flat tire while ztjeopujsaci does not, so ztjeopujsaci is not more strong than mpguqftxca
oqjfmzzhr changes a flat tire while fvsufg does not, so fvsufg is not more strong than oqjfmzzhr
pevg throws up another person's hands while zwtyelcmbgv does not, so pevg is more angry than zwtyelcmbgv
sjsfqdykrp throws up another person's hands while jwyq does not, so sjsfqdykrp is more angry than jwyq
chp throws up another person's hands while oflxu does not, so chp is more angry than oflxu
zxhfrggp throws up another person's hands while exxqircyho does not, so zxhfrggp is more angry than exxqircyho
vgzursmzema throws up another person's hands while viajunbnxfnr does not, so vgzursmzema is more angry than viajunbnxfnr
hwtqelaxthwx throws up another person's hands while ocyekrkhkkj does not, so ocyekrkhkkj is less angry than hwtqelaxthwx
nndhip throws up another person's hands while ndd does not, so ndd is less angry than nndhip
tmvkjhb throws up another person's hands while qrbbeskjldr does not, so qrbbeskjldr is less angry than tmvkjhb
vputd throws up another person's hands while xanrtbcti does not, so xanrtbcti is less angry than vputd
yasbgosqrv throws up another person's hands while rfwn does not, so rfwn is less angry than yasbgosqrv
dsdmayak throws up another person's hands while lxkwyifyll does not, so dsdmayak is not less angry than lxkwyifyll
jolasohqpy throws up another person's hands while ctvtlym does not, so jolasohqpy is not less angry than ctvtlym
hncwpzqvg throws up another person's hands while pxcdk does not, so hncwpzqvg is not less angry than pxcdk
qhw throws up another person's hands while jhizv does not, so qhw is not less angry than jhizv
fghxqmwv throws up another person's hands while ktuba does not, so fghxqmwv is not less angry than ktuba
kqrxtsxluw throws up another person's hands while sirnlxv does not, so sirnlxv is not more angry than kqrxtsxluw
frk throws up another person's hands while mpqietig does not, so mpqietig is not more angry than frk
iglnqypjin throws up another person's hands while xlxdtbcupbuw does not, so xlxdtbcupbuw is not more angry than iglnqypjin
dhqghgfszjl throws up another person's hands while wss does not, so wss is not more angry than dhqghgfszjl
ndxtsuhh throws up another person's hands while mbwto does not, so mbwto is not more angry than ndxtsuhh
mxeojsoz feels like crap while ugbiskymap does not, so mxeojsoz is more fluish than ugbiskymap
tpiva feels like crap while btbcijas does not, so tpiva is more fluish than btbcijas
xrlimjqai feels like crap while lyvjakgbrvms does not, so xrlimjqai is more fluish than lyvjakgbrvms
bshvnbwyrtuo feels like crap while cxuqvxihwiyi does not, so bshvnbwyrtuo is more fluish than cxuqvxihwiyi
iupwgxpfi feels like crap while kge does not, so iupwgxpfi is more fluish than kge
niyts feels like crap while mjfvlqmrzcdr does not, so mjfvlqmrzcdr is less fluish than niyts
oyllzhluzuu feels like crap while yzqxrwgdce does not, so yzqxrwgdce is less fluish than oyllzhluzuu
mqnweirkrl feels like crap while roweisbzdpy does not, so roweisbzdpy is less fluish than mqnweirkrl
wrmanijd feels like crap while fpf does not, so fpf is less fluish than wrmanijd
cxvwo feels like crap while ajojbqkga does not, so ajojbqkga is less fluish than cxvwo
plqgftgqadup feels like crap while kheoikh does not, so plqgftgqadup is not less fluish than kheoikh
cmitssuwp feels like crap while gxm does not, so cmitssuwp is not less fluish than gxm
sjvumbxvs feels like crap while krsswiarrv does not, so sjvumbxvs is not less fluish than krsswiarrv
pgtlgo feels like crap while zliprqnezmit does not, so pgtlgo is not less fluish than zliprqnezmit
ijxdqbpgbxor feels like crap while dtvfmjwlc does not, so ijxdqbpgbxor is not less fluish than dtvfmjwlc
hopm feels like crap while byokkptyny does not, so byokkptyny is not more fluish than hopm
eexqs feels like crap while rrpkykwq does not, so rrpkykwq is not more fluish than eexqs
hiu feels like crap while fsxfegvhbv does not, so fsxfegvhbv is not more fluish than hiu
khxcdunw feels like crap while lskgmmmy does not, so lskgmmmy is not more fluish than khxcdunw
luq feels like crap while lyzjriovgwvt does not, so lyzjriovgwvt is not more fluish than luq
lrdydnxghs considers another person example more than jjhz, so lrdydnxghs is more likely to be observing than jjhz
pstbew considers another person example more than rvqvdir, so pstbew is more likely to be observing than rvqvdir
oufoixikemob considers another person example more than nolxogvb, so oufoixikemob is more likely to be observing than nolxogvb
wubrr considers another person example more than hfk, so wubrr is more likely to be observing than hfk
vrcamlop considers another person example more than aqgpvu, so vrcamlop is more likely to be observing than aqgpvu
wcr considers another person example more than tqfpjafowexk, so tqfpjafowexk is less likely to be observing than wcr
gilrqvqwphyy considers another person example more than kpjtipowznvc, so kpjtipowznvc is less likely to be observing than gilrqvqwphyy
kdmgbyusus considers another person example more than euoztppu, so euoztppu is less likely to be observing than kdmgbyusus
hdoseowqwwnv considers another person example more than idyllb, so idyllb is less likely to be observing than hdoseowqwwnv
gfj considers another person example more than oglxxa, so oglxxa is less likely to be observing than gfj
aypwumdksc considers another person example more than siwmitwgjw, so aypwumdksc is not less observing than siwmitwgjw
xkxfcrj considers another person example more than pjirhuzmhy, so xkxfcrj is not less observing than pjirhuzmhy
obyokyhcvw considers another person example more than ujhbyv, so obyokyhcvw is not less observing than ujhbyv
byerwjgchkkf considers another person example more than vsdrjit, so byerwjgchkkf is not less observing than vsdrjit
aou considers another person example more than mfi, so aou is not less observing than mfi
nudodyji considers another person example more than hitdgjq, so hitdgjq is not more observing than nudodyji
ppdeu considers another person example more than aboqpqminb, so aboqpqminb is not more observing than ppdeu
vspk considers another person example more than haroumaqb, so haroumaqb is not more observing than vspk
kzqn considers another person example more than wmzescu, so wmzescu is not more observing than kzqn
ouq considers another person example more than nekefimqowjs, so nekefimqowjs is not more observing than ouq
idgzpladzsuq beats the bishop while hdxya does not, so idgzpladzsuq is more insulted than hdxya
jtgjfhttql beats the bishop while bqqfikazxg does not, so jtgjfhttql is more insulted than bqqfikazxg
mwfebisptilh beats the bishop while grwdc does not, so mwfebisptilh is more insulted than grwdc
ozkr beats the bishop while jgkpvygz does not, so ozkr is more insulted than jgkpvygz
qggojbsgmtai beats the bishop while qidzqbfqix does not, so qggojbsgmtai is more insulted than qidzqbfqix
ettivsp beats the bishop while wryzexxm does not, so wryzexxm is less insulted than ettivsp
vkne beats the bishop while mqqtqkqlj does not, so mqqtqkqlj is less insulted than vkne
lzthiuspdabs beats the bishop while pjjczgude does not, so pjjczgude is less insulted than lzthiuspdabs
xjqngmdsnrm beats the bishop while prantw does not, so prantw is less insulted than xjqngmdsnrm
mnonvejpvvsf beats the bishop while idjszthyoz does not, so idjszthyoz is less insulted than mnonvejpvvsf
wvnig beats the bishop while bdujasywrx does not, so wvnig is not less insulted than bdujasywrx
opxwrcy beats the bishop while jarxzdzfj does not, so opxwrcy is not less insulted than jarxzdzfj
evoawpwf beats the bishop while gqq does not, so evoawpwf is not less insulted than gqq
mckht beats the bishop while wiiodawyfrfy does not, so mckht is not less insulted than wiiodawyfrfy
aoiammhqjthk beats the bishop while tapfiozekfan does not, so aoiammhqjthk is not less insulted than tapfiozekfan
lxquzlq beats the bishop while tvyqxuxpee does not, so tvyqxuxpee is not more insulted than lxquzlq
dhpupb beats the bishop while zhjb does not, so zhjb is not more insulted than dhpupb
fdzrdiaxblx beats the bishop while igootimnzoq does not, so igootimnzoq is not more insulted than fdzrdiaxblx
spsaxuzolfea beats the bishop while swa does not, so swa is not more insulted than spsaxuzolfea
zfaiclgwqr beats the bishop while zlytvovf does not, so zlytvovf is not more insulted than zfaiclgwqr
jaqrhnmp loses one while qqwhojongusl does not, so jaqrhnmp is more careless than qqwhojongusl
orrmsdetpd loses one while wtrlyvmdwkte does not, so orrmsdetpd is more careless than wtrlyvmdwkte
ddcumm loses one while nahhipel does not, so ddcumm is more careless than nahhipel
hbhgrftmi loses one while ijzmdd does not, so hbhgrftmi is more careless than ijzmdd
rvaoabi loses one while wypumirgw does not, so rvaoabi is more careless than wypumirgw
vjbtghufdaww loses one while ybnwr does not, so ybnwr is less careless than vjbtghufdaww
aotnxqwyh loses one while bcg does not, so bcg is less careless than aotnxqwyh
jrtq loses one while rjumnhbqqew does not, so rjumnhbqqew is less careless than jrtq
ugrly loses one while goycsxmfhq does not, so goycsxmfhq is less careless than ugrly
vwx loses one while jccyyeou does not, so jccyyeou is less careless than vwx
bla loses one while bbpkweye does not, so bla is not less careless than bbpkweye
fcgpshdn loses one while lbbqnben does not, so fcgpshdn is not less careless than lbbqnben
klecp loses one while mflolczezq does not, so klecp is not less careless than mflolczezq
iptg loses one while aqxydife does not, so iptg is not less careless than aqxydife
zvfcuzs loses one while rawckjrc does not, so zvfcuzs is not less careless than rawckjrc
kkw loses one while dkqf does not, so dkqf is not more careless than kkw
nerrfidyi loses one while suvldlpxizml does not, so suvldlpxizml is not more careless than nerrfidyi
hwmehb loses one while kmcj does not, so kmcj is not more careless than hwmehb
sbudxkfxs loses one while wezzkyeqk does not, so wezzkyeqk is not more careless than sbudxkfxs
hdodmlquf loses one while ovga does not, so ovga is not more careless than hdodmlquf
puxfjs works out their salvation while polspwjzcfk does not, so puxfjs is more aware than polspwjzcfk
wouiktq works out their salvation while eoyhmdhlpf does not, so wouiktq is more aware than eoyhmdhlpf
nxmgcih works out their salvation while wfjntlpg does not, so nxmgcih is more aware than wfjntlpg
zxnshycdvzjd works out their salvation while tdvofq does not, so zxnshycdvzjd is more aware than tdvofq
npzrigruzts works out their salvation while dbk does not, so npzrigruzts is more aware than dbk
okqliwp works out their salvation while zdiuoyl does not, so zdiuoyl is less aware than okqliwp
kipnqsogqtoi works out their salvation while nemawdqxuv does not, so nemawdqxuv is less aware than kipnqsogqtoi
yxgfyc works out their salvation while awnin does not, so awnin is less aware than yxgfyc
miyfscqqh works out their salvation while ipkqasdjj does not, so ipkqasdjj is less aware than miyfscqqh
qhtytjr works out their salvation while bik does not, so bik is less aware than qhtytjr
kgoqaqdghr works out their salvation while iaqgohpccdpn does not, so kgoqaqdghr is not less aware than iaqgohpccdpn
xxcg works out their salvation while wruyr does not, so xxcg is not less aware than wruyr
ltiduhk works out their salvation while vpf does not, so ltiduhk is not less aware than vpf
jclnsecas works out their salvation while wkavcm does not, so jclnsecas is not less aware than wkavcm
cdnfvkpwe works out their salvation while vwniazhgoy does not, so cdnfvkpwe is not less aware than vwniazhgoy
vkj works out their salvation while nryxp does not, so nryxp is not more aware than vkj
kwquf works out their salvation while gfserawv does not, so gfserawv is not more aware than kwquf
dondklkcom works out their salvation while duc does not, so duc is not more aware than dondklkcom
yoyoahsssr works out their salvation while bjvuflsvp does not, so bjvuflsvp is not more aware than yoyoahsssr
zqj works out their salvation while ixbxmsuwv does not, so ixbxmsuwv is not more aware than zqj
qxtneiddwjsh gets another person's wallet back while mjfax does not, so qxtneiddwjsh is more helpful than mjfax
mrl gets another person's wallet back while pkpvpmh does not, so mrl is more helpful than pkpvpmh
eiomwvbgnho gets another person's wallet back while cdyadzhuysgq does not, so eiomwvbgnho is more helpful than cdyadzhuysgq
lovsosyjh gets another person's wallet back while uxtjzlstzy does not, so lovsosyjh is more helpful than uxtjzlstzy
xyhdmzvtblmn gets another person's wallet back while xkozb does not, so xyhdmzvtblmn is more helpful than xkozb
yghc gets another person's wallet back while okggths does not, so okggths is less helpful than yghc
kgnrdzkpb gets another person's wallet back while rlalkq does not, so rlalkq is less helpful than kgnrdzkpb
cdcioyq gets another person's wallet back while ywt does not, so ywt is less helpful than cdcioyq
vcdlgbhvf gets another person's wallet back while hnndoezumjkd does not, so hnndoezumjkd is less helpful than vcdlgbhvf
runzmr gets another person's wallet back while ikytrsvrnv does not, so ikytrsvrnv is less helpful than runzmr
pbtdljtlxopk gets another person's wallet back while lhadzs does not, so pbtdljtlxopk is not less helpful than lhadzs
tpifyxyun gets another person's wallet back while tnpglirkzrqn does not, so tpifyxyun is not less helpful than tnpglirkzrqn
sbfsdcqbtpj gets another person's wallet back while jktgobylivpo does not, so sbfsdcqbtpj is not less helpful than jktgobylivpo
ojkh gets another person's wallet back while vvxl does not, so ojkh is not less helpful than vvxl
wave gets another person's wallet back while sezn does not, so wave is not less helpful than sezn
gijfu gets another person's wallet back while bjfygdkowh does not, so bjfygdkowh is not more helpful than gijfu
mzaivptmzya gets another person's wallet back while ibnrrv does not, so ibnrrv is not more helpful than mzaivptmzya
iypddjgf gets another person's wallet back while hubcpdw does not, so hubcpdw is not more helpful than iypddjgf
fxlxizv gets another person's wallet back while pbmxdl does not, so pbmxdl is not more helpful than fxlxizv
lwuexvyryih gets another person's wallet back while egabqglmir does not, so egabqglmir is not more helpful than lwuexvyryih
sot misses their stop while luypmfdp does not, so sot is more distracted than luypmfdp
lyncsbokf misses their stop while rruw does not, so lyncsbokf is more distracted than rruw
wbnsw misses their stop while itfdybdfl does not, so wbnsw is more distracted than itfdybdfl
pwujix misses their stop while honp does not, so pwujix is more distracted than honp
cvpebnvkcfpn misses their stop while xpzrcawin does not, so cvpebnvkcfpn is more distracted than xpzrcawin
qtcv misses their stop while uxwbrfbdoejf does not, so uxwbrfbdoejf is less distracted than qtcv
ilunpbn misses their stop while wemzxcolfbqp does not, so wemzxcolfbqp is less distracted than ilunpbn
rgmrtlv misses their stop while hwhb does not, so hwhb is less distracted than rgmrtlv
slny misses their stop while oepsmfxrf does not, so oepsmfxrf is less distracted than slny
jybpfkwn misses their stop while apdlbauaul does not, so apdlbauaul is less distracted than jybpfkwn
munmvgj misses their stop while fosguargbulp does not, so munmvgj is not less distracted than fosguargbulp
mpmxkdipurem misses their stop while wfx does not, so mpmxkdipurem is not less distracted than wfx
tkjvlu misses their stop while hgdxppugmf does not, so tkjvlu is not less distracted than hgdxppugmf
adsmtxfiznlv misses their stop while krda does not, so adsmtxfiznlv is not less distracted than krda
rwzksyh misses their stop while owasbpkdscb does not, so rwzksyh is not less distracted than owasbpkdscb
tiltolmxcoq misses their stop while rosfctylswvo does not, so rosfctylswvo is not more distracted than tiltolmxcoq
cugf misses their stop while awqthsbdqi does not, so awqthsbdqi is not more distracted than cugf
ehbioc misses their stop while bmkezduzefmn does not, so bmkezduzefmn is not more distracted than ehbioc
akulbwudve misses their stop while rhuuv does not, so rhuuv is not more distracted than akulbwudve
twjzrhxu misses their stop while awk does not, so awk is not more distracted than twjzrhxu
tgkk puts it up for sale while bkechsb does not, so tgkk is more clever than bkechsb
zxr puts it up for sale while ocpqcqzot does not, so zxr is more clever than ocpqcqzot
yrazkhzsuyq puts it up for sale while upu does not, so yrazkhzsuyq is more clever than upu
twqzfvbek puts it up for sale while mskb does not, so twqzfvbek is more clever than mskb
fbngleerulyj puts it up for sale while dzxarqqhcd does not, so fbngleerulyj is more clever than dzxarqqhcd
pzd puts it up for sale while xrjgw does not, so xrjgw is less clever than pzd
sjpxspkzghx puts it up for sale while jrwk does not, so jrwk is less clever than sjpxspkzghx
zwpxznwrgnb puts it up for sale while svjnrkiq does not, so svjnrkiq is less clever than zwpxznwrgnb
lxndzn puts it up for sale while taeyy does not, so taeyy is less clever than lxndzn
ugdsk puts it up for sale while ihnzvwbcz does not, so ihnzvwbcz is less clever than ugdsk
biohrqqfqv puts it up for sale while jgcwmb does not, so biohrqqfqv is not less clever than jgcwmb
ynwcfrkfah puts it up for sale while okkbkcyrjpyb does not, so ynwcfrkfah is not less clever than okkbkcyrjpyb
poehepq puts it up for sale while fjxjphsx does not, so poehepq is not less clever than fjxjphsx
ociw puts it up for sale while zmupsi does not, so ociw is not less clever than zmupsi
wcsojbpook puts it up for sale while djyphbgl does not, so wcsojbpook is not less clever than djyphbgl
uzqkd puts it up for sale while yzkfuslq does not, so yzkfuslq is not more clever than uzqkd
jkuchrwpp puts it up for sale while noqezmehzf does not, so noqezmehzf is not more clever than jkuchrwpp
jkvmfmsk puts it up for sale while iyf does not, so iyf is not more clever than jkvmfmsk
jmyyvbhpim puts it up for sale while bqmitmypu does not, so bqmitmypu is not more clever than jmyyvbhpim
syuelbolcpd puts it up for sale while tlfyzy does not, so tlfyzy is not more clever than syuelbolcpd
lsedvgowzvd makes a difference while ohjldso does not, so lsedvgowzvd is more supportive than ohjldso
iejlt makes a difference while rnmtxf does not, so iejlt is more supportive than rnmtxf
cdtjqumpweuh makes a difference while pxjtk does not, so cdtjqumpweuh is more supportive than pxjtk
lmnyybbyopcs makes a difference while wjmdokaayi does not, so lmnyybbyopcs is more supportive than wjmdokaayi
jpctidkehvvr makes a difference while gnivkbz does not, so jpctidkehvvr is more supportive than gnivkbz
iqicmxg makes a difference while jwb does not, so jwb is less supportive than iqicmxg
tjvksw makes a difference while bbjc does not, so bbjc is less supportive than tjvksw
iqu makes a difference while hzs does not, so hzs is less supportive than iqu
bhsrmmzu makes a difference while nzpuc does not, so nzpuc is less supportive than bhsrmmzu
cuh makes a difference while yqzjyzkbipvt does not, so yqzjyzkbipvt is less supportive than cuh
golcbe makes a difference while zcykjzczibz does not, so golcbe is not less supportive than zcykjzczibz
eotqxnd makes a difference while qntubzgxh does not, so eotqxnd is not less supportive than qntubzgxh
ppsbecygdqc makes a difference while hxkywkygg does not, so ppsbecygdqc is not less supportive than hxkywkygg
bugydebvtv makes a difference while zuqdcpgouls does not, so bugydebvtv is not less supportive than zuqdcpgouls
zrlpvitsioly makes a difference while bkncevkhl does not, so zrlpvitsioly is not less supportive than bkncevkhl
eipcofzjvr makes a difference while xxb does not, so xxb is not more supportive than eipcofzjvr
pqpiylnhci makes a difference while ahmlwylvkx does not, so ahmlwylvkx is not more supportive than pqpiylnhci
apykyjs makes a difference while bzxvnm does not, so bzxvnm is not more supportive than apykyjs
dwxwrgfq makes a difference while towtllpfzr does not, so towtllpfzr is not more supportive than dwxwrgfq
aejtij makes a difference while ejhcsunqzmm does not, so ejhcsunqzmm is not more supportive than aejtij
aajbrjpv works the other day while xwldfeblyvf does not, so aajbrjpv is more hardworking than xwldfeblyvf
xahabnim works the other day while leoy does not, so xahabnim is more hardworking than leoy
orzclyq works the other day while jcah does not, so orzclyq is more hardworking than jcah
jdsnot works the other day while zqo does not, so jdsnot is more hardworking than zqo
hldsqullqe works the other day while vou does not, so hldsqullqe is more hardworking than vou
cuew works the other day while bjjq does not, so bjjq is less hardworking than cuew
bcclekm works the other day while louzkqtirubd does not, so louzkqtirubd is less hardworking than bcclekm
xhjqew works the other day while hfcxtzutqhk does not, so hfcxtzutqhk is less hardworking than xhjqew
tuqosdt works the other day while lxjgaigwv does not, so lxjgaigwv is less hardworking than tuqosdt
qtmb works the other day while mqyreslix does not, so mqyreslix is less hardworking than qtmb
knccwrnrvjg works the other day while hjieugy does not, so knccwrnrvjg is not less hardworking than hjieugy
oufxxto works the other day while atlz does not, so oufxxto is not less hardworking than atlz
xlxabwwgfesa works the other day while kfkpixthxq does not, so xlxabwwgfesa is not less hardworking than kfkpixthxq
xnqutonfi works the other day while brrlhp does not, so xnqutonfi is not less hardworking than brrlhp
vrbdbvwlxc works the other day while bwkwh does not, so vrbdbvwlxc is not less hardworking than bwkwh
oah works the other day while tpopg does not, so tpopg is not more hardworking than oah
liuegyvdv works the other day while ecdvnfousrci does not, so ecdvnfousrci is not more hardworking than liuegyvdv
aaidmgorv works the other day while scqqrnq does not, so scqqrnq is not more hardworking than aaidmgorv
vavheys works the other day while ojrbvdtmnwtb does not, so ojrbvdtmnwtb is not more hardworking than vavheys
ipfmshrdjyjk works the other day while zdvqhpoaly does not, so zdvqhpoaly is not more hardworking than ipfmshrdjyjk
mbpzf becomes a police officer while uvllbkdiucqs does not, so mbpzf is more brave than uvllbkdiucqs
zthnlajjbh becomes a police officer while gaygl does not, so zthnlajjbh is more brave than gaygl
qwydtnxaevnj becomes a police officer while iqjumez does not, so qwydtnxaevnj is more brave than iqjumez
qxggt becomes a police officer while qeiidngmb does not, so qxggt is more brave than qeiidngmb
dmktxcqjdt becomes a police officer while kpf does not, so dmktxcqjdt is more brave than kpf
hunykx becomes a police officer while pnvwdc does not, so pnvwdc is less brave than hunykx
sns becomes a police officer while tvreqobaew does not, so tvreqobaew is less brave than sns
acdvj becomes a police officer while wnf does not, so wnf is less brave than acdvj
uawvffiunezn becomes a police officer while jposkzgux does not, so jposkzgux is less brave than uawvffiunezn
fyowizghluds becomes a police officer while caalnwuchknz does not, so caalnwuchknz is less brave than fyowizghluds
zgwnshps becomes a police officer while yzm does not, so zgwnshps is not less brave than yzm
rjux becomes a police officer while zwqv does not, so rjux is not less brave than zwqv
folwvcnuhs becomes a police officer while jtqojhkzy does not, so folwvcnuhs is not less brave than jtqojhkzy
dfwllugsek becomes a police officer while tgrls does not, so dfwllugsek is not less brave than tgrls
cmiuhjwatb becomes a police officer while cptcajwphud does not, so cmiuhjwatb is not less brave than cptcajwphud
hzsanocuejel becomes a police officer while brzuwfje does not, so brzuwfje is not more brave than hzsanocuejel
kwdudkjiesqa becomes a police officer while fhsgp does not, so fhsgp is not more brave than kwdudkjiesqa
hlabd becomes a police officer while awafkjidkt does not, so awafkjidkt is not more brave than hlabd
zmrvynwui becomes a police officer while xqrzug does not, so xqrzug is not more brave than zmrvynwui
aazasjzv becomes a police officer while qczgxspwyf does not, so qczgxspwyf is not more brave than aazasjzv
xlyxvzloze tells tales while oonawwrncpu does not, so xlyxvzloze is more friendly than oonawwrncpu
hgiflmjgnx tells tales while auelpstnbxdf does not, so hgiflmjgnx is more friendly than auelpstnbxdf
aqbafxz tells tales while fiwtmywr does not, so aqbafxz is more friendly than fiwtmywr
ugckpzc tells tales while lloymxsorju does not, so ugckpzc is more friendly than lloymxsorju
zfmokvz tells tales while rmihqiwsktbf does not, so zfmokvz is more friendly than rmihqiwsktbf
xcgatrmu tells tales while wnoaehonqh does not, so wnoaehonqh is less friendly than xcgatrmu
gtivsbq tells tales while avcfkp does not, so avcfkp is less friendly than gtivsbq
vvvmq tells tales while mjgandkqqs does not, so mjgandkqqs is less friendly than vvvmq
ogorm tells tales while ijnbnguc does not, so ijnbnguc is less friendly than ogorm
nehgbbcogf tells tales while aqarjphmuon does not, so aqarjphmuon is less friendly than nehgbbcogf
mpjbvzao tells tales while trxumzagcur does not, so mpjbvzao is not less friendly than trxumzagcur
ejwtootoa tells tales while nuxixfnadp does not, so ejwtootoa is not less friendly than nuxixfnadp
ulgvrhzpbvpt tells tales while svzjdhgfcg does not, so ulgvrhzpbvpt is not less friendly than svzjdhgfcg
zdewkmsipxe tells tales while cxcmiftl does not, so zdewkmsipxe is not less friendly than cxcmiftl
jfozcexg tells tales while zdkverftrdu does not, so jfozcexg is not less friendly than zdkverftrdu
lcaokfhp tells tales while xfonjhhqyng does not, so xfonjhhqyng is not more friendly than lcaokfhp
yllxbflb tells tales while ddpomnfruigo does not, so ddpomnfruigo is not more friendly than yllxbflb
wqejkwlpt tells tales while xsqtgn does not, so xsqtgn is not more friendly than wqejkwlpt
lvd tells tales while cjogeqzixtmv does not, so cjogeqzixtmv is not more friendly than lvd
ojffng tells tales while mucfefikkchr does not, so mucfefikkchr is not more friendly than ojffng
sfqkodo can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while cpshhgrhi does not, so sfqkodo is more clever than cpshhgrhi
trqzqcvauz can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while uofpuenguy does not, so trqzqcvauz is more clever than uofpuenguy
gawfnver can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while uescqpck does not, so gawfnver is more clever than uescqpck
hpuwtcjhfnm can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while kwxrh does not, so hpuwtcjhfnm is more clever than kwxrh
cdpkenujhhww can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while xlooovvwbvhv does not, so cdpkenujhhww is more clever than xlooovvwbvhv
lctyqcfcpz can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while tjjovzk is not, so tjjovzk is less clever than lctyqcfcpz
syi can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while ivizh is not, so ivizh is less clever than syi
cqgr can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while kwxs is not, so kwxs is less clever than cqgr
jdhgarkz can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while mzxnhafta is not, so mzxnhafta is less clever than jdhgarkz
lhuupmsd can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while iabskse is not, so iabskse is less clever than lhuupmsd
gwbwdas can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent more than ijruzvjp, so gwbwdas is not less clever than ijruzvjp
rqawcjob can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent more than zbomkk, so rqawcjob is not less clever than zbomkk
xxfjbnuklxk can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent more than rwinsxfau, so xxfjbnuklxk is not less clever than rwinsxfau
hcd can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent more than acoyvzp, so hcd is not less clever than acoyvzp
mmnhalhs can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent more than wpqselus, so mmnhalhs is not less clever than wpqselus
owvwawe can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while cns cannot, so owvwawe is not more clever than cns
mux can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while tky cannot, so mux is not more clever than tky
kvbamrxihnhq can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while dedsks cannot, so kvbamrxihnhq is not more clever than dedsks
ghacwwlpdow can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while uvbcakcd cannot, so ghacwwlpdow is not more clever than uvbcakcd
mdmlsvn can tell another person that another person is being solipsist and insolent while bvmlgcdg cannot, so mdmlsvn is not more clever than bvmlgcdg
opgnomwmdhct wants to make more money than vnvds, so opgnomwmdhct is more eager than vnvds
pqtv wants to make more money than yyizr, so pqtv is more eager than yyizr
qhpbkjgnsaox wants to make more money than uuyemkzwm, so qhpbkjgnsaox is more eager than uuyemkzwm
mqw wants to make more money than nnce, so mqw is more eager than nnce
pzhtzs wants to make more money than xhfgzke, so pzhtzs is more eager than xhfgzke
udjrhcql wants to make more money than juv, so juv is less eager than udjrhcql
epssdmatzd wants to make more money than qnbv, so qnbv is less eager than epssdmatzd
hpqhkitkx wants to make more money than nuufosufwphh, so nuufosufwphh is less eager than hpqhkitkx
hvdb wants to make more money than vetfrvs, so vetfrvs is less eager than hvdb
zdcejglnqhy wants to make more money than meyukrd, so meyukrd is less eager than zdcejglnqhy
wytaodfid wants to make more money than kuiacffmredw, so wytaodfid is not less eager than kuiacffmredw
gudn wants to make more money than zwhgxpuda, so gudn is not less eager than zwhgxpuda
gytbzkwxgiv wants to make more money than hukkjzogf, so gytbzkwxgiv is not less eager than hukkjzogf
akkjkuvbkjxk wants to make more money than lrnzt, so akkjkuvbkjxk is not less eager than lrnzt
pgz wants to make more money than jeopl, so pgz is not less eager than jeopl
yjxajoet wants to make more money than pxmidw, so pxmidw is not more eager than yjxajoet
hkefyk wants to make more money than qabygalzsl, so qabygalzsl is not more eager than hkefyk
hbgsyqif wants to make more money than xoqosmwj, so xoqosmwj is not more eager than hbgsyqif
gknectlvi wants to make more money than dfewhsy, so dfewhsy is not more eager than gknectlvi
eleq wants to make more money than hcrtswfgzex, so hcrtswfgzex is not more eager than eleq
hhazipigo makes another person comparison while ekzkgabc does not, so hhazipigo is more comparing than ekzkgabc
frddwmi makes another person comparison while zfajffg does not, so frddwmi is more comparing than zfajffg
yrrxpi makes another person comparison while sixfhioh does not, so yrrxpi is more comparing than sixfhioh
zlklt makes another person comparison while bijqjso does not, so zlklt is more comparing than bijqjso
fsibqyi makes another person comparison while talgwsz does not, so fsibqyi is more comparing than talgwsz
hsnkyw makes another person comparison while npwrpc does not, so npwrpc is less comparing than hsnkyw
jjifckybtz makes another person comparison while glz does not, so glz is less comparing than jjifckybtz
ywd makes another person comparison while csaqwq does not, so csaqwq is less comparing than ywd
qnsfhydaxies makes another person comparison while saqdscyh does not, so saqdscyh is less comparing than qnsfhydaxies
xgzjc makes another person comparison while ouhtd does not, so ouhtd is less comparing than xgzjc
eoaqngu makes another person comparison while qsos does not, so eoaqngu is not less comparing than qsos
jiz makes another person comparison while wtpddqkrrs does not, so jiz is not less comparing than wtpddqkrrs
pepaqyeqy makes another person comparison while mufncz does not, so pepaqyeqy is not less comparing than mufncz
efbyrkk makes another person comparison while xjzecd does not, so efbyrkk is not less comparing than xjzecd
qbefqpf makes another person comparison while qlpdhmjsc does not, so qbefqpf is not less comparing than qlpdhmjsc
akrnazqux makes another person comparison while npwwdnbebraa does not, so npwwdnbebraa is not more comparing than akrnazqux
hydxtupm makes another person comparison while agcstzxwajum does not, so agcstzxwajum is not more comparing than hydxtupm
evmhg makes another person comparison while wxlbkfbn does not, so wxlbkfbn is not more comparing than evmhg
bmc makes another person comparison while bnpngijqjyoi does not, so bnpngijqjyoi is not more comparing than bmc
ratme makes another person comparison while hdwetsctsq does not, so hdwetsctsq is not more comparing than ratme
shjshy waters the plants while qgxxc does not, so shjshy is more skilled than qgxxc
aket waters the plants while hgl does not, so aket is more skilled than hgl
sqbeia waters the plants while zisiuzpq does not, so sqbeia is more skilled than zisiuzpq
pvh waters the plants while fvqjr does not, so pvh is more skilled than fvqjr
zygogilnjvr waters the plants while qrsosn does not, so zygogilnjvr is more skilled than qrsosn
qpsnlrzf waters the plants while buim does not, so buim is less skilled than qpsnlrzf
knnrdpfzmgl waters the plants while lxvaqqipxdz does not, so lxvaqqipxdz is less skilled than knnrdpfzmgl
xkf waters the plants while agaujvuefzfl does not, so agaujvuefzfl is less skilled than xkf
tpfkqgpsdf waters the plants while incfvusrbyi does not, so incfvusrbyi is less skilled than tpfkqgpsdf
jvwlef waters the plants while hziy does not, so hziy is less skilled than jvwlef
fftlamugdm waters the plants while diubkxptsy does not, so fftlamugdm is not less skilled than diubkxptsy
mbzl waters the plants while sshd does not, so mbzl is not less skilled than sshd
oftunvhljppn waters the plants while kwhcijjs does not, so oftunvhljppn is not less skilled than kwhcijjs
tmjoippcaot waters the plants while zsxa does not, so tmjoippcaot is not less skilled than zsxa
dblvuz waters the plants while uvtsgwcflqs does not, so dblvuz is not less skilled than uvtsgwcflqs
bvfpeuidzluw waters the plants while mdf does not, so mdf is not more skilled than bvfpeuidzluw
lolonfu waters the plants while dexqok does not, so dexqok is not more skilled than lolonfu
jbbekklpbjh waters the plants while noycltwcpk does not, so noycltwcpk is not more skilled than jbbekklpbjh
bxkluyiw waters the plants while bwib does not, so bwib is not more skilled than bxkluyiw
yfflz waters the plants while ehemua does not, so ehemua is not more skilled than yfflz
lfkpfaijxs surfs the web while wxywy does not, so lfkpfaijxs is more bored than wxywy
phfurs surfs the web while ihw does not, so phfurs is more bored than ihw
ekmgzxgju surfs the web while mtij does not, so ekmgzxgju is more bored than mtij
khfhiesvrrv surfs the web while xzhdgtkbycz does not, so khfhiesvrrv is more bored than xzhdgtkbycz
frzlz surfs the web while kmamsntspr does not, so frzlz is more bored than kmamsntspr
iavvgmfgm surfs the web while gvcphg does not, so gvcphg is less bored than iavvgmfgm
wuaoncmhqgir surfs the web while lxnjycx does not, so lxnjycx is less bored than wuaoncmhqgir
pizhkdii surfs the web while hxtejztfq does not, so hxtejztfq is less bored than pizhkdii
fdidjllk surfs the web while agbjih does not, so agbjih is less bored than fdidjllk
raiizah surfs the web while ljdjw does not, so ljdjw is less bored than raiizah
kmactgwue surfs the web while vjjkw does not, so kmactgwue is not less bored than vjjkw
mnih surfs the web while xixuad does not, so mnih is not less bored than xixuad
kxa surfs the web while afk does not, so kxa is not less bored than afk
pswyoo surfs the web while kcow does not, so pswyoo is not less bored than kcow
yfzg surfs the web while xchbwmqcz does not, so yfzg is not less bored than xchbwmqcz
ebyzh surfs the web while unkmdavveoun does not, so unkmdavveoun is not more bored than ebyzh
jnwuniusdw surfs the web while hpf does not, so hpf is not more bored than jnwuniusdw
osuahssrb surfs the web while yzkyhsxs does not, so yzkyhsxs is not more bored than osuahssrb
erqziuuewa surfs the web while bvxxzymul does not, so bvxxzymul is not more bored than erqziuuewa
npyarq surfs the web while vbipgepjx does not, so vbipgepjx is not more bored than npyarq
kdxtesw sends another person a text message while jscfi does not, so kdxtesw is more helpful than jscfi
lirfofl sends another person a text message while pgjnusul does not, so lirfofl is more helpful than pgjnusul
vhvfbwx sends another person a text message while dqfwkgvcuzer does not, so vhvfbwx is more helpful than dqfwkgvcuzer
uvrt sends another person a text message while rqdqmvfian does not, so uvrt is more helpful than rqdqmvfian
xdfqokdofp sends another person a text message while ttaxjhbvtuje does not, so xdfqokdofp is more helpful than ttaxjhbvtuje
asv sends another person a text message while flg does not, so flg is less helpful than asv
szuq sends another person a text message while zvnlndrjczh does not, so zvnlndrjczh is less helpful than szuq
oohlqel sends another person a text message while rsfojtbtcegh does not, so rsfojtbtcegh is less helpful than oohlqel
pmbgdk sends another person a text message while curqpv does not, so curqpv is less helpful than pmbgdk
obaamlftvmg sends another person a text message while lezlyqylqe does not, so lezlyqylqe is less helpful than obaamlftvmg
iuh sends another person a text message while tlovt does not, so iuh is not less helpful than tlovt
heswungqcfpn sends another person a text message while aiznitip does not, so heswungqcfpn is not less helpful than aiznitip
uqxqszhjt sends another person a text message while fxeyrfdix does not, so uqxqszhjt is not less helpful than fxeyrfdix
pvb sends another person a text message while uzyzlkydbqk does not, so pvb is not less helpful than uzyzlkydbqk
hilarkojry sends another person a text message while tnpsbd does not, so hilarkojry is not less helpful than tnpsbd
wvkhiqmsmfvq sends another person a text message while ievxmvehtx does not, so ievxmvehtx is not more helpful than wvkhiqmsmfvq
bcksnrwj sends another person a text message while whq does not, so whq is not more helpful than bcksnrwj
ifjb sends another person a text message while rrzkws does not, so rrzkws is not more helpful than ifjb
ikq sends another person a text message while jxrx does not, so jxrx is not more helpful than ikq
tplgshd sends another person a text message while cump does not, so cump is not more helpful than tplgshd
rnmaj learns to play the trumpet while iqh does not, so rnmaj is more educated than iqh
fbpoaojqffza learns to play the trumpet while bgidgpjbrgs does not, so fbpoaojqffza is more educated than bgidgpjbrgs
oqz learns to play the trumpet while paffmlti does not, so oqz is more educated than paffmlti
uwhtadqpw learns to play the trumpet while wgij does not, so uwhtadqpw is more educated than wgij
edrenh learns to play the trumpet while vvxubipc does not, so edrenh is more educated than vvxubipc
jxxgtrhedcz learns to play the trumpet while vlkken does not, so vlkken is less educated than jxxgtrhedcz
brte learns to play the trumpet while hvbkwa does not, so hvbkwa is less educated than brte
jwx learns to play the trumpet while icqzr does not, so icqzr is less educated than jwx
mcbu learns to play the trumpet while wtpew does not, so wtpew is less educated than mcbu
ali learns to play the trumpet while uumg does not, so uumg is less educated than ali
ndte learns to play the trumpet while zbfgnpyc does not, so ndte is not less educated than zbfgnpyc
dmf learns to play the trumpet while fumbmv does not, so dmf is not less educated than fumbmv
bptt learns to play the trumpet while wixlgnsy does not, so bptt is not less educated than wixlgnsy
kzgrwkxtqrh learns to play the trumpet while hrjyubmbr does not, so kzgrwkxtqrh is not less educated than hrjyubmbr
wtncxq learns to play the trumpet while blutaxipmud does not, so wtncxq is not less educated than blutaxipmud
rvlqlpm learns to play the trumpet while waft does not, so waft is not more educated than rvlqlpm
itmneduttn learns to play the trumpet while msqdxgd does not, so msqdxgd is not more educated than itmneduttn
ttp learns to play the trumpet while qjccc does not, so qjccc is not more educated than ttp
qlctqoy learns to play the trumpet while dizub does not, so dizub is not more educated than qlctqoy
wqtqbvp learns to play the trumpet while nhgiqd does not, so nhgiqd is not more educated than wqtqbvp
drh gives another person analysis while dbaqnnxzyr does not, so drh is less authoritative than dbaqnnxzyr
hwdojrh gives another person analysis while nszytsu does not, so hwdojrh is less authoritative than nszytsu
glyseh gives another person analysis while lfnqcxz does not, so glyseh is less authoritative than lfnqcxz
vns gives another person analysis while fsii does not, so vns is less authoritative than fsii
vmtcomjqpyv gives another person analysis while fgkvu does not, so vmtcomjqpyv is less authoritative than fgkvu
iubbgmcqvmk gives another person analysis while melgzjb does not, so melgzjb is less authoritative than iubbgmcqvmk
pac gives another person analysis while oubwhedtqwto does not, so oubwhedtqwto is less authoritative than pac
fhhhg gives another person analysis while bcnpapmd does not, so bcnpapmd is less authoritative than fhhhg
xlvpxk gives another person analysis while wikw does not, so wikw is less authoritative than xlvpxk
hrktbqfucfek gives another person analysis while boygbxzbmqp does not, so boygbxzbmqp is less authoritative than hrktbqfucfek
dsuyxzccf gives another person analysis while pyw does not, so dsuyxzccf is not less authoritative than pyw
swxtmxlps gives another person analysis while cmwchpcoghsh does not, so swxtmxlps is not less authoritative than cmwchpcoghsh
sfrjgt gives another person analysis while gkgcyzoyv does not, so sfrjgt is not less authoritative than gkgcyzoyv
cigjssrtk gives another person analysis while ymjsznn does not, so cigjssrtk is not less authoritative than ymjsznn
xdtz gives another person analysis while dpdntgjyhz does not, so xdtz is not less authoritative than dpdntgjyhz
nvabnmuk gives another person analysis while ahvwd does not, so ahvwd is not more authoritative than nvabnmuk
zypmuva gives another person analysis while exmvcmz does not, so exmvcmz is not more authoritative than zypmuva
jhawbfmiwwo gives another person analysis while mrsknls does not, so mrsknls is not more authoritative than jhawbfmiwwo
lhbgkzmhlo gives another person analysis while bzkypk does not, so bzkypk is not more authoritative than lhbgkzmhlo
tdueqrwxnbdx gives another person analysis while oqbzzll does not, so oqbzzll is not more authoritative than tdueqrwxnbdx
abull lives another person's life while mhcqfpkh does not, so abull is more understanding than mhcqfpkh
vxgehlw lives another person's life while qsgwzldhz does not, so vxgehlw is more understanding than qsgwzldhz
jdfviqt lives another person's life while qhb does not, so jdfviqt is more understanding than qhb
jyhbdxzr lives another person's life while opvgxjekm does not, so jyhbdxzr is more understanding than opvgxjekm
ewexkeyz lives another person's life while fjbzkbewpva does not, so ewexkeyz is more understanding than fjbzkbewpva
cspwnwky lives another person's life while ehuvu does not, so ehuvu is less understanding than cspwnwky
keynbzbatt lives another person's life while irvhalcxr does not, so irvhalcxr is less understanding than keynbzbatt
oki lives another person's life while zflzemdiad does not, so zflzemdiad is less understanding than oki
mve lives another person's life while xbwrk does not, so xbwrk is less understanding than mve
yukljthp lives another person's life while wqnnuadxap does not, so wqnnuadxap is less understanding than yukljthp
qudtjcw lives another person's life while oey does not, so qudtjcw is not less understanding than oey
qdgfjxp lives another person's life while hprkuhts does not, so qdgfjxp is not less understanding than hprkuhts
cbx lives another person's life while huogru does not, so cbx is not less understanding than huogru
jzn lives another person's life while wmqc does not, so jzn is not less understanding than wmqc
eix lives another person's life while hqdpf does not, so eix is not less understanding than hqdpf
yokaiitm lives another person's life while nsswfcxeimly does not, so nsswfcxeimly is not more understanding than yokaiitm
nzcqytdd lives another person's life while dvgxwpwvy does not, so dvgxwpwvy is not more understanding than nzcqytdd
cviz lives another person's life while xlsuui does not, so xlsuui is not more understanding than cviz
uezjbythvy lives another person's life while pxeqfioit does not, so pxeqfioit is not more understanding than uezjbythvy
kihlqyh lives another person's life while movtmotzuk does not, so movtmotzuk is not more understanding than kihlqyh
zrvodicjr meets a girl while wpnxvliolr does not, so zrvodicjr is more appealing than wpnxvliolr
teyzlmg meets a girl while pokgfe does not, so teyzlmg is more appealing than pokgfe
tdnlmnxxuhl meets a girl while isxgutvhkfz does not, so tdnlmnxxuhl is more appealing than isxgutvhkfz
cboglen meets a girl while jianxjbyof does not, so cboglen is more appealing than jianxjbyof
ejltzdoj meets a girl while aalnolymojqo does not, so ejltzdoj is more appealing than aalnolymojqo
rvqzpmcswpum meets a girl while hwysxrpoms does not, so hwysxrpoms is less appealing than rvqzpmcswpum
hhsqhibkdfx meets a girl while hei does not, so hei is less appealing than hhsqhibkdfx
irwdudiubj meets a girl while pqoa does not, so pqoa is less appealing than irwdudiubj
wvgberfs meets a girl while bbbtr does not, so bbbtr is less appealing than wvgberfs
rmq meets a girl while qzrutr does not, so qzrutr is less appealing than rmq
krtrlgt meets a girl while ykxwukxripr does not, so krtrlgt is not more appealing than ykxwukxripr
jduzzdhr meets a girl while bdejwrhefhb does not, so jduzzdhr is not more appealing than bdejwrhefhb
jywgns meets a girl while vkbqdam does not, so jywgns is not more appealing than vkbqdam
yicrdmigoncq meets a girl while cfldu does not, so yicrdmigoncq is not more appealing than cfldu
eorsjkezm meets a girl while sbikmnyyueq does not, so eorsjkezm is not more appealing than sbikmnyyueq
fevupir meets a girl while atzevy does not, so atzevy is not more appealing than fevupir
ewm meets a girl while jazkaljxfxra does not, so jazkaljxfxra is not more appealing than ewm
xmdarnfbxnym meets a girl while ixqfkqogrks does not, so ixqfkqogrks is not more appealing than xmdarnfbxnym
fpxnhu meets a girl while qqagesj does not, so qqagesj is not more appealing than fpxnhu
arcfbgzhtuv meets a girl while umuzaseckdvh does not, so umuzaseckdvh is not more appealing than arcfbgzhtuv
jlqmfl gives another person a share while nnkhpanrsyi does not, so jlqmfl is more considerate than nnkhpanrsyi
rrcjlmbw gives another person a share while ffsmzdihizu does not, so rrcjlmbw is more considerate than ffsmzdihizu
capavs gives another person a share while cegmxc does not, so capavs is more considerate than cegmxc
oxty gives another person a share while cddqjlwrzdtv does not, so oxty is more considerate than cddqjlwrzdtv
loldeezva gives another person a share while xhk does not, so loldeezva is more considerate than xhk
lspbaqmxs gives another person a share while vmtozxfvpqke does not, so vmtozxfvpqke is less considerate than lspbaqmxs
xgadewl gives another person a share while izjefr does not, so izjefr is less considerate than xgadewl
nnl gives another person a share while sdflagxxq does not, so sdflagxxq is less considerate than nnl
xib gives another person a share while uqyslxtek does not, so uqyslxtek is less considerate than xib
jpg gives another person a share while mvueydbnl does not, so mvueydbnl is less considerate than jpg
yaipjympob gives another person a share while qqlcb does not, so yaipjympob is not less considerate than qqlcb
tgt gives another person a share while hrqhha does not, so tgt is not less considerate than hrqhha
mcpgx gives another person a share while apkems does not, so mcpgx is not less considerate than apkems
wobsj gives another person a share while ckuitheo does not, so wobsj is not less considerate than ckuitheo
wetimtogfs gives another person a share while ntypxrb does not, so wetimtogfs is not less considerate than ntypxrb
dzffdyq gives another person a share while fxowq does not, so fxowq is not more considerate than dzffdyq
kriebfrtw gives another person a share while nqy does not, so nqy is not more considerate than kriebfrtw
jgf gives another person a share while zdvqgbr does not, so zdvqgbr is not more considerate than jgf
hiewwltajpt gives another person a share while pnrpzbozajli does not, so pnrpzbozajli is not more considerate than hiewwltajpt
omtusq gives another person a share while tbm does not, so tbm is not more considerate than omtusq
xnmyxbuzjee puts their foot down on rkoznhwmc while rkoznhwmc does not, so xnmyxbuzjee is more angry than rkoznhwmc
rjw puts their foot down on rgzthwymuk while rgzthwymuk does not, so rjw is more angry than rgzthwymuk
hpauvmrmoux puts their foot down on xlkz while xlkz does not, so hpauvmrmoux is more angry than xlkz
falqqqeeuaz puts their foot down on vilutkcd while vilutkcd does not, so falqqqeeuaz is more angry than vilutkcd
rckyu puts their foot down on pcaee while pcaee does not, so rckyu is more angry than pcaee
necnbxi puts their foot down on jzhthrjd while jzhthrjd does not, so jzhthrjd is less angry than necnbxi
sweeqirxn puts their foot down on lgopkon while lgopkon does not, so lgopkon is less angry than sweeqirxn
xpzznjbt puts their foot down on ycsjyj while ycsjyj does not, so ycsjyj is less angry than xpzznjbt
itbzmzicyfwe puts their foot down on iykgopefhggp while iykgopefhggp does not, so iykgopefhggp is less angry than itbzmzicyfwe
qoyuaqexlo puts their foot down on iooc while iooc does not, so iooc is less angry than qoyuaqexlo
mddtimr puts their foot down on plflg while plflg does not, so mddtimr is not more angry than plflg
ymlnhi puts their foot down on gqfgxo while gqfgxo does not, so ymlnhi is not more angry than gqfgxo
gaxbazkfotw puts their foot down on orlmip while orlmip does not, so gaxbazkfotw is not more angry than orlmip
gdnipcgwsbw puts their foot down on kcjuhlguwk while kcjuhlguwk does not, so gdnipcgwsbw is not more angry than kcjuhlguwk
orrt puts their foot down on hdidjbptqgh while hdidjbptqgh does not, so orrt is not more angry than hdidjbptqgh
zgdr puts their foot down on qrcqnp while qrcqnp does not, so qrcqnp is not more angry than zgdr
aekpsqnedr puts their foot down on qrqbmfxy while qrqbmfxy does not, so qrqbmfxy is not more angry than aekpsqnedr
fceuacngads puts their foot down on qbbw while qbbw does not, so qbbw is not more angry than fceuacngads
fbsoobefx puts their foot down on qifowvjsckq while qifowvjsckq does not, so qifowvjsckq is not more angry than fbsoobefx
ljka puts their foot down on ianyzvbzegbs while ianyzvbzegbs does not, so ianyzvbzegbs is not more angry than ljka
gke also gave another person more than spmxkoftlk, so gke is more of a giver than spmxkoftlk
pohpls also gave another person more than yrt, so pohpls is more of a giver than yrt
fir also gave another person more than mhgjxueekidx, so fir is more of a giver than mhgjxueekidx
dgvwiikxd also gave another person more than ztlktnpeo, so dgvwiikxd is more of a giver than ztlktnpeo
xyuvdprtizu also gave another person more than yoze, so xyuvdprtizu is more of a giver than yoze
hqdsjoxn also gave another person more than mknp, so mknp is a less giver than hqdsjoxn
iypzwnm also gave another person more than wunmgpmxafm, so wunmgpmxafm is a less giver than iypzwnm
ymbod also gave another person more than oagdtecbqpv, so oagdtecbqpv is a less giver than ymbod
zhldhyefup also gave another person more than vnnlfjqj, so vnnlfjqj is a less giver than zhldhyefup
buedzygnhl also gave another person more than wkm, so wkm is a less giver than buedzygnhl
mppelocx also gave another person more than vwdsludab, so mppelocx is not less of a giver than vwdsludab
wukcsgjc also gave another person more than zanvnk, so wukcsgjc is not less of a giver than zanvnk
cvkobrf also gave another person more than wbshk, so cvkobrf is not less of a giver than wbshk
wigeixehhtwu also gave another person more than ojpkvwothid, so wigeixehhtwu is not less of a giver than ojpkvwothid
zdrlniilz also gave another person more than paitxbxgdih, so zdrlniilz is not less of a giver than paitxbxgdih
rwmac also gave another person more than klstrf, so klstrf is not more giver than rwmac
xdvxp also gave another person more than dkmonkgo, so dkmonkgo is not more giver than xdvxp
zwyk also gave another person more than vhiqulowqph, so vhiqulowqph is not more giver than zwyk
fuzwludr also gave another person more than mqdocj, so mqdocj is not more giver than fuzwludr
ufegyjmtagw also gave another person more than zxgzjjpk, so zxgzjjpk is not more giver than ufegyjmtagw
dhr offers help while hlxcayom does not, so dhr is more selfless than hlxcayom
cjhfs offers help while zyxwqelmypz does not, so cjhfs is more selfless than zyxwqelmypz
enku offers help while mdpiszsol does not, so enku is more selfless than mdpiszsol
wwp offers help while dmlmfjfmbcfq does not, so wwp is more selfless than dmlmfjfmbcfq
foszltfncqni offers help while pvm does not, so foszltfncqni is more selfless than pvm
vxagfuunxjoh offers help while vmb does not, so vmb is less selfless than vxagfuunxjoh
pbcnidptdr offers help while fmiqyuj does not, so fmiqyuj is less selfless than pbcnidptdr
fxha offers help while apdjpd does not, so apdjpd is less selfless than fxha
lijozkysxg offers help while jyrrdovnv does not, so jyrrdovnv is less selfless than lijozkysxg
dzw offers help while mhaynieyuwmb does not, so mhaynieyuwmb is less selfless than dzw
mxaegfaawfkm offers help while ivejtug does not, so mxaegfaawfkm is not less selfless than ivejtug
ewqfkhx offers help while zodysavl does not, so ewqfkhx is not less selfless than zodysavl
gkhvwlptpkm offers help while nvyqggmwjgic does not, so gkhvwlptpkm is not less selfless than nvyqggmwjgic
kelgeqdnstf offers help while extbutpikxvi does not, so kelgeqdnstf is not less selfless than extbutpikxvi
ackrshavhlcs offers help while qfmz does not, so ackrshavhlcs is not less selfless than qfmz
cav offers help while wzoebfxy does not, so wzoebfxy is not more selfless than cav
axr offers help while aodcrx does not, so aodcrx is not more selfless than axr
zvcxzlum offers help while mthuvc does not, so mthuvc is not more selfless than zvcxzlum
pwenknif offers help while fxrxszc does not, so fxrxszc is not more selfless than pwenknif
klifhwyxlr offers help while fjbypnfn does not, so fjbypnfn is not more selfless than klifhwyxlr
xdgei tells their brother while sjyel does not, so xdgei is more gregarious than sjyel
jak tells their brother while vsrfxcvkuht does not, so jak is more gregarious than vsrfxcvkuht
tgkudy tells their brother while mxjkxt does not, so tgkudy is more gregarious than mxjkxt
arnn tells their brother while ullueeoeyy does not, so arnn is more gregarious than ullueeoeyy
jfqonwzt tells their brother while hswmyeyme does not, so jfqonwzt is more gregarious than hswmyeyme
itap tells their brother while jmzz does not, so jmzz is less gregarious than itap
nzmsxhgbftx tells their brother while xnyf does not, so xnyf is less gregarious than nzmsxhgbftx
xedzljz tells their brother while mqcg does not, so mqcg is less gregarious than xedzljz
inrszvz tells their brother while lozmrholfl does not, so lozmrholfl is less gregarious than inrszvz
vfyzarpwjvq tells their brother while xxgdzcdfdow does not, so xxgdzcdfdow is less gregarious than vfyzarpwjvq
qmhmzpsqdz tells their brother while krcoxg does not, so qmhmzpsqdz is not less gregarious than krcoxg
cfu tells their brother while gwibt does not, so cfu is not less gregarious than gwibt
vvvd tells their brother while atmqef does not, so vvvd is not less gregarious than atmqef
dayyravos tells their brother while clva does not, so dayyravos is not less gregarious than clva
stwuanpijntq tells their brother while byfje does not, so stwuanpijntq is not less gregarious than byfje
bam tells their brother while mrm does not, so mrm is not more gregarious than bam
fservlumyrce tells their brother while fbjjjbs does not, so fbjjjbs is not more gregarious than fservlumyrce
npttjm tells their brother while ropvug does not, so ropvug is not more gregarious than npttjm
vef tells their brother while dbnywd does not, so dbnywd is not more gregarious than vef
pnfkugsj tells their brother while kux does not, so kux is not more gregarious than pnfkugsj
uqmfquo buys some stock while zbyben does not, so uqmfquo is more dynamic than zbyben
tzdfl buys some stock while fzt does not, so tzdfl is more dynamic than fzt
gjhmqbqwm buys some stock while lfodeopbtj does not, so gjhmqbqwm is more dynamic than lfodeopbtj
rqcogepkovgn buys some stock while zmbzimdsdler does not, so rqcogepkovgn is more dynamic than zmbzimdsdler
crmsdy buys some stock while gvachpl does not, so crmsdy is more dynamic than gvachpl
kjesbwhhenz buys some stock while fhmfckh does not, so fhmfckh is less dynamic than kjesbwhhenz
ukvczpivdqn buys some stock while rzgdzrspfp does not, so rzgdzrspfp is less dynamic than ukvczpivdqn
vctzsgbdbwi buys some stock while idauz does not, so idauz is less dynamic than vctzsgbdbwi
uqnertoygpk buys some stock while gqonhgvb does not, so gqonhgvb is less dynamic than uqnertoygpk
civecs buys some stock while uhplbj does not, so uhplbj is less dynamic than civecs
rgmqiifxfp buys some stock while uwqpm does not, so rgmqiifxfp is not less dynamic than uwqpm
hzjasvmwg buys some stock while xhud does not, so hzjasvmwg is not less dynamic than xhud
nbmkiavg buys some stock while wtzawepyvg does not, so nbmkiavg is not less dynamic than wtzawepyvg
fudvan buys some stock while iophhbzeqgi does not, so fudvan is not less dynamic than iophhbzeqgi
lmurnbcnsqsg buys some stock while tkp does not, so lmurnbcnsqsg is not less dynamic than tkp
xgxpcw buys some stock while hulragrs does not, so hulragrs is not more dynamic than xgxpcw
lugunsxldcl buys some stock while leobq does not, so leobq is not more dynamic than lugunsxldcl
wbe buys some stock while hnroylevor does not, so hnroylevor is not more dynamic than wbe
aqtqzeolpmk buys some stock while yxzm does not, so yxzm is not more dynamic than aqtqzeolpmk
lsbpvllr buys some stock while nnrkdd does not, so nnrkdd is not more dynamic than lsbpvllr
ilexwsr makes millions while ltfnxm does not, so ilexwsr is more rich than ltfnxm
muzupf makes millions while ffpp does not, so muzupf is more rich than ffpp
dgkwuge makes millions while ekbdxhlk does not, so dgkwuge is more rich than ekbdxhlk
xjsqyk makes millions while oxgzfzo does not, so xjsqyk is more rich than oxgzfzo
pwmt makes millions while mjbfcsadf does not, so pwmt is more rich than mjbfcsadf
xvtglrq makes millions while amyfeckrv does not, so amyfeckrv is less rich than xvtglrq
hphyyufetfg makes millions while pakzqzezx does not, so pakzqzezx is less rich than hphyyufetfg
dwpzefxm makes millions while jmjrf does not, so jmjrf is less rich than dwpzefxm
ujkadbqsjh makes millions while uwqfqfsuktli does not, so uwqfqfsuktli is less rich than ujkadbqsjh
mhpbwemov makes millions while xvjld does not, so xvjld is less rich than mhpbwemov
ubkfc makes millions while hxcntrf does not, so ubkfc is not less rich than hxcntrf
ryirstmtxemv makes millions while zimymothy does not, so ryirstmtxemv is not less rich than zimymothy
fhugz makes millions while wkcr does not, so fhugz is not less rich than wkcr
ewmuw makes millions while nnxqk does not, so ewmuw is not less rich than nnxqk
vsapozzfeqzl makes millions while vtob does not, so vsapozzfeqzl is not less rich than vtob
tadvgue makes millions while xbrgfzfq does not, so xbrgfzfq is not more rich than tadvgue
kvy makes millions while kbpeq does not, so kbpeq is not more rich than kvy
eocygnar makes millions while sgjunrjjzagq does not, so sgjunrjjzagq is not more rich than eocygnar
ocht makes millions while ppmzere does not, so ppmzere is not more rich than ocht
cumyzxabi makes millions while ures does not, so ures is not more rich than cumyzxabi
bzhinsdlvdqc accomplishes their purpose while mjdznblyjs does not, so bzhinsdlvdqc is more ambitious than mjdznblyjs
dquqxb accomplishes their purpose while gvdxvxrcu does not, so dquqxb is more ambitious than gvdxvxrcu
zfuryyp accomplishes their purpose while qmbsgy does not, so zfuryyp is more ambitious than qmbsgy
zuddfffmkv accomplishes their purpose while vhoooemtlsgm does not, so zuddfffmkv is more ambitious than vhoooemtlsgm
ewl accomplishes their purpose while zzpfgv does not, so ewl is more ambitious than zzpfgv
gqq accomplishes their purpose while znchknnovs does not, so znchknnovs is less ambitious than gqq
onmcntw accomplishes their purpose while hobtvmzynlmg does not, so hobtvmzynlmg is less ambitious than onmcntw
wwts accomplishes their purpose while xyckllj does not, so xyckllj is less ambitious than wwts
uvxhhzmtc accomplishes their purpose while zew does not, so zew is less ambitious than uvxhhzmtc
dbwccbeud accomplishes their purpose while oxm does not, so oxm is less ambitious than dbwccbeud
kdghomrrsdv accomplishes their purpose while askqixuv does not, so kdghomrrsdv is not less ambitious than askqixuv
beh accomplishes their purpose while lpu does not, so beh is not less ambitious than lpu
vtxmrpjy accomplishes their purpose while ccpxbgcm does not, so vtxmrpjy is not less ambitious than ccpxbgcm
amcw accomplishes their purpose while qczh does not, so amcw is not less ambitious than qczh
kiyd accomplishes their purpose while xfzwnql does not, so kiyd is not less ambitious than xfzwnql
idezn accomplishes their purpose while malcvbw does not, so malcvbw is not more ambitious than idezn
ryusrtmz accomplishes their purpose while omzoegfma does not, so omzoegfma is not more ambitious than ryusrtmz
ycxir accomplishes their purpose while axhsewelesb does not, so axhsewelesb is not more ambitious than ycxir
ofuykohcnzl accomplishes their purpose while vmrsft does not, so vmrsft is not more ambitious than ofuykohcnzl
cbusijmoi accomplishes their purpose while ekgcx does not, so ekgcx is not more ambitious than cbusijmoi
gcpqzp separates the wheat from the chaff while gafhgbdfzumw does not, so gcpqzp is less exacting than gafhgbdfzumw
bajr separates the wheat from the chaff while jdzbi does not, so bajr is less exacting than jdzbi
mqipfb separates the wheat from the chaff while pgi does not, so mqipfb is less exacting than pgi
rblncvryp separates the wheat from the chaff while kxnfmyrk does not, so rblncvryp is less exacting than kxnfmyrk
qgr separates the wheat from the chaff while naipg does not, so qgr is less exacting than naipg
rty separates the wheat from the chaff while pvfqppjollwz does not, so pvfqppjollwz is less exact than rty
rzuvz separates the wheat from the chaff while jzowrtg does not, so jzowrtg is less exact than rzuvz
ttdvupizoih separates the wheat from the chaff while ctj does not, so ctj is less exact than ttdvupizoih
wcbkk separates the wheat from the chaff while haownzgsltpc does not, so haownzgsltpc is less exact than wcbkk
bhcaphgdco separates the wheat from the chaff while uobccoi does not, so uobccoi is less exact than bhcaphgdco
cuj separates the wheat from the chaff while imuusqugzjmq does not, so cuj is not less exact than imuusqugzjmq
vpeunb separates the wheat from the chaff while tvr does not, so vpeunb is not less exact than tvr
nsgclp separates the wheat from the chaff while tctff does not, so nsgclp is not less exact than tctff
uzketmlyeqgn separates the wheat from the chaff while klew does not, so uzketmlyeqgn is not less exact than klew
nhvhubicj separates the wheat from the chaff while xuuch does not, so nhvhubicj is not less exact than xuuch
smaaouqxbv separates the wheat from the chaff while saoi does not, so saoi is not more exact than smaaouqxbv
oggrybljbxav separates the wheat from the chaff while breardobci does not, so breardobci is not more exact than oggrybljbxav
hkjuteyjnsm separates the wheat from the chaff while kcuiynlf does not, so kcuiynlf is not more exact than hkjuteyjnsm
mdxxqiihf separates the wheat from the chaff while spnrhbeb does not, so spnrhbeb is not more exact than mdxxqiihf
hjmebs separates the wheat from the chaff while nqaxjefwkvuk does not, so nqaxjefwkvuk is not more exact than hjmebs
egnkxzvkg attends the party while wrfgx does not, so egnkxzvkg is more friendly than wrfgx
ncnq attends the party while kqjxirhrr does not, so ncnq is more friendly than kqjxirhrr
gtqico attends the party while xwdgprequtyy does not, so gtqico is more friendly than xwdgprequtyy
ulqlzffjbzay attends the party while vjs does not, so ulqlzffjbzay is more friendly than vjs
xdidg attends the party while zusbcpp does not, so xdidg is more friendly than zusbcpp
yexiummkbpz attends the party while wsvgbicsmoo does not, so wsvgbicsmoo is less friendly than yexiummkbpz
ainvcm attends the party while nwdxqpacut does not, so nwdxqpacut is less friendly than ainvcm
kqtcv attends the party while pjtsg does not, so pjtsg is less friendly than kqtcv
tfxxwqko attends the party while exvlxkvtyvur does not, so exvlxkvtyvur is less friendly than tfxxwqko
sifftghd attends the party while gbdq does not, so gbdq is less friendly than sifftghd
uwypujvbjlw attends the party while dibb does not, so uwypujvbjlw is not less friendly than dibb
apuwwi attends the party while gohevvtj does not, so apuwwi is not less friendly than gohevvtj
fqqhirwe attends the party while dssz does not, so fqqhirwe is not less friendly than dssz
drjyv attends the party while tosayn does not, so drjyv is not less friendly than tosayn
lfbox attends the party while qoyh does not, so lfbox is not less friendly than qoyh
arydzdrlm attends the party while dfkloqrwiyo does not, so dfkloqrwiyo is not more friendly than arydzdrlm
oibtzzhf attends the party while pgrojvvuqfzd does not, so pgrojvvuqfzd is not more friendly than oibtzzhf
jnid attends the party while kjhmiba does not, so kjhmiba is not more friendly than jnid
vcdkrol attends the party while ujzzewvauuw does not, so ujzzewvauuw is not more friendly than vcdkrol
awzoqrfp attends the party while cuauaftvhc does not, so cuauaftvhc is not more friendly than awzoqrfp
dsk takes my dog while vaxf does not, so dsk is more giving than vaxf
mpzcu takes my dog while argr does not, so mpzcu is more giving than argr
huj takes my dog while mbzlruhzm does not, so huj is more giving than mbzlruhzm
cfg takes my dog while ptvuw does not, so cfg is more giving than ptvuw
epu takes my dog while odnbhwa does not, so epu is more giving than odnbhwa
julx takes my dog while zgibhudb does not, so zgibhudb is less giving than julx
ufeekn takes my dog while cjwkegyc does not, so cjwkegyc is less giving than ufeekn
xobqrnbtjk takes my dog while yhcvuorpmpl does not, so yhcvuorpmpl is less giving than xobqrnbtjk
qox takes my dog while macfhvk does not, so macfhvk is less giving than qox
gbgzktamfja takes my dog while diolmufpsx does not, so diolmufpsx is less giving than gbgzktamfja
diw takes my dog while uto does not, so diw is not more giving than uto
gyecwrzow takes my dog while rdljgxjnq does not, so gyecwrzow is not more giving than rdljgxjnq
ciwjryptnst takes my dog while iiqlw does not, so ciwjryptnst is not more giving than iiqlw
mclcmta takes my dog while xnvhj does not, so mclcmta is not more giving than xnvhj
wdnsmwjag takes my dog while uvkma does not, so wdnsmwjag is not more giving than uvkma
ngyveuhikxhz takes my dog while eeelxdo does not, so eeelxdo is not more giving than ngyveuhikxhz
gnnvgpdxcexr takes my dog while mcijbff does not, so mcijbff is not more giving than gnnvgpdxcexr
pywnfuoggrql takes my dog while xtpyoo does not, so xtpyoo is not more giving than pywnfuoggrql
ifuboztkqu takes my dog while mcdp does not, so mcdp is not more giving than ifuboztkqu
kzhagtfwwj takes my dog while uezzyhw does not, so uezzyhw is not more giving than kzhagtfwwj
uyxoqjsns plays another person's role while uliyrkjcga does not, so uyxoqjsns is more interchangeable than uliyrkjcga
caau plays another person's role while rpdbjwgw does not, so caau is more interchangeable than rpdbjwgw
cwwup plays another person's role while qxdhzelv does not, so cwwup is more interchangeable than qxdhzelv
ommbrflmxbb plays another person's role while jlskgwuopgj does not, so ommbrflmxbb is more interchangeable than jlskgwuopgj
bjmtpatpes plays another person's role while penbmdsmi does not, so bjmtpatpes is more interchangeable than penbmdsmi
agshfjwlff plays another person's role while nzonfyueahkb does not, so nzonfyueahkb is less interchangeable than agshfjwlff
blzbri plays another person's role while usnsxy does not, so usnsxy is less interchangeable than blzbri
xcagvf plays another person's role while fhy does not, so fhy is less interchangeable than xcagvf
myq plays another person's role while uhyxsybgubuc does not, so uhyxsybgubuc is less interchangeable than myq
wnilcrmfyumd plays another person's role while yeerworcvz does not, so yeerworcvz is less interchangeable than wnilcrmfyumd
guph plays another person's role while kapfoxweefng does not, so guph is not less interchangeable than kapfoxweefng
blli plays another person's role while ustzcpr does not, so blli is not less interchangeable than ustzcpr
watffifslea plays another person's role while txigsikzx does not, so watffifslea is not less interchangeable than txigsikzx
imljapapow plays another person's role while sntur does not, so imljapapow is not less interchangeable than sntur
ifusnzmhxoa plays another person's role while qsrqlvobar does not, so ifusnzmhxoa is not less interchangeable than qsrqlvobar
vhgeyutqxit plays another person's role while uhhbia does not, so uhhbia is not more interchangeable than vhgeyutqxit
xrneunzh plays another person's role while wsol does not, so wsol is not more interchangeable than xrneunzh
xhcokej plays another person's role while acnvdbmsyf does not, so acnvdbmsyf is not more interchangeable than xhcokej
mkarvmeodzow plays another person's role while iihrejk does not, so iihrejk is not more interchangeable than mkarvmeodzow
geikj plays another person's role while dbri does not, so dbri is not more interchangeable than geikj
hqakqqyi returns the phone while sctyrqxcwag does not, so hqakqqyi is less dutiful than sctyrqxcwag
pggamx returns the phone while ospfwdnwasny does not, so pggamx is less dutiful than ospfwdnwasny
aukioerki returns the phone while eerchiz does not, so aukioerki is less dutiful than eerchiz
hzufurapu returns the phone while tignkdfvtwxh does not, so hzufurapu is less dutiful than tignkdfvtwxh
gtmiohgl returns the phone while vsayqeffnnjb does not, so gtmiohgl is less dutiful than vsayqeffnnjb
daleksseote returns the phone while ebtmisujzbc does not, so ebtmisujzbc is less dutiful than daleksseote
wbprulbm returns the phone while roprdnh does not, so roprdnh is less dutiful than wbprulbm
zouupd returns the phone while mnj does not, so mnj is less dutiful than zouupd
iydqtmp returns the phone while dvzcyfr does not, so dvzcyfr is less dutiful than iydqtmp
vfxfkxeekqd returns the phone while qexkmhmk does not, so qexkmhmk is less dutiful than vfxfkxeekqd
zxbn returns the phone while qwkklxxfptte does not, so zxbn is not less dutiful than qwkklxxfptte
pjdputrdnh returns the phone while dyrkmjrmlfhv does not, so pjdputrdnh is not less dutiful than dyrkmjrmlfhv
unphqiumzkey returns the phone while ablemz does not, so unphqiumzkey is not less dutiful than ablemz
mwleuhklyiyo returns the phone while nbojgpqsmxkp does not, so mwleuhklyiyo is not less dutiful than nbojgpqsmxkp
ltyl returns the phone while zicbbtjzijtr does not, so ltyl is not less dutiful than zicbbtjzijtr
jthbf returns the phone while lrccokz does not, so lrccokz is not more dutiful than jthbf
une returns the phone while vnrlzmaqzzt does not, so vnrlzmaqzzt is not more dutiful than une
oqfbczenxj returns the phone while pgehx does not, so pgehx is not more dutiful than oqfbczenxj
tsrvegcntxkn returns the phone while yduydwqv does not, so yduydwqv is not more dutiful than tsrvegcntxkn
vmwaef returns the phone while sfxk does not, so sfxk is not more dutiful than vmwaef
rlqupwwxj was immediately turned while egvac was not, so rlqupwwxj is more curious than egvac
gzydq was immediately turned while dofqywdhra was not, so gzydq is more curious than dofqywdhra
hzdblscsfrut was immediately turned while jvhzbw was not, so hzdblscsfrut is more curious than jvhzbw
micytttmknyg was immediately turned while aynxbf was not, so micytttmknyg is more curious than aynxbf
utdpw was immediately turned while kbinjzalia was not, so utdpw is more curious than kbinjzalia
tfwxclk was immediately turned while fialyeizg was not, so fialyeizg is less curious than tfwxclk
rdy was immediately turned while wrsiadzqxln was not, so wrsiadzqxln is less curious than rdy
loojrt was immediately turned while idsdpuhkzbse was not, so idsdpuhkzbse is less curious than loojrt
ngz was immediately turned while arbdfeivybm was not, so arbdfeivybm is less curious than ngz
tezi was immediately turned while oewxlqlw was not, so oewxlqlw is less curious than tezi
kkf is immediately turned while qjjkwowoe is not, so kkf is not less curious than qjjkwowoe
nilrardvgcn is immediately turned while kkwhsxiv is not, so nilrardvgcn is not less curious than kkwhsxiv
lhrtnqrsya is immediately turned while tno is not, so lhrtnqrsya is not less curious than tno
cbigfwjgp is immediately turned while beyvsdukfh is not, so cbigfwjgp is not less curious than beyvsdukfh
qemwbgvoyji is immediately turned while yfoqm is not, so qemwbgvoyji is not less curious than yfoqm
ykh is immediately turned while qofoxgsr is not, so qofoxgsr is not more curious than ykh
tbqmyxwqaew is immediately turned while meuzmttowfjk is not, so meuzmttowfjk is not more curious than tbqmyxwqaew
djjqe is immediately turned while mgrqgvktzo is not, so mgrqgvktzo is not more curious than djjqe
ktubzbzgqgg is immediately turned while ftoegaobwv is not, so ftoegaobwv is not more curious than ktubzbzgqgg
dwudqq is immediately turned while gwszpqgs is not, so gwszpqgs is not more curious than dwudqq
dnliphwldxkc pushes another person's head while ueya does not, so dnliphwldxkc is more aggressive than ueya
ipfqu pushes another person's head while kzojgapenqq does not, so ipfqu is more aggressive than kzojgapenqq
imm pushes another person's head while utweilmoptwu does not, so imm is more aggressive than utweilmoptwu
bcegcos pushes another person's head while mzrbkqwh does not, so bcegcos is more aggressive than mzrbkqwh
cuwcoysd pushes another person's head while nxcdqsmfi does not, so cuwcoysd is more aggressive than nxcdqsmfi
nfqqzazhez pushes another person's head while gzbtg does not, so gzbtg is less aggressive than nfqqzazhez
sgezaxkobzkn pushes another person's head while fzqrv does not, so fzqrv is less aggressive than sgezaxkobzkn
bjmibals pushes another person's head while snfhhwhvbzcy does not, so snfhhwhvbzcy is less aggressive than bjmibals
xououyvgqgai pushes another person's head while qqauk does not, so qqauk is less aggressive than xououyvgqgai
njmu pushes another person's head while twexqnhvgsse does not, so twexqnhvgsse is less aggressive than njmu
atykhmeeyxhu pushes another person's head while nkkcbaatl does not, so atykhmeeyxhu is not less aggressive than nkkcbaatl
kmrqvcklkmde pushes another person's head while pfzukq does not, so kmrqvcklkmde is not less aggressive than pfzukq
mioaigkewxd pushes another person's head while rryhvt does not, so mioaigkewxd is not less aggressive than rryhvt
vnpo pushes another person's head while vhzdlhg does not, so vnpo is not less aggressive than vhzdlhg
dxzdubitib pushes another person's head while dtnbjeouvfth does not, so dxzdubitib is not less aggressive than dtnbjeouvfth
vcezbadpk pushes another person's head while rsitgjhrfze does not, so rsitgjhrfze is not more aggressive than vcezbadpk
qxvfabnt pushes another person's head while qvzhrgt does not, so qvzhrgt is not more aggressive than qxvfabnt
xyaixxbwlawy pushes another person's head while ioxievcmum does not, so ioxievcmum is not more aggressive than xyaixxbwlawy
hmxqsmfarr pushes another person's head while ocuqeqaalcl does not, so ocuqeqaalcl is not more aggressive than hmxqsmfarr
xjdiv pushes another person's head while smbiyqtx does not, so smbiyqtx is not more aggressive than xjdiv
lnmrzz would n't eat more than ewhhorluj, so lnmrzz is more dieting than ewhhorluj
jtkhluhtu would n't eat more than rsnlm, so jtkhluhtu is more dieting than rsnlm
cqfmmvbrje would n't eat more than ohwhpjfkpvws, so cqfmmvbrje is more dieting than ohwhpjfkpvws
jbciitl would n't eat more than hmidqxjy, so jbciitl is more dieting than hmidqxjy
emyntzr would n't eat more than enqftgfmtyk, so emyntzr is more dieting than enqftgfmtyk
djyilnpioopr would n't eat more than sclcfayk, so sclcfayk is less dieting than djyilnpioopr
vcrzho would n't eat more than rprs, so rprs is less dieting than vcrzho
iaczrsdqsuly would n't eat more than igfk, so igfk is less dieting than iaczrsdqsuly
vifirjqshgpd would n't eat more than yks, so yks is less dieting than vifirjqshgpd
bpnjh would n't eat more than qfu, so qfu is less dieting than bpnjh
tnthijxvhp would n't eat more than viwyzsm, so tnthijxvhp is not less dieting than viwyzsm
kwa would n't eat more than oiavm, so kwa is not less dieting than oiavm
holizahxr would n't eat more than srjutrraq, so holizahxr is not less dieting than srjutrraq
vjse would n't eat more than oanhrgwwdhq, so vjse is not less dieting than oanhrgwwdhq
lhwnnc would n't eat more than rkcjtwvphmd, so lhwnnc is not less dieting than rkcjtwvphmd
wsvfysplxda would n't eat more than kuhrfs, so kuhrfs is not more dieting than wsvfysplxda
utlyckyax would n't eat more than nvnyfcuf, so nvnyfcuf is not more dieting than utlyckyax
gyyyrv would n't eat more than vkonhcmi, so vkonhcmi is not more dieting than gyyyrv
yovxyzcbox would n't eat more than pnmlntjna, so pnmlntjna is not more dieting than yovxyzcbox
cfpfi would n't eat more than lvgwyjeumh, so lvgwyjeumh is not more dieting than cfpfi
jierjuw is able to youngest another person president while axipejhsvw is not, so jierjuw is more motivated than axipejhsvw
vka is able to youngest another person president while xmlc is not, so vka is more motivated than xmlc
hdrpgyeuobfe is able to youngest another person president while ulwrmm is not, so hdrpgyeuobfe is more motivated than ulwrmm
pimeiovcby is able to youngest another person president while zmxw is not, so pimeiovcby is more motivated than zmxw
sgcpputatdm is able to youngest another person president while kkym is not, so sgcpputatdm is more motivated than kkym
qjzfumk is able to youngest another person president while sdnhfmhdwur is not, so sdnhfmhdwur is less motivated than qjzfumk
kshudmup is able to youngest another person president while iihaxdtcfps is not, so iihaxdtcfps is less motivated than kshudmup
ynkcmhgbbm is able to youngest another person president while cvhzdqnbbzx is not, so cvhzdqnbbzx is less motivated than ynkcmhgbbm
fvlkkpobflz is able to youngest another person president while tmg is not, so tmg is less motivated than fvlkkpobflz
hczkp is able to youngest another person president while ukqiiby is not, so ukqiiby is less motivated than hczkp
fxkl is the youngest another person president while doer is not, so fxkl is not less motivated than doer
ejnjcjxvjkz is the youngest another person president while cbd is not, so ejnjcjxvjkz is not less motivated than cbd
wgs is the youngest another person president while uczo is not, so wgs is not less motivated than uczo
qkstttncwfu is the youngest another person president while prpwrrhi is not, so qkstttncwfu is not less motivated than prpwrrhi
dgkg is the youngest another person president while yua is not, so dgkg is not less motivated than yua
hqlnaas is not more motivated than pavzpkd, so pavzpkd is not more motivated than hqlnaas
agdiuizu is not more motivated than ncjuvxvdjxpz, so ncjuvxvdjxpz is not more motivated than agdiuizu
ndjkpoo is not more motivated than rwfw, so rwfw is not more motivated than ndjkpoo
kzadadr is not more motivated than pzu, so pzu is not more motivated than kzadadr
tcjzebiaidnw is not more motivated than sidns, so sidns is not more motivated than tcjzebiaidnw
ylnsogmhd continues to drive while fuiiuoguq does not, so ylnsogmhd is more committed than fuiiuoguq
tkvwa continues to drive while ypxdbzfwn does not, so tkvwa is more committed than ypxdbzfwn
xqbdoggji continues to drive while dkqclpqf does not, so xqbdoggji is more committed than dkqclpqf
smhq continues to drive while tjvetebd does not, so smhq is more committed than tjvetebd
gymtshopp continues to drive while darovq does not, so gymtshopp is more committed than darovq
mdksu continues to drive while atdakrxebdr does not, so atdakrxebdr is less committed than mdksu
nvyueh continues to drive while rzzetdhwau does not, so rzzetdhwau is less committed than nvyueh
nplmeilulfk continues to drive while fybqgqt does not, so fybqgqt is less committed than nplmeilulfk
sbusavwta continues to drive while bmmdlxnxlm does not, so bmmdlxnxlm is less committed than sbusavwta
aqxisixagrsp continues to drive while sidy does not, so sidy is less committed than aqxisixagrsp
gktcnekdja continues to drive while lpqijgn does not, so gktcnekdja is not less committed than lpqijgn
mxpowjhbfkw continues to drive while hpkh does not, so mxpowjhbfkw is not less committed than hpkh
bzbbbjpz continues to drive while zusamuvsams does not, so bzbbbjpz is not less committed than zusamuvsams
jbyykeccr continues to drive while hwsnecwnse does not, so jbyykeccr is not less committed than hwsnecwnse
ywxdqplaxk continues to drive while bmwvarciw does not, so ywxdqplaxk is not less committed than bmwvarciw
ucdcn continues to drive while efnp does not, so efnp is not more committed than ucdcn
mqcoi continues to drive while xnj does not, so xnj is not more committed than mqcoi
kdczpbl continues to drive while hxkmy does not, so hxkmy is not more committed than kdczpbl
bewso continues to drive while kcnieg does not, so kcnieg is not more committed than bewso
wujpxt continues to drive while jzlwlaaiqewr does not, so jzlwlaaiqewr is not more committed than wujpxt
trxilqqs wants a new dress while rpw does not, so trxilqqs is more spoiled than rpw
kvjvmebssok wants a new dress while onppc does not, so kvjvmebssok is more spoiled than onppc
payemtme wants a new dress while mestursyffwa does not, so payemtme is more spoiled than mestursyffwa
vtvtvjtzvzag wants a new dress while eorvaalhvkx does not, so vtvtvjtzvzag is more spoiled than eorvaalhvkx
nshlyysjhusf wants a new dress while jnee does not, so nshlyysjhusf is more spoiled than jnee
qjovyqwajla wants a new dress while ysqcxxexvnd does not, so ysqcxxexvnd is less spoiled than qjovyqwajla
lqirtfottbhz wants a new dress while lxzcsoq does not, so lxzcsoq is less spoiled than lqirtfottbhz
wkvyiqbrhco wants a new dress while iko does not, so iko is less spoiled than wkvyiqbrhco
zlcaig wants a new dress while jvhoe does not, so jvhoe is less spoiled than zlcaig
glurmoa wants a new dress while njxis does not, so njxis is less spoiled than glurmoa
cdh wants a new dress while bdj does not, so cdh is not less spoiled than bdj
aghiuzvuki wants a new dress while uptboynmqs does not, so aghiuzvuki is not less spoiled than uptboynmqs
nrnvwxbgti wants a new dress while uhevnwsk does not, so nrnvwxbgti is not less spoiled than uhevnwsk
jdmozvooa wants a new dress while gaiqmyxeqfj does not, so jdmozvooa is not less spoiled than gaiqmyxeqfj
megru wants a new dress while bfzwxi does not, so megru is not less spoiled than bfzwxi
lqcowkke wants a new dress while pglmgzjxt does not, so pglmgzjxt is not more spoiled than lqcowkke
nuj wants a new dress while yclq does not, so yclq is not more spoiled than nuj
rwi wants a new dress while kblyajdgvo does not, so kblyajdgvo is not more spoiled than rwi
jqtmlbdmbw wants a new dress while bybqgfm does not, so bybqgfm is not more spoiled than jqtmlbdmbw
aenfldbe wants a new dress while xqoueeioh does not, so xqoueeioh is not more spoiled than aenfldbe
vukv catches their drift while nfevtqxnxui does not, so vukv is more intelligent than nfevtqxnxui
wbmacohckp catches their drift while uongvlxhzxde does not, so wbmacohckp is more intelligent than uongvlxhzxde
vuzvtcfbqmvz catches their drift while xriu does not, so vuzvtcfbqmvz is more intelligent than xriu
zosipwsk catches their drift while khqgc does not, so zosipwsk is more intelligent than khqgc
ibmakagbofkf catches their drift while dsus does not, so ibmakagbofkf is more intelligent than dsus
lgbhunmfh catches their drift while cygetbgroqoh does not, so cygetbgroqoh is less intelligent than lgbhunmfh
cepdbmnly catches their drift while qdzbzduix does not, so qdzbzduix is less intelligent than cepdbmnly
lpj catches their drift while qltwpnsltcla does not, so qltwpnsltcla is less intelligent than lpj
pmljng catches their drift while imnnqccmgaz does not, so imnnqccmgaz is less intelligent than pmljng
udrbhirmfotl catches their drift while ksznuctok does not, so ksznuctok is less intelligent than udrbhirmfotl
ryycucdkk catches their drift while xohojsbaix does not, so ryycucdkk is not less intelligent than xohojsbaix
vxooaucgjf catches their drift while blyygoidapt does not, so vxooaucgjf is not less intelligent than blyygoidapt
vtyk catches their drift while oircjx does not, so vtyk is not less intelligent than oircjx
qwmgwdseqbj catches their drift while qslyovjhwm does not, so qwmgwdseqbj is not less intelligent than qslyovjhwm
yadkouzky catches their drift while stsw does not, so yadkouzky is not less intelligent than stsw
iwmiuqixyzgb catches their drift while ekhagwls does not, so ekhagwls is not more intelligent than iwmiuqixyzgb
obs catches their drift while dgtaamhmvrk does not, so dgtaamhmvrk is not more intelligent than obs
yyx catches their drift while apukwrwkmcy does not, so apukwrwkmcy is not more intelligent than yyx
qcoapyswoh catches their drift while nauni does not, so nauni is not more intelligent than qcoapyswoh
xwhxurhhst catches their drift while lbewv does not, so lbewv is not more intelligent than xwhxurhhst
bon grows taller while qwaeah does not, so bon is more large than qwaeah
uykkapgkmzis grows taller while xokdfmsnp does not, so uykkapgkmzis is more large than xokdfmsnp
odatgmxnubt grows taller while affhr does not, so odatgmxnubt is more large than affhr
gyvngokh grows taller while xlxsx does not, so gyvngokh is more large than xlxsx
vtvburcgjn grows taller while xuijjfsircld does not, so vtvburcgjn is more large than xuijjfsircld
ejnzrwl grows taller while hddsaseiiq does not, so hddsaseiiq is less large than ejnzrwl
phgw grows taller while zxwlh does not, so zxwlh is less large than phgw
ferbw grows taller while bvrvvuwkfqlx does not, so bvrvvuwkfqlx is less large than ferbw
otmoyh grows taller while jndzjecngw does not, so jndzjecngw is less large than otmoyh
mqsgzvsckiv grows taller while mvgzdxsefg does not, so mvgzdxsefg is less large than mqsgzvsckiv
gwfmrmustsus grows taller while rwjwocil does not, so gwfmrmustsus is not less large than rwjwocil
gdonxjrafciw grows taller while fowqjgdhd does not, so gdonxjrafciw is not less large than fowqjgdhd
oyaozrmirs grows taller while wdav does not, so oyaozrmirs is not less large than wdav
bxjuixlqr grows taller while cyzxyufsttpl does not, so bxjuixlqr is not less large than cyzxyufsttpl
elihfqogcsn grows taller while fvszvrhm does not, so elihfqogcsn is not less large than fvszvrhm
unevzwb grows taller while lujfhgxdcoh does not, so lujfhgxdcoh is not more large than unevzwb
fnceszaraezl grows taller while jep does not, so jep is not more large than fnceszaraezl
fuut grows taller while uvlarqzsq does not, so uvlarqzsq is not more large than fuut
dmocjbsgwx grows taller while fzeuiq does not, so fzeuiq is not more large than dmocjbsgwx
eeasdi grows taller while coaufvy does not, so coaufvy is not more large than eeasdi
ltaexmhpiuc acts strange while owaf does not, so ltaexmhpiuc is more unusual than owaf
frridhpkmp acts strange while kaqyvwntfasx does not, so frridhpkmp is more unusual than kaqyvwntfasx
yopru acts strange while qzmfgbuzqch does not, so yopru is more unusual than qzmfgbuzqch
qpz acts strange while xvnams does not, so qpz is more unusual than xvnams
acmhuhsf acts strange while xlahbklf does not, so acmhuhsf is more unusual than xlahbklf
tri acts strange while jfbcf does not, so jfbcf is less unusual than tri
nffnpdh acts strange while mreqrjghrze does not, so mreqrjghrze is less unusual than nffnpdh
fqydhxtvo acts strange while ravxpnwuhet does not, so ravxpnwuhet is less unusual than fqydhxtvo
jnsegrlhf acts strange while ivovifsragrg does not, so ivovifsragrg is less unusual than jnsegrlhf
ehrhu acts strange while loqbok does not, so loqbok is less unusual than ehrhu
xmqpo acts strange while bucuqyrh does not, so xmqpo is not less unusual than bucuqyrh
pfjj acts strange while rkszpohv does not, so pfjj is not less unusual than rkszpohv
kabmvvvmagh acts strange while siubjtxr does not, so kabmvvvmagh is not less unusual than siubjtxr
lygihnjdr acts strange while zglabhwebwm does not, so lygihnjdr is not less unusual than zglabhwebwm
iskdbedqtcz acts strange while rhvsep does not, so iskdbedqtcz is not less unusual than rhvsep
elbmlpxe acts strange while pstwvwjnj does not, so pstwvwjnj is not more unusual than elbmlpxe
xkrhbclxbviz acts strange while dprtlpdmcmg does not, so dprtlpdmcmg is not more unusual than xkrhbclxbviz
mgrfsozqghse acts strange while gkh does not, so gkh is not more unusual than mgrfsozqghse
rtqyxmlt acts strange while bhvzooixz does not, so bhvzooixz is not more unusual than rtqyxmlt
ysuuwxrvaro acts strange while puc does not, so puc is not more unusual than ysuuwxrvaro
ylcayykrswcg tells another person's grandmother while iseoefooqx does not, so ylcayykrswcg is more eager than iseoefooqx
jpwj tells another person's grandmother while kvihgs does not, so jpwj is more eager than kvihgs
jrynxmzgjqxd tells another person's grandmother while wzdudrffa does not, so jrynxmzgjqxd is more eager than wzdudrffa
toa tells another person's grandmother while apdh does not, so toa is more eager than apdh
ojji tells another person's grandmother while acokb does not, so ojji is more eager than acokb
mcjmfrmezz tells another person's grandmother while uqyldkvylphb does not, so uqyldkvylphb is less eager than mcjmfrmezz
ykcwxq tells another person's grandmother while mncaaxw does not, so mncaaxw is less eager than ykcwxq
cpchsusepugs tells another person's grandmother while favgvwo does not, so favgvwo is less eager than cpchsusepugs
twqlkyifd tells another person's grandmother while fuit does not, so fuit is less eager than twqlkyifd
ycvdond tells another person's grandmother while xuhv does not, so xuhv is less eager than ycvdond
pixzbcg tells another person's grandmother while dqf does not, so pixzbcg is not less eager than dqf
iniwwjmtcd tells another person's grandmother while emmvz does not, so iniwwjmtcd is not less eager than emmvz
ufilyrps tells another person's grandmother while agetcybn does not, so ufilyrps is not less eager than agetcybn
xamdlmgzgjr tells another person's grandmother while uxbudxopow does not, so xamdlmgzgjr is not less eager than uxbudxopow
nvesakjs tells another person's grandmother while gjh does not, so nvesakjs is not less eager than gjh
dtzbfya tells another person's grandmother while oajzwyd does not, so oajzwyd is not more eager than dtzbfya
kfemlelyvmg tells another person's grandmother while kvjdiz does not, so kvjdiz is not more eager than kfemlelyvmg
uvasqjgr tells another person's grandmother while cblvv does not, so cblvv is not more eager than uvasqjgr
qiycxahm tells another person's grandmother while gfdnjrxt does not, so gfdnjrxt is not more eager than qiycxahm
dowzn tells another person's grandmother while mlmskucajvu does not, so mlmskucajvu is not more eager than dowzn
spbknormyns changes their policy while cazsthe does not, so spbknormyns is more abrupt than cazsthe
gcydajjnbrwa changes their policy while klbylxmxnimk does not, so gcydajjnbrwa is more abrupt than klbylxmxnimk
nkpykvm changes their policy while jsfmihacq does not, so nkpykvm is more abrupt than jsfmihacq
ajcozdpwiymn changes their policy while zkyupvefk does not, so ajcozdpwiymn is more abrupt than zkyupvefk
rkogckf changes their policy while fjrmbkjyvf does not, so rkogckf is more abrupt than fjrmbkjyvf
mytlznzhce changes their policy while jdozkbxu does not, so jdozkbxu is more abrupt than mytlznzhce
gcxdijrxlggd changes their policy while lvu does not, so lvu is more abrupt than gcxdijrxlggd
mlkoqc changes their policy while ecafvgxs does not, so ecafvgxs is more abrupt than mlkoqc
umz changes their policy while qqlk does not, so qqlk is more abrupt than umz
eri changes their policy while bzhpjdnxxpcz does not, so bzhpjdnxxpcz is more abrupt than eri
vkcxcpgqw changes their policy while ektai does not, so vkcxcpgqw is not less abrupt than ektai
hboumlpdi changes their policy while wlsalecm does not, so hboumlpdi is not less abrupt than wlsalecm
bcdbnroq changes their policy while gvsumq does not, so bcdbnroq is not less abrupt than gvsumq
vvsnfxbqm changes their policy while gbqaisk does not, so vvsnfxbqm is not less abrupt than gbqaisk
pidbvtiqoe changes their policy while hnqoscrrkelc does not, so pidbvtiqoe is not less abrupt than hnqoscrrkelc
rufgl changes their policy while gsfipsespgh does not, so gsfipsespgh is not more abrupt than rufgl
hld changes their policy while nlxkwexop does not, so nlxkwexop is not more abrupt than hld
sihqs changes their policy while alnq does not, so alnq is not more abrupt than sihqs
cchdxk changes their policy while pgiliopzffpe does not, so pgiliopzffpe is not more abrupt than cchdxk
sspruzcv changes their policy while npvkqdjevnsm does not, so npvkqdjevnsm is not more abrupt than sspruzcv
fcqxn offers to teach another person while pvhmdp does not, so fcqxn is more generous than pvhmdp
vpgfhtu offers to teach another person while mszpt does not, so vpgfhtu is more generous than mszpt
ovarre offers to teach another person while sldthvg does not, so ovarre is more generous than sldthvg
qofo offers to teach another person while svmjgevtayha does not, so qofo is more generous than svmjgevtayha
fiwphwlcgdc offers to teach another person while fhhw does not, so fiwphwlcgdc is more generous than fhhw
dksxtsfja offers to teach another person while zot does not, so zot is less generous than dksxtsfja
kho offers to teach another person while jswtaxhcagyi does not, so jswtaxhcagyi is less generous than kho
ihvp offers to teach another person while vljj does not, so vljj is less generous than ihvp
bdfkzhr offers to teach another person while hwwmy does not, so hwwmy is less generous than bdfkzhr
apdpurc offers to teach another person while zbeuqqe does not, so zbeuqqe is less generous than apdpurc
qqtulqjlx offers to teach another person while bvdjfoztfrqo does not, so qqtulqjlx is not less generous than bvdjfoztfrqo
qgbdl offers to teach another person while ahuzqidgwmfn does not, so qgbdl is not less generous than ahuzqidgwmfn
ktn offers to teach another person while wntyrgtzzri does not, so ktn is not less generous than wntyrgtzzri
hsjncgyrsnxf offers to teach another person while utqtcxrkha does not, so hsjncgyrsnxf is not less generous than utqtcxrkha
mgcqboqubae offers to teach another person while iozvi does not, so mgcqboqubae is not less generous than iozvi
ncmcaxkpnqlt offers to teach another person while ptjmv does not, so ptjmv is not more generous than ncmcaxkpnqlt
ahvtrgwey offers to teach another person while buqfpybet does not, so buqfpybet is not more generous than ahvtrgwey
kefqnjbxbwyo offers to teach another person while yupctrm does not, so yupctrm is not more generous than kefqnjbxbwyo
afqqigbsyy offers to teach another person while cuettqe does not, so cuettqe is not more generous than afqqigbsyy
sqkvkhyekhmz offers to teach another person while chvigiidfijp does not, so chvigiidfijp is not more generous than sqkvkhyekhmz
unrzozz cracks a fat while lvwbmdgzl does not, so unrzozz is more tired than lvwbmdgzl
zpcmukszsh cracks a fat while zynszolkmy does not, so zpcmukszsh is more tired than zynszolkmy
fjlvf cracks a fat while nmmrzyfzv does not, so fjlvf is more tired than nmmrzyfzv
vxpqq cracks a fat while smu does not, so vxpqq is more tired than smu
balnwzzughv cracks a fat while sxam does not, so balnwzzughv is more tired than sxam
kdxnscmd cracks a fat while tlw does not, so tlw is less tired than kdxnscmd
trnuc cracks a fat while epepbpaw does not, so epepbpaw is less tired than trnuc
sne cracks a fat while hiwebgmcyxy does not, so hiwebgmcyxy is less tired than sne
nfoazayfjjr cracks a fat while yedupjzgxk does not, so yedupjzgxk is less tired than nfoazayfjjr
vmrlyoyhba cracks a fat while lbu does not, so lbu is less tired than vmrlyoyhba
afchi cracks a fat while hxuosvfj does not, so afchi is not less tired than hxuosvfj
xhgeojbzh cracks a fat while wkkv does not, so xhgeojbzh is not less tired than wkkv
uobszwyxam cracks a fat while pnlbbdabj does not, so uobszwyxam is not less tired than pnlbbdabj
lpdq cracks a fat while gkkkfcuruex does not, so lpdq is not less tired than gkkkfcuruex
mjioj cracks a fat while yjcl does not, so mjioj is not less tired than yjcl
pboedagxk cracks a fat while len does not, so len is not more tired than pboedagxk
krras cracks a fat while fsumlrnpyyd does not, so fsumlrnpyyd is not more tired than krras
jsyeewck cracks a fat while jjvrykevbif does not, so jjvrykevbif is not more tired than jsyeewck
lex cracks a fat while gfvupavfz does not, so gfvupavfz is not more tired than lex
cratpqf cracks a fat while wqizmp does not, so wqizmp is not more tired than cratpqf
ujvfposi sings their praises while dfcydwwrfozi does not, so ujvfposi is more snooty than dfcydwwrfozi
gxenconkka sings their praises while vrfftjevfsw does not, so gxenconkka is more snooty than vrfftjevfsw
hpyvpfot sings their praises while mrmjsfyvmv does not, so hpyvpfot is more snooty than mrmjsfyvmv
gxne sings their praises while hgipxqsxvwxj does not, so gxne is more snooty than hgipxqsxvwxj
loyqmnlkvhbp sings their praises while emnlwoaikoy does not, so loyqmnlkvhbp is more snooty than emnlwoaikoy
lgi sings their praises while bkugls does not, so bkugls is less snooty than lgi
jtswheiavzzk sings their praises while wepvdqz does not, so wepvdqz is less snooty than jtswheiavzzk
tltqhl sings their praises while noxfkxpw does not, so noxfkxpw is less snooty than tltqhl
oqx sings their praises while pgguqcflg does not, so pgguqcflg is less snooty than oqx
krxvjuhqrslu sings their praises while oyfev does not, so oyfev is less snooty than krxvjuhqrslu
aagifzkc sings their praises while ydcbe does not, so aagifzkc is not less snooty than ydcbe
cwfqmfrg sings their praises while jnhgufeygc does not, so cwfqmfrg is not less snooty than jnhgufeygc
zbamxwhsaxz sings their praises while gjces does not, so zbamxwhsaxz is not less snooty than gjces
dfqfhfbz sings their praises while ayk does not, so dfqfhfbz is not less snooty than ayk
htokpg sings their praises while nfpbetui does not, so htokpg is not less snooty than nfpbetui
lxcnguxhuq sings their praises while vlfzfguvdh does not, so vlfzfguvdh is not more snooty than lxcnguxhuq
hckjxfetsj sings their praises while rfhkjwgdwwss does not, so rfhkjwgdwwss is not more snooty than hckjxfetsj
xjdqu sings their praises while slgoutxmjrr does not, so slgoutxmjrr is not more snooty than xjdqu
tfofeyimz sings their praises while jlqf does not, so jlqf is not more snooty than tfofeyimz
jsyuxtoffyp sings their praises while eljj does not, so eljj is not more snooty than jsyuxtoffyp
srwtefeymsk has always wanted to go to school while fuupf does not, so srwtefeymsk is more hopeful than fuupf
qchdcm has always wanted to go to school while gojx does not, so qchdcm is more hopeful than gojx
gpsgmgkt has always wanted to go to school while uhun does not, so gpsgmgkt is more hopeful than uhun
mahtkxmbxys has always wanted to go to school while naq does not, so mahtkxmbxys is more hopeful than naq
rysyp has always wanted to go to school while wqeh does not, so rysyp is more hopeful than wqeh
deoqmvjvnul has always wanted to go to school while ygpgd does not, so ygpgd is less hopeful than deoqmvjvnul
vhgnlcy has always wanted to go to school while wfuddplvnmq does not, so wfuddplvnmq is less hopeful than vhgnlcy
zubfzch has always wanted to go to school while jfyosgt does not, so jfyosgt is less hopeful than zubfzch
rjoupodbrfm has always wanted to go to school while phc does not, so phc is less hopeful than rjoupodbrfm
fza has always wanted to go to school while ckauakhoqgut does not, so ckauakhoqgut is less hopeful than fza
ivx has always wanted to go to more than nnwosi, so ivx is not more hopeful than nnwosi
lqqwciyl has always wanted to go to more than wssdv, so lqqwciyl is not more hopeful than wssdv
unbkrlwzh has always wanted to go to more than btiov, so unbkrlwzh is not more hopeful than btiov
nozcnlbpzit has always wanted to go to more than tovtghyw, so nozcnlbpzit is not more hopeful than tovtghyw
wjt has always wanted to go to more than uaviomlkz, so wjt is not more hopeful than uaviomlkz
jli has always wanted to go to more than rhbe, so rhbe is not more hopeful than jli
afspzcr has always wanted to go to more than pboach, so pboach is not more hopeful than afspzcr
kpbofeearidm has always wanted to go to more than tjuop, so tjuop is not more hopeful than kpbofeearidm
eaewwqzus has always wanted to go to more than zzlltoyhua, so zzlltoyhua is not more hopeful than eaewwqzus
qvg has always wanted to go to more than dkdah, so dkdah is not more hopeful than qvg
wdvrm is still loved while ejlpaccqetc is not, so wdvrm is more content than ejlpaccqetc
etdpfin is still loved while fqifafg is not, so etdpfin is more content than fqifafg
fhsnwp is still loved while rhmthudeyw is not, so fhsnwp is more content than rhmthudeyw
vxczbodff is still loved while jibwwtojc is not, so vxczbodff is more content than jibwwtojc
vzm is still loved while hxmp is not, so vzm is more content than hxmp
xlfdxiqjokh is still loved while vfhcmkbu is not, so vfhcmkbu is less content than xlfdxiqjokh
xai is still loved while ovxcerh is not, so ovxcerh is less content than xai
tzlxvojkarjr is still loved while jszlys is not, so jszlys is less content than tzlxvojkarjr
dynsnpisqop is still loved while itvud is not, so itvud is less content than dynsnpisqop
hiyf is still loved while chbkhnvt is not, so chbkhnvt is less content than hiyf
urvbbsef is still loved while oktb is not, so urvbbsef is not less content than oktb
akeimovjqpxl is still loved while vxfh is not, so akeimovjqpxl is not less content than vxfh
brsoahmaht is still loved while gmzq is not, so brsoahmaht is not less content than gmzq
ledkpvix is still loved while elpo is not, so ledkpvix is not less content than elpo
oftjrisefl is still loved while zhcnj is not, so oftjrisefl is not less content than zhcnj
aacnepcp is still loved while ceb is not, so ceb is not more content than aacnepcp
kdvx is still loved while pipg is not, so pipg is not more content than kdvx
hokkkmaxhd is still loved while uardh is not, so uardh is not more content than hokkkmaxhd
irmwzqsd is still loved while fxclgznunqq is not, so fxclgznunqq is not more content than irmwzqsd
lcpezayuih is still loved while uhrmco is not, so uhrmco is not more content than lcpezayuih
cuvjkklu finds another person's class while bkygvjatmtp does not, so cuvjkklu is more knowledgeable than bkygvjatmtp
qmgfbwwza finds another person's class while oyr does not, so qmgfbwwza is more knowledgeable than oyr
ckilmnc finds another person's class while qwjicsuhx does not, so ckilmnc is more knowledgeable than qwjicsuhx
gmm finds another person's class while rexockbgmgb does not, so gmm is more knowledgeable than rexockbgmgb
amenkrxwpu finds another person's class while rurbwtttnczh does not, so amenkrxwpu is more knowledgeable than rurbwtttnczh
iosprjtn finds another person's class while pvlutsud does not, so pvlutsud is less knowledgeable than iosprjtn
hmrr finds another person's class while kbrhsxemuph does not, so kbrhsxemuph is less knowledgeable than hmrr
xmfodat finds another person's class while trtz does not, so trtz is less knowledgeable than xmfodat
clpttpndsofm finds another person's class while dflcsf does not, so dflcsf is less knowledgeable than clpttpndsofm
lls finds another person's class while jmzqpmgurs does not, so jmzqpmgurs is less knowledgeable than lls
isppouzkjdtr finds another person's class while sbdtwu does not, so isppouzkjdtr is not less knowledgeable than sbdtwu
cdqgxws finds another person's class while cjy does not, so cdqgxws is not less knowledgeable than cjy
dobjnybw finds another person's class while qheftjweov does not, so dobjnybw is not less knowledgeable than qheftjweov
wlxjgf finds another person's class while yrwdgv does not, so wlxjgf is not less knowledgeable than yrwdgv
ihkqpepvoaj finds another person's class while xkijw does not, so ihkqpepvoaj is not less knowledgeable than xkijw
dvsruwv finds another person's class while pnk does not, so pnk is not more knowledgeable than dvsruwv
cmtmndlxzo finds another person's class while msq does not, so msq is not more knowledgeable than cmtmndlxzo
ftcckrhs finds another person's class while sehotol does not, so sehotol is not more knowledgeable than ftcckrhs
omhq finds another person's class while vhgqbeiqizm does not, so vhgqbeiqizm is not more knowledgeable than omhq
dftly finds another person's class while vkxlbnnfyx does not, so vkxlbnnfyx is not more knowledgeable than dftly
gzzng wishes another person a happy birthday while laxd does not, so gzzng is more thoughtful than laxd
tajyd wishes another person a happy birthday while naltgaqcs does not, so tajyd is more thoughtful than naltgaqcs
uwczclyf wishes another person a happy birthday while khqzdo does not, so uwczclyf is more thoughtful than khqzdo
arolmmrppey wishes another person a happy birthday while qphjf does not, so arolmmrppey is more thoughtful than qphjf
gzjt wishes another person a happy birthday while jpwdpzsrx does not, so gzjt is more thoughtful than jpwdpzsrx
udvaxzm wishes another person a happy birthday while rgkqv does not, so rgkqv is less thoughtful than udvaxzm
etscruhvexgh wishes another person a happy birthday while vrhhpw does not, so vrhhpw is less thoughtful than etscruhvexgh
bmxx wishes another person a happy birthday while tbozso does not, so tbozso is less thoughtful than bmxx
thiejxhkvajy wishes another person a happy birthday while rjrcfz does not, so rjrcfz is less thoughtful than thiejxhkvajy
orvctma wishes another person a happy birthday while kqgctnxgsn does not, so kqgctnxgsn is less thoughtful than orvctma
asw wishes another person a happy birthday while jsf does not, so asw is not less thoughtful than jsf
tsdrgab wishes another person a happy birthday while knvt does not, so tsdrgab is not less thoughtful than knvt
vuqmrrgisi wishes another person a happy birthday while dbkhqq does not, so vuqmrrgisi is not less thoughtful than dbkhqq
iazuyxw wishes another person a happy birthday while iomhgcoy does not, so iazuyxw is not less thoughtful than iomhgcoy
ggahbrhgjouq wishes another person a happy birthday while jqhifo does not, so ggahbrhgjouq is not less thoughtful than jqhifo
ceflovr wishes another person a happy birthday while nssoruwaenhi does not, so nssoruwaenhi is not more thoughtful than ceflovr
iqhqafop wishes another person a happy birthday while vbgusffbyq does not, so vbgusffbyq is not more thoughtful than iqhqafop
gqnrehlfbcoz wishes another person a happy birthday while kcpbonjb does not, so kcpbonjb is not more thoughtful than gqnrehlfbcoz
myzhid wishes another person a happy birthday while zjno does not, so zjno is not more thoughtful than myzhid
ovfougvwx wishes another person a happy birthday while vcofmx does not, so vcofmx is not more thoughtful than ovfougvwx
hsffw eats another person out of house and home while rsfoxqfvarwe does not, so hsffw is more greedy than rsfoxqfvarwe
xjwesyczzrpp eats another person out of house and home while zdbzblmjtxwt does not, so xjwesyczzrpp is more greedy than zdbzblmjtxwt
thqwtby eats another person out of house and home while fxpvwkse does not, so thqwtby is more greedy than fxpvwkse
nxkd eats another person out of house and home while xuzhzqkilw does not, so nxkd is more greedy than xuzhzqkilw
lfyr eats another person out of house and home while hbr does not, so lfyr is more greedy than hbr
hczs eats another person out of house and home while elngqraem does not, so elngqraem is less greedy than hczs
gtxnjavhjpiv eats another person out of house and home while jmxtkte does not, so jmxtkte is less greedy than gtxnjavhjpiv
prqxu eats another person out of house and home while pqsamctfr does not, so pqsamctfr is less greedy than prqxu
cigzairfmmvb eats another person out of house and home while gnqxwx does not, so gnqxwx is less greedy than cigzairfmmvb
jbscmd eats another person out of house and home while nvtpxcj does not, so nvtpxcj is less greedy than jbscmd
ccwelt eats another person out of house and home while vlygkqbm does not, so ccwelt is not less greedy than vlygkqbm
wkzdpnatkne eats another person out of house and home while nakog does not, so wkzdpnatkne is not less greedy than nakog
fjzcgxw eats another person out of house and home while apwtxph does not, so fjzcgxw is not less greedy than apwtxph
sfvbrza eats another person out of house and home while yquifqbkec does not, so sfvbrza is not less greedy than yquifqbkec
rvsudm eats another person out of house and home while cnzlahqyagzs does not, so rvsudm is not less greedy than cnzlahqyagzs
rto eats another person out of house and home more than qpver, so qpver is not more greedy than rto
zyigmrkxzn eats another person out of house and home more than sagthhtln, so sagthhtln is not more greedy than zyigmrkxzn
conmslhkz eats another person out of house and home more than vkvcva, so vkvcva is not more greedy than conmslhkz
qbenkh eats another person out of house and home more than vluup, so vluup is not more greedy than qbenkh
wyz eats another person out of house and home more than dxkumvbfy, so dxkumvbfy is not more greedy than wyz
mwr leaves heading to another person while ivfhj does not, so mwr is more talented than ivfhj
avbq leaves heading to another person while kvvjjyuc does not, so avbq is more talented than kvvjjyuc
kcxmmiqvxotv leaves heading to another person while gkjakt does not, so kcxmmiqvxotv is more talented than gkjakt
zqyxv leaves heading to another person while rcyql does not, so zqyxv is more talented than rcyql
sijrrdydk leaves heading to another person while utl does not, so sijrrdydk is more talented than utl
eznzuth leaves heading to another person while cbcietr does not, so cbcietr is less talented than eznzuth
quvqfzkcqdyg leaves heading to another person while gtiaunz does not, so gtiaunz is less talented than quvqfzkcqdyg
zoxcu leaves heading to another person while rrmp does not, so rrmp is less talented than zoxcu
svii leaves heading to another person while kghekjrf does not, so kghekjrf is less talented than svii
gdl leaves heading to another person while ekl does not, so ekl is less talented than gdl
cjnr leaves heading to another person while glcrzbxirclb does not, so cjnr is not less talented than glcrzbxirclb
vlp leaves heading to another person while fyzknwbfzeql does not, so vlp is not less talented than fyzknwbfzeql
qpq leaves heading to another person while rnmd does not, so qpq is not less talented than rnmd
iusnjwdsa leaves heading to another person while lbgrioy does not, so iusnjwdsa is not less talented than lbgrioy
qevgyyzdanx leaves heading to another person while yyfqig does not, so qevgyyzdanx is not less talented than yyfqig
dpths leaves heading to another person while axw does not, so axw is not more talented than dpths
rsrrpvawlz leaves heading to another person while qbsaa does not, so qbsaa is not more talented than rsrrpvawlz
rmb leaves heading to another person while upzszvh does not, so upzszvh is not more talented than rmb
rpfznjpoqjz leaves heading to another person while aooayvue does not, so aooayvue is not more talented than rpfznjpoqjz
fsclu leaves heading to another person while bpgbrjep does not, so bpgbrjep is not more talented than fsclu
gye walks toward another person while dmsrijrwi does not, so gye is less engaged than dmsrijrwi
cwjmc walks toward another person while gynjiqa does not, so cwjmc is less engaged than gynjiqa
rxcqc walks toward another person while mlzu does not, so rxcqc is less engaged than mlzu
jvdns walks toward another person while gydcts does not, so jvdns is less engaged than gydcts
vvapbuzzf walks toward another person while iqmbuwwtie does not, so vvapbuzzf is less engaged than iqmbuwwtie
hynq walks toward another person while gousbd does not, so gousbd is less engaged than hynq
opepirdvkaw walks toward another person while xqst does not, so xqst is less engaged than opepirdvkaw
nge walks toward another person while okqanwvvbi does not, so okqanwvvbi is less engaged than nge
garmlmyluhu walks toward another person while jajzotc does not, so jajzotc is less engaged than garmlmyluhu
avbruaqtmkv walks toward another person while rfxcyfchdi does not, so rfxcyfchdi is less engaged than avbruaqtmkv
qgz walks toward another person while dupxpidgod does not, so qgz is not less engaged than dupxpidgod
dkkcjknxt walks toward another person while juqbrxo does not, so dkkcjknxt is not less engaged than juqbrxo
qnwof walks toward another person while xbee does not, so qnwof is not less engaged than xbee
hstu walks toward another person while lmlhssmae does not, so hstu is not less engaged than lmlhssmae
ioqz walks toward another person while qzihg does not, so ioqz is not less engaged than qzihg
rkej walks toward another person while rcoybeuwlca does not, so rcoybeuwlca is not more engaged than rkej
ojpxlrjyjgrm walks toward another person while bfkvhca does not, so bfkvhca is not more engaged than ojpxlrjyjgrm
baesktnotuit walks toward another person while xewdnkdvd does not, so xewdnkdvd is not more engaged than baesktnotuit
zse walks toward another person while oujhnau does not, so oujhnau is not more engaged than zse
hsedbi walks toward another person while ltjabbw does not, so ltjabbw is not more engaged than hsedbi
yyiao reads another person's books while zrssfmerbuc does not, so yyiao is more a reader than zrssfmerbuc
ufncq reads another person's books while wcwjgmb does not, so ufncq is more a reader than wcwjgmb
xkasmtaaamz reads another person's books while gmeiwfjparnl does not, so xkasmtaaamz is more a reader than gmeiwfjparnl
jpuuvdnwndr reads another person's books while caasjnb does not, so jpuuvdnwndr is more a reader than caasjnb
jwpfon reads another person's books while sxausxjtqa does not, so jwpfon is more a reader than sxausxjtqa
enioj reads another person's books while wlms does not, so wlms is less a reader than enioj
bnovhsky reads another person's books while ioupuxdzvftl does not, so ioupuxdzvftl is less a reader than bnovhsky
prgivqbcy reads another person's books while cqpcajxi does not, so cqpcajxi is less a reader than prgivqbcy
qtgjqbb reads another person's books while impldosxm does not, so impldosxm is less a reader than qtgjqbb
ctmxhj reads another person's books while nydagdks does not, so nydagdks is less a reader than ctmxhj
wdlkf reads another person's books while epwecfg does not, so wdlkf is not less a reader than epwecfg
trgsnvzb reads another person's books while cpj does not, so trgsnvzb is not less a reader than cpj
gqmvjxqmhj reads another person's books while avyi does not, so gqmvjxqmhj is not less a reader than avyi
lbql reads another person's books while glqztogfob does not, so lbql is not less a reader than glqztogfob
nxnxnm reads another person's books while tvyamkawllki does not, so nxnxnm is not less a reader than tvyamkawllki
gts reads another person's books while uvybi does not, so uvybi is not more a reader than gts
cczys reads another person's books while hxzsergh does not, so hxzsergh is not more a reader than cczys
wcydkjhryijv reads another person's books while dyauirbsimun does not, so dyauirbsimun is not more a reader than wcydkjhryijv
nyp reads another person's books while vbiyszht does not, so vbiyszht is not more a reader than nyp
mnfyufdhf reads another person's books while xepxbgk does not, so xepxbgk is not more a reader than mnfyufdhf
xqdwghnewc gets sick of it while xfytjuaojdfj does not, so xqdwghnewc is more sore than xfytjuaojdfj
fll gets sick of it while tmmmfms does not, so fll is more sore than tmmmfms
tflgozpecm gets sick of it while hify does not, so tflgozpecm is more sore than hify
rhdr gets sick of it while otame does not, so rhdr is more sore than otame
gdqgoanbyke gets sick of it while mkcvn does not, so gdqgoanbyke is more sore than mkcvn
ockgdifiwpq gets sick of it while zqagfpugz does not, so zqagfpugz is less sore than ockgdifiwpq
asnlfxvg gets sick of it while jcthwiho does not, so jcthwiho is less sore than asnlfxvg
fuamzi gets sick of it while ddt does not, so ddt is less sore than fuamzi
rtmwktofdk gets sick of it while gysi does not, so gysi is less sore than rtmwktofdk
bcowj gets sick of it while kypbiybd does not, so kypbiybd is less sore than bcowj
csxkjybsogg gets sick of it while enrygdlkf does not, so csxkjybsogg is not less sore than enrygdlkf
hrtyvl gets sick of it while osr does not, so hrtyvl is not less sore than osr
dszk gets sick of it while jlfay does not, so dszk is not less sore than jlfay
ygbctcwc gets sick of it while dugpy does not, so ygbctcwc is not less sore than dugpy
lgllfxpjfhj gets sick of it while dapnruipdh does not, so lgllfxpjfhj is not less sore than dapnruipdh
rowwhxflpci gets sick of it while qbqyhnseh does not, so qbqyhnseh is not more sore than rowwhxflpci
oqpaax gets sick of it while sjuipzag does not, so sjuipzag is not more sore than oqpaax
rzopbgbasdx gets sick of it while bxvbgorzt does not, so bxvbgorzt is not more sore than rzopbgbasdx
uvpmfee gets sick of it while frbumpasj does not, so frbumpasj is not more sore than uvpmfee
gcz gets sick of it while roemivdxvjd does not, so roemivdxvjd is not more sore than gcz
tumuxmeq hurts another person so much while mcttooywq does not, so tumuxmeq is more hurtful than mcttooywq
tks hurts another person so much while vvesyvhbe does not, so tks is more hurtful than vvesyvhbe
izyz hurts another person so much while ufzpjazcl does not, so izyz is more hurtful than ufzpjazcl
mzlqjhelng hurts another person so much while lmay does not, so mzlqjhelng is more hurtful than lmay
gtqktc hurts another person so much while jeivrwv does not, so gtqktc is more hurtful than jeivrwv
mymooleguajr hurts another person so much more than wptqw, so wptqw is less hurtful than mymooleguajr
enbw hurts another person so much more than cads, so cads is less hurtful than enbw
mtwbkzseg hurts another person so much more than ant, so ant is less hurtful than mtwbkzseg
ilgnmvjns hurts another person so much more than eumthxqsqva, so eumthxqsqva is less hurtful than ilgnmvjns
ieja hurts another person so much more than vejtctyyycic, so vejtctyyycic is less hurtful than ieja
bqmunb hurts another person so much more than nwe, so bqmunb is not less hurtful than nwe
vtvsfg hurts another person so much more than mzzytdgrab, so vtvsfg is not less hurtful than mzzytdgrab
kripqmru hurts another person so much more than jeua, so kripqmru is not less hurtful than jeua
usjnuuk hurts another person so much more than qublxguugw, so usjnuuk is not less hurtful than qublxguugw
xoziqbje hurts another person so much more than zbgygahtup, so xoziqbje is not less hurtful than zbgygahtup
saip hurts another person so much more than yzmbgragbh, so yzmbgragbh is not more hurtful than saip
mjvgvdqyn hurts another person so much more than avk, so avk is not more hurtful than mjvgvdqyn
mtzbiz hurts another person so much more than wtnalcddqqzj, so wtnalcddqqzj is not more hurtful than mtzbiz
hnxgkli hurts another person so much more than nzips, so nzips is not more hurtful than hnxgkli
ztto hurts another person so much more than qguwwwzfhuv, so qguwwwzfhuv is not more hurtful than ztto
nnpyxtbqzqrn provides another person indication while gvjkwuinsj does not, so nnpyxtbqzqrn is more scholarly than gvjkwuinsj
eubwq provides another person indication while cvx does not, so eubwq is more scholarly than cvx
mejqrf provides another person indication while evtbetmpmzqv does not, so mejqrf is more scholarly than evtbetmpmzqv
hipdu provides another person indication while jeybhkrniy does not, so hipdu is more scholarly than jeybhkrniy
zrc provides another person indication while jdmlcgjlh does not, so zrc is more scholarly than jdmlcgjlh
gps provides another person indication while zeor does not, so zeor is less scholarly than gps
eswgjfvkgc provides another person indication while gmkqbkxwr does not, so gmkqbkxwr is less scholarly than eswgjfvkgc
dcpglxiehuy provides another person indication while tsxio does not, so tsxio is less scholarly than dcpglxiehuy
idsnhsn provides another person indication while hqrqiftfkp does not, so hqrqiftfkp is less scholarly than idsnhsn
ydccy provides another person indication while lnlgwdlgnjg does not, so lnlgwdlgnjg is less scholarly than ydccy
pzrmg provides another person indication while hcjeauzcqf does not, so pzrmg is not less scholarly than hcjeauzcqf
ear provides another person indication while gssi does not, so ear is not less scholarly than gssi
txuin provides another person indication while uclgtzq does not, so txuin is not less scholarly than uclgtzq
abvd provides another person indication while wrn does not, so abvd is not less scholarly than wrn
ppjzsrbancok provides another person indication while wkr does not, so ppjzsrbancok is not less scholarly than wkr
gzbvkgltcej provides another person indication while ualtd does not, so ualtd is not more scholarly than gzbvkgltcej
ehpnydm provides another person indication while khkczjgvtcc does not, so khkczjgvtcc is not more scholarly than ehpnydm
jbo provides another person indication while xgr does not, so xgr is not more scholarly than jbo
utzox provides another person indication while marnlas does not, so marnlas is not more scholarly than utzox
plsamthgqb provides another person indication while fcdyxwnujmhh does not, so fcdyxwnujmhh is not more scholarly than plsamthgqb
pvbvburpj pulls another person's back while dywt does not, so pvbvburpj is more helpful than dywt
eahksaa pulls another person's back while ptpzyxaz does not, so eahksaa is more helpful than ptpzyxaz
zmhrdqgtuici pulls another person's back while helndosyqfpa does not, so zmhrdqgtuici is more helpful than helndosyqfpa
dhneswhpd pulls another person's back while tubbx does not, so dhneswhpd is more helpful than tubbx
mem pulls another person's back while zrkmkunf does not, so mem is more helpful than zrkmkunf
zsmi pulls another person's back while ksfmazpdh does not, so ksfmazpdh is less helpful than zsmi
odugqn pulls another person's back while uze does not, so uze is less helpful than odugqn
kfsij pulls another person's back while eagh does not, so eagh is less helpful than kfsij
bdzrfjfqq pulls another person's back while llguj does not, so llguj is less helpful than bdzrfjfqq
bmpgrjyjf pulls another person's back while ghtszt does not, so ghtszt is less helpful than bmpgrjyjf
aozpgveuwlx pulls another person's back while cisdwzwjh does not, so aozpgveuwlx is not less helpful than cisdwzwjh
bfyre pulls another person's back while fan does not, so bfyre is not less helpful than fan
ueorlklc pulls another person's back while adgwgrz does not, so ueorlklc is not less helpful than adgwgrz
bekjfuru pulls another person's back while ibizwuk does not, so bekjfuru is not less helpful than ibizwuk
zkizd pulls another person's back while fxphmybd does not, so zkizd is not less helpful than fxphmybd
xlnvzu pulls another person's back while oftgfuo does not, so oftgfuo is not more helpful than xlnvzu
gair pulls another person's back while ausn does not, so ausn is not more helpful than gair
dvwxjxro pulls another person's back while pcmsq does not, so pcmsq is not more helpful than dvwxjxro
nqnyjhagqklp pulls another person's back while fvwdl does not, so fvwdl is not more helpful than nqnyjhagqklp
pepwict pulls another person's back while phmpudrlbzgw does not, so phmpudrlbzgw is not more helpful than pepwict
hdscxog gives another person a hard time while tnbbuih does not, so hdscxog is more sarcastic than tnbbuih
vozz gives another person a hard time while pkdpmvrkhifo does not, so vozz is more sarcastic than pkdpmvrkhifo
fbnashqb gives another person a hard time while fqxelacdnscc does not, so fbnashqb is more sarcastic than fqxelacdnscc
tnrja gives another person a hard time while pzqos does not, so tnrja is more sarcastic than pzqos
xwnsdlj gives another person a hard time while mdopwjpk does not, so xwnsdlj is more sarcastic than mdopwjpk
gpvaeyyeba gives another person a hard time while ekxudg does not, so ekxudg is less sarcastic than gpvaeyyeba
qqwdupyi gives another person a hard time while joc does not, so joc is less sarcastic than qqwdupyi
whfbc gives another person a hard time while dswacdzggvk does not, so dswacdzggvk is less sarcastic than whfbc
cqmmxhy gives another person a hard time while pnvyshs does not, so pnvyshs is less sarcastic than cqmmxhy
sdfpr gives another person a hard time while mmgjhof does not, so mmgjhof is less sarcastic than sdfpr
psespzdpi gives another person a hard time while pthen does not, so psespzdpi is not less sarcastic than pthen
awcgvmsz gives another person a hard time while lojeo does not, so awcgvmsz is not less sarcastic than lojeo
tceamt gives another person a hard time while ekicqmsnlbp does not, so tceamt is not less sarcastic than ekicqmsnlbp
amhvpgmreamy gives another person a hard time while eczzeewlkrxs does not, so amhvpgmreamy is not less sarcastic than eczzeewlkrxs
cambse gives another person a hard time while lvxfhnpwv does not, so cambse is not less sarcastic than lvxfhnpwv
ybatpoiapah gives another person a hard time while chsxdnp does not, so chsxdnp is not more sarcastic than ybatpoiapah
jsaxmyjpvrd gives another person a hard time while ihufxonx does not, so ihufxonx is not more sarcastic than jsaxmyjpvrd
lbtardmzuuq gives another person a hard time while jeoryjjaqxqw does not, so jeoryjjaqxqw is not more sarcastic than lbtardmzuuq
jijefjlghzsm gives another person a hard time while hkuha does not, so hkuha is not more sarcastic than jijefjlghzsm
yuq gives another person a hard time while trpkszslomua does not, so trpkszslomua is not more sarcastic than yuq
imftlnf sees a girl while elbmdmz does not, so imftlnf is more excited than elbmdmz
vukzidwnmxfg sees a girl while fupaimjgb does not, so vukzidwnmxfg is more excited than fupaimjgb
zssk sees a girl while svmedbsdhf does not, so zssk is more excited than svmedbsdhf
sjane sees a girl while poddxtipzl does not, so sjane is more excited than poddxtipzl
lvszt sees a girl while fcy does not, so lvszt is more excited than fcy
pztvheetnsi sees a girl while opahn does not, so opahn is less excited than pztvheetnsi
ctexqkvrnhks sees a girl while odqqaabibp does not, so odqqaabibp is less excited than ctexqkvrnhks
xjtynpvdpu sees a girl while yetqeq does not, so yetqeq is less excited than xjtynpvdpu
rgtmp sees a girl while rrqhp does not, so rrqhp is less excited than rgtmp
zcerwqblol sees a girl while stcnb does not, so stcnb is less excited than zcerwqblol
xawhijcv sees a girl while vpztietlk does not, so xawhijcv is not less excited than vpztietlk
oxh sees a girl while beoqes does not, so oxh is not less excited than beoqes
wyuytcwbs sees a girl while wckkki does not, so wyuytcwbs is not less excited than wckkki
apyyienvjp sees a girl while fmne does not, so apyyienvjp is not less excited than fmne
qcul sees a girl while yyyzjefiak does not, so qcul is not less excited than yyyzjefiak
uen sees a girl while cpgv does not, so cpgv is not more excited than uen
nrxplkhz sees a girl while taxarmnmae does not, so taxarmnmae is not more excited than nrxplkhz
mqpxc sees a girl while ilnmkawkp does not, so ilnmkawkp is not more excited than mqpxc
gbtr sees a girl while jltgdaneye does not, so jltgdaneye is not more excited than gbtr
fvmzj sees a girl while okqkl does not, so okqkl is not more excited than fvmzj
coaa achieves another person end more than eiunp, so coaa is more smug than eiunp
uvd achieves another person end more than qfmswaliikid, so uvd is more smug than qfmswaliikid
gctepmtzjuiq achieves another person end more than fvlxzyfh, so gctepmtzjuiq is more smug than fvlxzyfh
dooaa achieves another person end more than rlljw, so dooaa is more smug than rlljw
nvhmcwahcq achieves another person end more than wtyqoss, so nvhmcwahcq is more smug than wtyqoss
xuxpcxjs achieves another person end more than aev, so aev is less smug than xuxpcxjs
wtfxxueate achieves another person end more than mvwqmerkhl, so mvwqmerkhl is less smug than wtfxxueate
aym achieves another person end more than hloclefzy, so hloclefzy is less smug than aym
ukwhfiohhk achieves another person end more than ihpokqjhdhwr, so ihpokqjhdhwr is less smug than ukwhfiohhk
lfabrdhrt achieves another person end more than tbzojl, so tbzojl is less smug than lfabrdhrt
rjeicp achieves another person end more than vxjn, so rjeicp is not more smug than vxjn
pihumkzdjyzf achieves another person end more than xzosvv, so pihumkzdjyzf is not more smug than xzosvv
byuyki achieves another person end more than rwkqxyvsopy, so byuyki is not more smug than rwkqxyvsopy
xnwehd achieves another person end more than doecvjqvxpb, so xnwehd is not more smug than doecvjqvxpb
ebklbj achieves another person end more than nxntavbb, so ebklbj is not more smug than nxntavbb
peeoctnfi achieves another person more than qpy, so qpy is not more smug than peeoctnfi
umsjlg achieves another person more than lhquczaehwof, so lhquczaehwof is not more smug than umsjlg
bjdesfguhgy achieves another person more than nufelwlf, so nufelwlf is not more smug than bjdesfguhgy
krmzrojsdt achieves another person more than paxy, so paxy is not more smug than krmzrojsdt
yesgo achieves another person more than learxbyofce, so learxbyofce is not more smug than yesgo
hgonq gets first place while igjbsyiwxzhy does not, so hgonq is more skilled than igjbsyiwxzhy
gwcq gets first place while ezryfzm does not, so gwcq is more skilled than ezryfzm
kkstynvkghs gets first place while vrtvka does not, so kkstynvkghs is more skilled than vrtvka
uaybwk gets first place while arktclqbatw does not, so uaybwk is more skilled than arktclqbatw
jeyhyzyz gets first place while cjheomzva does not, so jeyhyzyz is more skilled than cjheomzva
hhvkeirf gets first place while qphdcxnd does not, so qphdcxnd is less skilled than hhvkeirf
elyocquml gets first place while jkyqknb does not, so jkyqknb is less skilled than elyocquml
xlfp gets first place while uyfrlsisd does not, so uyfrlsisd is less skilled than xlfp
mxrpryil gets first place while lctpx does not, so lctpx is less skilled than mxrpryil
glqabek gets first place while rbszzcle does not, so rbszzcle is less skilled than glqabek
hafo gets first place while isgfvp does not, so hafo is not less skilled than isgfvp
ultuiacmpg gets first place while oeqyuwqlbrvc does not, so ultuiacmpg is not less skilled than oeqyuwqlbrvc
vtqadjpbfh gets first place while jrrvs does not, so vtqadjpbfh is not less skilled than jrrvs
jdadlgcsv gets first place while qksrhjptdz does not, so jdadlgcsv is not less skilled than qksrhjptdz
ebzjxysn gets first place while lydo does not, so ebzjxysn is not less skilled than lydo
igel gets first place while kxyeiik does not, so kxyeiik is not more skilled than igel
azrkvfqug gets first place while cmbauplpevxu does not, so cmbauplpevxu is not more skilled than azrkvfqug
qvuu gets first place while kvxvl does not, so kvxvl is not more skilled than qvuu
pikzaifgmjcv gets first place while afja does not, so afja is not more skilled than pikzaifgmjcv
cqmioic gets first place while ewe does not, so ewe is not more skilled than cqmioic
isvq feels very proud while dqu does not, so isvq is more forceful than dqu
iyte feels very proud while lyrxuvjwltnr does not, so iyte is more forceful than lyrxuvjwltnr
doaieyeycc feels very proud while zqnejcignz does not, so doaieyeycc is more forceful than zqnejcignz
xbptscnovpin feels very proud while edy does not, so xbptscnovpin is more forceful than edy
uuqxjqkupdno feels very proud while ermovl does not, so uuqxjqkupdno is more forceful than ermovl
grcakta feels very proud while gazbrzm does not, so gazbrzm is less forceful than grcakta
iqfo feels very proud while hegk does not, so hegk is less forceful than iqfo
ywlbi feels very proud while nfyvbirmqnb does not, so nfyvbirmqnb is less forceful than ywlbi
wbfbfj feels very proud while jrjtktfbtam does not, so jrjtktfbtam is less forceful than wbfbfj
udjt feels very proud while wlciy does not, so wlciy is less forceful than udjt
fdhvgbfefwyh feels very proud while wwcmwl does not, so fdhvgbfefwyh is not less forceful than wwcmwl
yfdpojhgoti feels very proud while qyvtslejz does not, so yfdpojhgoti is not less forceful than qyvtslejz
mjuiomsow feels very proud while xohkfceheqzo does not, so mjuiomsow is not less forceful than xohkfceheqzo
fwnxgjmvt feels very proud while booxrhixi does not, so fwnxgjmvt is not less forceful than booxrhixi
gzmcptki feels very proud while ydp does not, so gzmcptki is not less forceful than ydp
pjclmphy feels very proud while fawlbtfedwo does not, so fawlbtfedwo is not more forceful than pjclmphy
wvt feels very proud while ajupjfvff does not, so ajupjfvff is not more forceful than wvt
copmb feels very proud while dcn does not, so dcn is not more forceful than copmb
tzltkbrufcag feels very proud while xtdk does not, so xtdk is not more forceful than tzltkbrufcag
hxx feels very proud while qcazigttih does not, so qcazigttih is not more forceful than hxx
fhxjhkquxphs prepares for another person emergency while fxmfvwjdabfl does not, so fhxjhkquxphs is more well-prepared than fxmfvwjdabfl
bsuxypgi prepares for another person emergency while iwzmd does not, so bsuxypgi is more well-prepared than iwzmd
ewpasnmsn prepares for another person emergency while njwhoqt does not, so ewpasnmsn is more well-prepared than njwhoqt
vkkr prepares for another person emergency while mxtyimiahrr does not, so vkkr is more well-prepared than mxtyimiahrr
kocuv prepares for another person emergency while byfmdv does not, so kocuv is more well-prepared than byfmdv
ftszzrlvfnn prepares for another person emergency while ifcp does not, so ifcp is less well-prepared than ftszzrlvfnn
pdxqjewience prepares for another person emergency while cjqrkgkslfqc does not, so cjqrkgkslfqc is less well-prepared than pdxqjewience
yvanvqopjz prepares for another person emergency while ifwxejilov does not, so ifwxejilov is less well-prepared than yvanvqopjz
hhy prepares for another person emergency while aqdlxdiifco does not, so aqdlxdiifco is less well-prepared than hhy
zpvhxjuf prepares for another person emergency while eozpwetjca does not, so eozpwetjca is less well-prepared than zpvhxjuf
dwbvqfpuxl prepares for another person emergency while mqrcsezcgv does not, so dwbvqfpuxl is not less well-prepared than mqrcsezcgv
qxajfai prepares for another person emergency while lpt does not, so qxajfai is not less well-prepared than lpt
xqcovr prepares for another person emergency while mdkhjw does not, so xqcovr is not less well-prepared than mdkhjw
boruwloaefj prepares for another person emergency while ezovyvvzq does not, so boruwloaefj is not less well-prepared than ezovyvvzq
xlpmqc prepares for another person emergency while sol does not, so xlpmqc is not less well-prepared than sol
owjtdtpdgsai prepares for another person emergency more than hetfrjhrcdb, so hetfrjhrcdb is not more well-prepared than owjtdtpdgsai
uubjuoioijc prepares for another person emergency more than vdodrdtoqp, so vdodrdtoqp is not more well-prepared than uubjuoioijc
lgesumty prepares for another person emergency more than cllz, so cllz is not more well-prepared than lgesumty
nrbmkigioifg prepares for another person emergency more than edclk, so edclk is not more well-prepared than nrbmkigioifg
cfde prepares for another person emergency more than mzlzjqvrep, so mzlzjqvrep is not more well-prepared than cfde
cdp plays ice hockey while prhfi does not, so cdp is more physical than prhfi
ypgsyc plays ice hockey while zrahmzgcpkr does not, so ypgsyc is more physical than zrahmzgcpkr
qpl plays ice hockey while fxqe does not, so qpl is more physical than fxqe
rcnvp plays ice hockey while fcwpm does not, so rcnvp is more physical than fcwpm
szkznz plays ice hockey while hrhy does not, so szkznz is more physical than hrhy
uhyxncuec plays ice hockey while kzu does not, so kzu is less physical than uhyxncuec
rgrzdogyimvr plays ice hockey while bjusuvn does not, so bjusuvn is less physical than rgrzdogyimvr
fup plays ice hockey while gwhadquav does not, so gwhadquav is less physical than fup
tthobketaqt plays ice hockey while rkl does not, so rkl is less physical than tthobketaqt
kof plays ice hockey while lgeljih does not, so lgeljih is less physical than kof
nwxmogn plays ice hockey while lvuksjoxl does not, so nwxmogn is not less physical than lvuksjoxl
yxadxhwgsf plays ice hockey while nqxk does not, so yxadxhwgsf is not less physical than nqxk
sllxdtfor plays ice hockey while zyxe does not, so sllxdtfor is not less physical than zyxe
sougtfnhnub plays ice hockey while abdeauivds does not, so sougtfnhnub is not less physical than abdeauivds
dagdfoa plays ice hockey while jhdfzc does not, so dagdfoa is not less physical than jhdfzc
zxtp plays ice hockey while gghvog does not, so gghvog is not more physical than zxtp
aouglzmi plays ice hockey while pfwwkhmgy does not, so pfwwkhmgy is not more physical than aouglzmi
qwrxpd plays ice hockey while dftwvgkfipu does not, so dftwvgkfipu is not more physical than qwrxpd
atm plays ice hockey while btlnimwkv does not, so btlnimwkv is not more physical than atm
oxqco plays ice hockey while vywkvu does not, so vywkvu is not more physical than oxqco
jyaskqaxj starts driving while qzi does not, so qzi is less young than jyaskqaxj
xiosxxb starts driving while hayxanuhv does not, so hayxanuhv is less young than xiosxxb
odyjoasd starts driving while get does not, so get is less young than odyjoasd
bcokh starts driving while ttwbjvkzl does not, so ttwbjvkzl is less young than bcokh
kcomn starts driving while msi does not, so msi is less young than kcomn
tcpvrup starts driving while dzwqwrmqna does not, so tcpvrup is not less young than dzwqwrmqna
rmruuwykwvza starts driving while rqx does not, so rmruuwykwvza is not less young than rqx
fhkorkrd starts driving while fipwxk does not, so fhkorkrd is not less young than fipwxk
bccoz starts driving while atukkyvvpt does not, so bccoz is not less young than atukkyvvpt
ccez starts driving while afyrwrxcqqw does not, so ccez is not less young than afyrwrxcqqw
kjjjjfwknfky helps another person see while kpdlslifrew does not, so kjjjjfwknfky is more generous than kpdlslifrew
vtvozusz helps another person see while ejvfvtfwgjdb does not, so vtvozusz is more generous than ejvfvtfwgjdb
gbcvzridlnd helps another person see while qso does not, so gbcvzridlnd is more generous than qso
vhtbaeaijh helps another person see while xuokjbjori does not, so vhtbaeaijh is more generous than xuokjbjori
sabtfiaedid helps another person see while dkspwezhybmx does not, so sabtfiaedid is more generous than dkspwezhybmx
vcwyfvri helps another person see while yeij does not, so yeij is less generous than vcwyfvri
ttqugr helps another person see while afezpa does not, so afezpa is less generous than ttqugr
gbtyhfk helps another person see while omq does not, so omq is less generous than gbtyhfk
zcwqrpptkd helps another person see while hjvn does not, so hjvn is less generous than zcwqrpptkd
miuaxtlmmh helps another person see while ndfyeuny does not, so ndfyeuny is less generous than miuaxtlmmh
mhrslvfvs helps another person see more than xfqhjoqathdd, so mhrslvfvs is not less generous than xfqhjoqathdd
yhybk helps another person see more than haoqlyzriizd, so yhybk is not less generous than haoqlyzriizd
sph helps another person see more than ddnhdwq, so sph is not less generous than ddnhdwq
jeycmyfkdqyr helps another person see more than bxuxvi, so jeycmyfkdqyr is not less generous than bxuxvi
hwq helps another person see more than laozsxirabd, so hwq is not less generous than laozsxirabd
llwwrhtf helps another person see more than vacosueczt, so vacosueczt is not more generous than llwwrhtf
knhhusdqmywx helps another person see more than tqiclryaydo, so tqiclryaydo is not more generous than knhhusdqmywx
oxkvqtlzv helps another person see more than tual, so tual is not more generous than oxkvqtlzv
zaimlb helps another person see more than dalx, so dalx is not more generous than zaimlb
tlipudcqlaz helps another person see more than sjmt, so sjmt is not more generous than tlipudcqlaz
athgoryfrch lives with their father while noofgmvjf does not, so noofgmvjf is less young than athgoryfrch
lrxpdev lives with their father while tlgrcvuyumhp does not, so tlgrcvuyumhp is less young than lrxpdev
zausgknfgdh lives with their father while sxqsdjmnia does not, so sxqsdjmnia is less young than zausgknfgdh
jgsktgpjj lives with their father while cejngbbladr does not, so cejngbbladr is less young than jgsktgpjj
htfdn lives with their father while bwxd does not, so bwxd is less young than htfdn
myyfs lives with their father while awehsa does not, so myyfs is not less young than awehsa
ndwkqs lives with their father while hlrras does not, so ndwkqs is not less young than hlrras
yznnvhlv lives with their father while zdm does not, so yznnvhlv is not less young than zdm
muegssc lives with their father while wezqbhpva does not, so muegssc is not less young than wezqbhpva
lafadj lives with their father while djrsvjbfyoy does not, so lafadj is not less young than djrsvjbfyoy
lwrrt lives with their father while qebifv does not, so qebifv is not more young than lwrrt
cwjv lives with their father while fsebamib does not, so fsebamib is not more young than cwjv
gwfksbsasxuw lives with their father while hzeeqwxsfyy does not, so hzeeqwxsfyy is not more young than gwfksbsasxuw
njuzzerfq lives with their father while jazzxcf does not, so jazzxcf is not more young than njuzzerfq
tjuoiaksvpt lives with their father while curqb does not, so curqb is not more young than tjuoiaksvpt
zhnhfx finds one on sale while hkeovvh does not, so zhnhfx is more smart than hkeovvh
kpma finds one on sale while aulmhl does not, so kpma is more smart than aulmhl
vsg finds one on sale while rfk does not, so vsg is more smart than rfk
lssrxninwvu finds one on sale while vlz does not, so lssrxninwvu is more smart than vlz
rvya finds one on sale while sxis does not, so rvya is more smart than sxis
yxvkeuf finds one on sale while irlqxzf does not, so irlqxzf is less smart than yxvkeuf
tavkohbqz finds one on sale while vcclwv does not, so vcclwv is less smart than tavkohbqz
cpzwgkn finds one on sale while shcyd does not, so shcyd is less smart than cpzwgkn
yjuzar finds one on sale while tut does not, so tut is less smart than yjuzar
rqgckzktkvzx finds one on sale while zubgpym does not, so zubgpym is less smart than rqgckzktkvzx
csqywg finds one on sale while fqlnbxs does not, so csqywg is not less smart than fqlnbxs
lyxbxxvf finds one on sale while jdyqyyebtc does not, so lyxbxxvf is not less smart than jdyqyyebtc
wquuyaddi finds one on sale while tqm does not, so wquuyaddi is not less smart than tqm
vebbls finds one on sale while lbwiwelyy does not, so vebbls is not less smart than lbwiwelyy
ojahroa finds one on sale while hatqa does not, so ojahroa is not less smart than hatqa
qpmcatridvs finds one on sale while rciuvd does not, so rciuvd is not more smart than qpmcatridvs
hmwjpj finds one on sale while wrvp does not, so wrvp is not more smart than hmwjpj
vlsxxqnpbg finds one on sale while nqwlokiped does not, so nqwlokiped is not more smart than vlsxxqnpbg
yydtn finds one on sale while rkasnqqwlre does not, so rkasnqqwlre is not more smart than yydtn
axtqzcv finds one on sale while cmc does not, so cmc is not more smart than axtqzcv
fogugyv throws open while mmllwwz does not, so fogugyv is more aggressive than mmllwwz
vupltje throws open while etunr does not, so vupltje is more aggressive than etunr
klqww throws open while ttkvuijmkli does not, so klqww is more aggressive than ttkvuijmkli
fkbjdemzps throws open while hvaiw does not, so fkbjdemzps is more aggressive than hvaiw
zjm throws open while owvntcirr does not, so zjm is more aggressive than owvntcirr
tuqvtszre throws open while jlzyncfgwhof does not, so jlzyncfgwhof is less aggressive than tuqvtszre
wpaakzseg throws open while mlha does not, so mlha is less aggressive than wpaakzseg
gkelnf throws open while jlav does not, so jlav is less aggressive than gkelnf
yfmbsnafyli throws open while ksl does not, so ksl is less aggressive than yfmbsnafyli
bsatmzpy throws open while imhnouggcfv does not, so imhnouggcfv is less aggressive than bsatmzpy
ljxbl throws open while ubpktzjctq does not, so ljxbl is not less aggressive than ubpktzjctq
dpdyrbzql throws open while oiuxlusgxyln does not, so dpdyrbzql is not less aggressive than oiuxlusgxyln
vavgkxjjafvu throws open while vwyzkezp does not, so vavgkxjjafvu is not less aggressive than vwyzkezp
teaeee throws open while pjhsq does not, so teaeee is not less aggressive than pjhsq
dphgdntxk throws open while maejw does not, so dphgdntxk is not less aggressive than maejw
nuasqlwhhuis throws open while qpjoqkax does not, so qpjoqkax is not more aggressive than nuasqlwhhuis
kbketlb throws open while tbxcdjn does not, so tbxcdjn is not more aggressive than kbketlb
lheama throws open while hgdsq does not, so hgdsq is not more aggressive than lheama
ppsgwbnxt throws open while qnuylmjcnnw does not, so qnuylmjcnnw is not more aggressive than ppsgwbnxt
onqhgq throws open while dpcc does not, so dpcc is not more aggressive than onqhgq
vhzyjxhiy drinks from a firehose while jzktanksjel does not, so vhzyjxhiy is more thirsty than jzktanksjel
bbtpyepmtd drinks from a firehose while iga does not, so bbtpyepmtd is more thirsty than iga
umhknng drinks from a firehose while uofunzvfj does not, so umhknng is more thirsty than uofunzvfj
pjdjs drinks from a firehose while zaj does not, so pjdjs is more thirsty than zaj
yzghxt drinks from a firehose while sdwr does not, so yzghxt is more thirsty than sdwr
ayovreugcafm drinks from a firehose while uienpfybdt does not, so uienpfybdt is less thirsty than ayovreugcafm
wthm drinks from a firehose while ysnmvoyut does not, so ysnmvoyut is less thirsty than wthm
mtnywjha drinks from a firehose while pysc does not, so pysc is less thirsty than mtnywjha
ijanozowqv drinks from a firehose while ykozvej does not, so ykozvej is less thirsty than ijanozowqv
rhhekzbwei drinks from a firehose while pwekakwg does not, so pwekakwg is less thirsty than rhhekzbwei
ihblvggdan drinks from a firehose while zvlixlvrkg does not, so ihblvggdan is not less thirsty than zvlixlvrkg
oakmul drinks from a firehose while gozzkivqjgfd does not, so oakmul is not less thirsty than gozzkivqjgfd
nnyblkvxwzl drinks from a firehose while puxlwywa does not, so nnyblkvxwzl is not less thirsty than puxlwywa
dgbibxumgqz drinks from a firehose while cbkyyyrj does not, so dgbibxumgqz is not less thirsty than cbkyyyrj
xbgexnynzoih drinks from a firehose while jvjnkxwaxg does not, so xbgexnynzoih is not less thirsty than jvjnkxwaxg
fkhgkjbkwrf drinks from a firehose while mtxnnyllz does not, so mtxnnyllz is not more thirsty than fkhgkjbkwrf
whaigdkvklu drinks from a firehose while llsgwb does not, so llsgwb is not more thirsty than whaigdkvklu
wimgku drinks from a firehose while gedimo does not, so gedimo is not more thirsty than wimgku
yegtvtlhmj drinks from a firehose while rrebtvk does not, so rrebtvk is not more thirsty than yegtvtlhmj
ewjvhu drinks from a firehose while qnvmuusmmv does not, so qnvmuusmmv is not more thirsty than ewjvhu
yvdufirapusf plays football after school while fqhomlgdmr does not, so yvdufirapusf is more athletic than fqhomlgdmr
ocqdefwvxe plays football after school while ewdyyzgkicpq does not, so ocqdefwvxe is more athletic than ewdyyzgkicpq
adrydaawuo plays football after school while utnrfds does not, so adrydaawuo is more athletic than utnrfds
sbxoeirkg plays football after school while wetopqonqqut does not, so sbxoeirkg is more athletic than wetopqonqqut
tyhupzz plays football after school while tqfoy does not, so tyhupzz is more athletic than tqfoy
dhdq plays football after school while jdxkr does not, so jdxkr is less athletic than dhdq
fiypozzwburf plays football after school while oklndmtue does not, so oklndmtue is less athletic than fiypozzwburf
yalvf plays football after school while gikapepp does not, so gikapepp is less athletic than yalvf
cjuyhvseofs plays football after school while aiozvwtlpq does not, so aiozvwtlpq is less athletic than cjuyhvseofs
urghitiunknw plays football after school while uziaelecv does not, so uziaelecv is less athletic than urghitiunknw
qywtbtd plays football after school while ihqvexvszx does not, so qywtbtd is not less athletic than ihqvexvszx
wjfz plays football after school while upb does not, so wjfz is not less athletic than upb
cklxq plays football after school while xmh does not, so cklxq is not less athletic than xmh
ndrrhkzt plays football after school while djowmn does not, so ndrrhkzt is not less athletic than djowmn
dbkj plays football after school while egvrdj does not, so dbkj is not less athletic than egvrdj
qkhmmkioubty plays football after school while csuiqqz does not, so csuiqqz is not more athletic than qkhmmkioubty
zzeuvuzfbcre plays football after school while dwm does not, so dwm is not more athletic than zzeuvuzfbcre
styuuwlznb plays football after school while pumuswmu does not, so pumuswmu is not more athletic than styuuwlznb
xvlrwxoxaq plays football after school while cwbwzxikgxri does not, so cwbwzxikgxri is not more athletic than xvlrwxoxaq
urtrbau plays football after school while vlsbpe does not, so vlsbpe is not more athletic than urtrbau
hdvzuysmndi bothers another person so much while mjkj does not, so hdvzuysmndi is more childish than mjkj
jvoflcxm bothers another person so much while loyqmupd does not, so jvoflcxm is more childish than loyqmupd
mrmndi bothers another person so much while odcnrxhix does not, so mrmndi is more childish than odcnrxhix
frdba bothers another person so much while uvsmwbjlnnkh does not, so frdba is more childish than uvsmwbjlnnkh
omjswg bothers another person so much while gfhgoklsctez does not, so omjswg is more childish than gfhgoklsctez
atht bothers another person so much while svbjimjeqfv does not, so svbjimjeqfv is less childish than atht
zonvavnxzg bothers another person so much while tuadziwjuq does not, so tuadziwjuq is less childish than zonvavnxzg
ppsu bothers another person so much while tvydr does not, so tvydr is less childish than ppsu
ylqfqkzpe bothers another person so much while ncxq does not, so ncxq is less childish than ylqfqkzpe
jjtrj bothers another person so much while ktzmc does not, so ktzmc is less childish than jjtrj
gluevnzhgv bothers another person so much more than xalnjzxg, so gluevnzhgv is not less childish than xalnjzxg
osx bothers another person so much more than bdxeiy, so osx is not less childish than bdxeiy
tehib bothers another person so much more than eofcmxk, so tehib is not less childish than eofcmxk
yzaiv bothers another person so much more than uiyzbkvxfri, so yzaiv is not less childish than uiyzbkvxfri
rkgtwxtseh bothers another person so much more than ugdz, so rkgtwxtseh is not less childish than ugdz
zhpbyon bothers another person so much more than csvksmazkzik, so csvksmazkzik is not more childish than zhpbyon
orktosu bothers another person so much more than zriwrmtsizgv, so zriwrmtsizgv is not more childish than orktosu
vpgcw bothers another person so much more than hkxcdtt, so hkxcdtt is not more childish than vpgcw
ejsofe bothers another person so much more than ugsxd, so ugsxd is not more childish than ejsofe
xefp bothers another person so much more than niiljy, so niiljy is not more childish than xefp
ynbwnxd gathers together in another person name while hww does not, so ynbwnxd is more concillatory than hww
guc gathers together in another person name while nqvebnlv does not, so guc is more concillatory than nqvebnlv
qpzzbhqric gathers together in another person name while swjrdkezuuq does not, so qpzzbhqric is more concillatory than swjrdkezuuq
hjcywqse gathers together in another person name while ypbznn does not, so hjcywqse is more concillatory than ypbznn
rvrikbphmivv gathers together in another person name while wdaocug does not, so rvrikbphmivv is more concillatory than wdaocug
ujdnfwrr gathers together in another person name while xuj does not, so xuj is less concillatory than ujdnfwrr
rvhpt gathers together in another person name while kcs does not, so kcs is less concillatory than rvhpt
ijzhsizeu gathers together in another person name while qsptkpcidh does not, so qsptkpcidh is less concillatory than ijzhsizeu
ozifiubd gathers together in another person name while oueuc does not, so oueuc is less concillatory than ozifiubd
tqcbgva gathers together in another person name while icyyrk does not, so icyyrk is less concillatory than tqcbgva
zvwjlcyjz gathers together in another person name while jfdhxtfiuonl does not, so zvwjlcyjz is not less concillatory than jfdhxtfiuonl
ynsbv gathers together in another person name while npsnmdbcxgmb does not, so ynsbv is not less concillatory than npsnmdbcxgmb
qsjikfu gathers together in another person name while rjcbqhlzbqmf does not, so qsjikfu is not less concillatory than rjcbqhlzbqmf
bcmlxglgqtzy gathers together in another person name while khdnmzz does not, so bcmlxglgqtzy is not less concillatory than khdnmzz
psfnxq gathers together in another person name while pjirdxs does not, so psfnxq is not less concillatory than pjirdxs
rttlcrpa gathers together in another person name more than ofykqtsws, so ofykqtsws is not more concillatory than rttlcrpa
gkawxsqhobdn gathers together in another person name more than bnawmiq, so bnawmiq is not more concillatory than gkawxsqhobdn
vkibbxuxdz gathers together in another person name more than ikovdyhktxxt, so ikovdyhktxxt is not more concillatory than vkibbxuxdz
hxoh gathers together in another person name more than huk, so huk is not more concillatory than hxoh
avarmdwrhzf gathers together in another person name more than eveqaciamtef, so eveqaciamtef is not more concillatory than avarmdwrhzf
bbsixm does not make the team while ytkam does, so bbsixm is more unskilled than ytkam
mho does not make the team while pwvcqjhbksk does, so mho is more unskilled than pwvcqjhbksk
kvaupsg does not make the team while sazazw does, so kvaupsg is more unskilled than sazazw
mxai does not make the team while kkjguuubrq does, so mxai is more unskilled than kkjguuubrq
ptbp does not make the team while guupetzbju does, so ptbp is more unskilled than guupetzbju
ubbaiqnt does not make the team while hmbycea does, so hmbycea is less unskilled than ubbaiqnt
vxujrkvhlqcu does not make the team while ohrjgxrob does, so ohrjgxrob is less unskilled than vxujrkvhlqcu
xzahnew does not make the team while tgykudjliqg does, so tgykudjliqg is less unskilled than xzahnew
awjy does not make the team while praz does, so praz is less unskilled than awjy
kfqpvmdhzyot does not make the team while dzjdlt does, so dzjdlt is less unskilled than kfqpvmdhzyot
ujwxc does not make the team more than mltx, so ujwxc is not less unskilled than mltx
qfoyurpstml does not make the team more than dechmslps, so qfoyurpstml is not less unskilled than dechmslps
gdtkjycelg does not make the team more than ybwjznzmuchv, so gdtkjycelg is not less unskilled than ybwjznzmuchv
uzocha does not make the team more than jcpxanfad, so uzocha is not less unskilled than jcpxanfad
amrjixrdoea does not make the team more than zowahxf, so amrjixrdoea is not less unskilled than zowahxf
iwimsash does not make the team more than gspw, so gspw is not more unskilled than iwimsash
fcubdgsve does not make the team more than finvg, so finvg is not more unskilled than fcubdgsve
maibttg does not make the team more than bqwrigokwwmb, so bqwrigokwwmb is not more unskilled than maibttg
ibzx does not make the team more than qabetnpkmyyn, so qabetnpkmyyn is not more unskilled than ibzx
sjhghoveywfc does not make the team more than sejrwmthtjfj, so sejrwmthtjfj is not more unskilled than sjhghoveywfc
rita would be mad while izvbxn would not, so rita is more apprehensive than izvbxn
ouajwlkuklhk would be mad while foym would not, so ouajwlkuklhk is more apprehensive than foym
yfnmvnjaljh would be mad while xbejiwrq would not, so yfnmvnjaljh is more apprehensive than xbejiwrq
wlkafm would be mad while psilivvp would not, so wlkafm is more apprehensive than psilivvp
dmvuhtiijvt would be mad while lbovcly would not, so dmvuhtiijvt is more apprehensive than lbovcly
toxqm would be mad while skqolkzgtqwk would not, so skqolkzgtqwk is less apprehensive than toxqm
ghsyqerq would be mad while btdoprzedrz would not, so btdoprzedrz is less apprehensive than ghsyqerq
eknfkrkw would be mad while cuzzncxm would not, so cuzzncxm is less apprehensive than eknfkrkw
xkjyrjbx would be mad while svfyl would not, so svfyl is less apprehensive than xkjyrjbx
glsgua would be mad while qlxugqprln would not, so qlxugqprln is less apprehensive than glsgua
uxigaaxwiokp would be mad while okqmwnwlxocd would not, so uxigaaxwiokp is not less apprehensive than okqmwnwlxocd
vpokmofa would be mad while stie would not, so vpokmofa is not less apprehensive than stie
zggvipfgto would be mad while xssry would not, so zggvipfgto is not less apprehensive than xssry
ekqddulb would be mad while jksdkzphryy would not, so ekqddulb is not less apprehensive than jksdkzphryy
nzpszqntwxz would be mad while iwdfr would not, so nzpszqntwxz is not less apprehensive than iwdfr
jswatqhfbqy would be mad while xzf is not, so xzf is not more apprehensive than jswatqhfbqy
yubngxik would be mad while euprercz is not, so euprercz is not more apprehensive than yubngxik
odmpelxdbllb would be mad while bjkxnqz is not, so bjkxnqz is not more apprehensive than odmpelxdbllb
qixi would be mad while xtkalq is not, so xtkalq is not more apprehensive than qixi
cswffxltw would be mad while kyj is not, so kyj is not more apprehensive than cswffxltw
klqkwszqbaq makes another person act while flllmzzjfya does not, so klqkwszqbaq is more clever than flllmzzjfya
ngpsmbyayhbw makes another person act while tpog does not, so ngpsmbyayhbw is more clever than tpog
obgtvugpoo makes another person act while ldf does not, so obgtvugpoo is more clever than ldf
hjidyto makes another person act while wun does not, so hjidyto is more clever than wun
sdddyencae makes another person act while ymzakrxkpsc does not, so sdddyencae is more clever than ymzakrxkpsc
zyevuqnitckm makes another person act while dimztruupkjk does not, so dimztruupkjk is less clever than zyevuqnitckm
hdkwai makes another person act while tjdvmcxjc does not, so tjdvmcxjc is less clever than hdkwai
hmdtrqcibevb makes another person act while ezpyoxvjo does not, so ezpyoxvjo is less clever than hmdtrqcibevb
ionkdvacg makes another person act while ggcz does not, so ggcz is less clever than ionkdvacg
vawjcdwtru makes another person act while vkpikajc does not, so vkpikajc is less clever than vawjcdwtru
ofmbhri makes another person act while xkjyqufafbet does not, so ofmbhri is not less clever than xkjyqufafbet
omerxvwhc makes another person act while lmdg does not, so omerxvwhc is not less clever than lmdg
tzemzqoyuotq makes another person act while xpqtorsdp does not, so tzemzqoyuotq is not less clever than xpqtorsdp
xyfm makes another person act while exvsb does not, so xyfm is not less clever than exvsb
xzthtlkpli makes another person act while txjn does not, so xzthtlkpli is not less clever than txjn
sbnvwc makes another person act while dlksastnsj does not, so dlksastnsj is not more clever than sbnvwc
fnqzcxylq makes another person act while rqrukhrqlg does not, so rqrukhrqlg is not more clever than fnqzcxylq
sosslmtzgt makes another person act while ntiqitka does not, so ntiqitka is not more clever than sosslmtzgt
caavzr makes another person act while evax does not, so evax is not more clever than caavzr
rcyrcltnmu makes another person act while vnyiicmlv does not, so vnyiicmlv is not more clever than rcyrcltnmu
pjezowq presses upon another person while ghfj does not, so pjezowq is more bold than ghfj
mnn presses upon another person while uzzzfiqypq does not, so mnn is more bold than uzzzfiqypq
pigzpejutpm presses upon another person while snfe does not, so pigzpejutpm is more bold than snfe
gwqe presses upon another person while aft does not, so gwqe is more bold than aft
nipfvttbbnc presses upon another person while kdnfrs does not, so nipfvttbbnc is more bold than kdnfrs
mlnxnb presses upon another person while wmziqauy does not, so wmziqauy is less bold than mlnxnb
ofbj presses upon another person while dxahiejewyt does not, so dxahiejewyt is less bold than ofbj
oddrynucna presses upon another person while ngi does not, so ngi is less bold than oddrynucna
freap presses upon another person while nzc does not, so nzc is less bold than freap
hbgnf presses upon another person while mjjyifpsfh does not, so mjjyifpsfh is less bold than hbgnf
vruhdgjjnmd presses upon another person while iaflzzmawdb does not, so vruhdgjjnmd is not less bold than iaflzzmawdb
hugnyn presses upon another person while quqnxljrfvb does not, so hugnyn is not less bold than quqnxljrfvb
jrwqvt presses upon another person while swlsy does not, so jrwqvt is not less bold than swlsy
tqs presses upon another person while qukflb does not, so tqs is not less bold than qukflb
adnibzhtst presses upon another person while mhp does not, so adnibzhtst is not less bold than mhp
rygnbsqbpohn presses upon another person while dhzxfuwhos does not, so dhzxfuwhos is not more bold than rygnbsqbpohn
mti presses upon another person while yhbluwlov does not, so yhbluwlov is not more bold than mti
asahyfpte presses upon another person while cbacbj does not, so cbacbj is not more bold than asahyfpte
ygpf presses upon another person while cwlasbl does not, so cwlasbl is not more bold than ygpf
xthnpc presses upon another person while ifeusycrhkds does not, so ifeusycrhkds is not more bold than xthnpc
nygll runs late for work while jrv does not, so nygll is more tired than jrv
hfbcyvtnxzsz runs late for work while piafh does not, so hfbcyvtnxzsz is more tired than piafh
kpouzqvgn runs late for work while meqljnvorsis does not, so kpouzqvgn is more tired than meqljnvorsis
anqpknn runs late for work while beydzwrsm does not, so anqpknn is more tired than beydzwrsm
hto runs late for work while rwfz does not, so hto is more tired than rwfz
zthybvk runs late for work while bhpeebd does not, so bhpeebd is less tired than zthybvk
ykcbejv runs late for work while spyw does not, so spyw is less tired than ykcbejv
itgrbkqrxvh runs late for work while cxcr does not, so cxcr is less tired than itgrbkqrxvh
kunurswkj runs late for work while rfjhs does not, so rfjhs is less tired than kunurswkj
gpjvxvfpavs runs late for work while vzsry does not, so vzsry is less tired than gpjvxvfpavs
evtmntt runs late for work while qdpfji does not, so evtmntt is not less tired than qdpfji
xhdchykov runs late for work while owrnzdojebem does not, so xhdchykov is not less tired than owrnzdojebem
ssjslemrp runs late for work while chgzvifqeagr does not, so ssjslemrp is not less tired than chgzvifqeagr
mgpm runs late for work while rkacgrek does not, so mgpm is not less tired than rkacgrek
fenwnbrvio runs late for work while cqujv does not, so fenwnbrvio is not less tired than cqujv
vwfmmvfj runs late for work while pvzuh does not, so pvzuh is not more tired than vwfmmvfj
gymmikcpm runs late for work while cewgebofn does not, so cewgebofn is not more tired than gymmikcpm
djlilwwve runs late for work while clk does not, so clk is not more tired than djlilwwve
drhuqzsspz runs late for work while ecka does not, so ecka is not more tired than drhuqzsspz
ncgzqmluhsg runs late for work while fzphmk does not, so fzphmk is not more tired than ncgzqmluhsg
ulkjhkveqgg spends a penny while ojzjkdo does not, so ulkjhkveqgg is more budget oriented than ojzjkdo
nphzwpriud spends a penny while lnibvfaawnpv does not, so nphzwpriud is more budget oriented than lnibvfaawnpv
dfiapwwnfyby spends a penny while zncbt does not, so dfiapwwnfyby is more budget oriented than zncbt
ohkqxukoqpan spends a penny while shnyytnidool does not, so ohkqxukoqpan is more budget oriented than shnyytnidool
naqmxxkpx spends a penny while aob does not, so naqmxxkpx is more budget oriented than aob
gcsr spends a penny while jmdtsci does not, so jmdtsci is more budget oriented than gcsr
ivodinalt spends a penny while avpuacdnus does not, so avpuacdnus is more budget oriented than ivodinalt
kfkbvv spends a penny while xcgflbyts does not, so xcgflbyts is more budget oriented than kfkbvv
wvqjoqf spends a penny while zroutsu does not, so zroutsu is more budget oriented than wvqjoqf
xyoeu spends a penny while gxqturnizeiq does not, so gxqturnizeiq is more budget oriented than xyoeu
cjtikbtevyed spends a penny while hqqehbqes does not, so cjtikbtevyed is not less budget oriented than hqqehbqes
labr spends a penny while sdobbvz does not, so labr is not less budget oriented than sdobbvz
jjgr spends a penny while bkvhu does not, so jjgr is not less budget oriented than bkvhu
tzfvstbj spends a penny while evrnhkufla does not, so tzfvstbj is not less budget oriented than evrnhkufla
qrglh spends a penny while vdxpva does not, so qrglh is not less budget oriented than vdxpva
nxxw spends a penny while twlvjsns does not, so twlvjsns is not less budget oriented than nxxw
czqcbk spends a penny while uyie does not, so uyie is not less budget oriented than czqcbk
ruqnao spends a penny while onba does not, so onba is not less budget oriented than ruqnao
wapsqmkh spends a penny while vefwukhuemsa does not, so vefwukhuemsa is not less budget oriented than wapsqmkh
uooqnu spends a penny while zjdjlqgxec does not, so zjdjlqgxec is not less budget oriented than uooqnu
zeiodiulss makes sense in terms while uobs does not, so zeiodiulss is more thoughtful than uobs
gnan makes sense in terms while lhclmcejgnb does not, so gnan is more thoughtful than lhclmcejgnb
oapjjpitin makes sense in terms while owhyn does not, so oapjjpitin is more thoughtful than owhyn
kvwp makes sense in terms while vakuw does not, so kvwp is more thoughtful than vakuw
jbxlckyqw makes sense in terms while mrgfjhwhjyzl does not, so jbxlckyqw is more thoughtful than mrgfjhwhjyzl
uawelqkpgfun makes sense in terms while hrzcybo does not, so hrzcybo is less thoughtful than uawelqkpgfun
sgckqedg makes sense in terms while sizwqnbc does not, so sizwqnbc is less thoughtful than sgckqedg
odu makes sense in terms while vtrkemwjgd does not, so vtrkemwjgd is less thoughtful than odu
rdsdspvxxdr makes sense in terms while fjaa does not, so fjaa is less thoughtful than rdsdspvxxdr
bjharge makes sense in terms while bkz does not, so bkz is less thoughtful than bjharge
nkspjadoya makes sense in terms while fctejkhrogih does not, so nkspjadoya is not less thoughtful than fctejkhrogih
dqzttxm makes sense in terms while bxsmidvmpskl does not, so dqzttxm is not less thoughtful than bxsmidvmpskl
yczm makes sense in terms while psznooay does not, so yczm is not less thoughtful than psznooay
hpgexwhj makes sense in terms while fegm does not, so hpgexwhj is not less thoughtful than fegm
ttyyjpurunie makes sense in terms while ndog does not, so ttyyjpurunie is not less thoughtful than ndog
zpqfcwfq makes sense in terms while nuscsfs does not, so nuscsfs is not more thoughtful than zpqfcwfq
brqdvw makes sense in terms while vwhkidtyjl does not, so vwhkidtyjl is not more thoughtful than brqdvw
wtrtdmlyunbl makes sense in terms while khwwgrb does not, so khwwgrb is not more thoughtful than wtrtdmlyunbl
aqcmxodaamn makes sense in terms while olow does not, so olow is not more thoughtful than aqcmxodaamn
ulizmtgwvcjf makes sense in terms while kjdonn does not, so kjdonn is not more thoughtful than ulizmtgwvcjf
uwnatk needs practice while lmjbpxcgvrtp does not, so uwnatk is more studious than lmjbpxcgvrtp
qdhbsewfnrb needs practice while enqd does not, so qdhbsewfnrb is more studious than enqd
lrwbmyfs needs practice while ayfomize does not, so lrwbmyfs is more studious than ayfomize
fjebdpelgi needs practice while hjpf does not, so fjebdpelgi is more studious than hjpf
buyvxpij needs practice while hecwh does not, so buyvxpij is more studious than hecwh
pizlgxmwof needs practice while ijpjoqnb does not, so ijpjoqnb is less studious than pizlgxmwof
vcczitew needs practice while wgj does not, so wgj is less studious than vcczitew
whk needs practice while dmykfemkzhp does not, so dmykfemkzhp is less studious than whk
hyalozlmrzo needs practice while awwrdtpflbk does not, so awwrdtpflbk is less studious than hyalozlmrzo
sjdqxjc needs practice while sfsf does not, so sfsf is less studious than sjdqxjc
wpfwpnex needs practice while lxldudqi does not, so wpfwpnex is not less studious than lxldudqi
yiecibdlf needs practice while zelzxkhss does not, so yiecibdlf is not less studious than zelzxkhss
ruhzlmtameq needs practice while quqoogfqkm does not, so ruhzlmtameq is not less studious than quqoogfqkm
avgntutj needs practice while xsjbeimlroej does not, so avgntutj is not less studious than xsjbeimlroej
dmxkcnvxae needs practice while haliujlzjm does not, so dmxkcnvxae is not less studious than haliujlzjm
nfmaijn needs practice more than nguukxzsiej, so nguukxzsiej is not more studious than nfmaijn
hszzkvjgu needs practice more than cmfpgtuknn, so cmfpgtuknn is not more studious than hszzkvjgu
rvmdvfcmxrz needs practice more than tlforizipya, so tlforizipya is not more studious than rvmdvfcmxrz
izlofny needs practice more than kfwf, so kfwf is not more studious than izlofny
sgucsezhpete needs practice more than vducy, so vducy is not more studious than sgucsezhpete
egjlbrvxeb walks around town while uoaehgk does not, so egjlbrvxeb is a more explorer than uoaehgk
lsq walks around town while vaekjr does not, so lsq is a more explorer than vaekjr
sqqlu walks around town while supxsbjbbwtk does not, so sqqlu is a more explorer than supxsbjbbwtk
ahmjvwjyzza walks around town while dhqidoui does not, so ahmjvwjyzza is a more explorer than dhqidoui
erjdhxfeqt walks around town while zbordei does not, so erjdhxfeqt is a more explorer than zbordei
jgcqvdghxz walks around town while wemxobuj does not, so wemxobuj is a less explorer than jgcqvdghxz
vqxnkh walks around town while jzpfbftz does not, so jzpfbftz is a less explorer than vqxnkh
enuxmrgxq walks around town while mmwgyrhmyt does not, so mmwgyrhmyt is a less explorer than enuxmrgxq
jos walks around town while lsuqu does not, so lsuqu is a less explorer than jos
wlye walks around town while ozuddrikwc does not, so ozuddrikwc is a less explorer than wlye
alxgwqr walks around town while zxmzocr does not, so alxgwqr is not less explorer than zxmzocr
pxbezf walks around town while gebbnhl does not, so pxbezf is not less explorer than gebbnhl
ftgpghlj walks around town while kssptbqob does not, so ftgpghlj is not less explorer than kssptbqob
sxlhbuji walks around town while lwqdsits does not, so sxlhbuji is not less explorer than lwqdsits
ybjbizwtb walks around town while hmp does not, so ybjbizwtb is not less explorer than hmp
kesnd walks around town while intuxlauqd does not, so intuxlauqd is not a more explorer than kesnd
gscnta walks around town while yxbdi does not, so yxbdi is not a more explorer than gscnta
sntos walks around town while outvkpea does not, so outvkpea is not a more explorer than sntos
qaipopf walks around town while mayhcwwmz does not, so mayhcwwmz is not a more explorer than qaipopf
qgog walks around town while nfalghbifa does not, so nfalghbifa is not a more explorer than qgog
edmeeg moves around a lot while fmrfwy does not, so edmeeg is more restless than fmrfwy
ekswz moves around a lot while fmbicypvx does not, so ekswz is more restless than fmbicypvx
huzpgkxhbqw moves around a lot while ostiv does not, so huzpgkxhbqw is more restless than ostiv
mydpawrxzdj moves around a lot while bkykpgqcwf does not, so mydpawrxzdj is more restless than bkykpgqcwf
txyekh moves around a lot while eyptzwbtajgz does not, so txyekh is more restless than eyptzwbtajgz
giogk moves around a lot while kml does not, so kml is less restless than giogk
hqh moves around a lot while pjvbmokea does not, so pjvbmokea is less restless than hqh
aybaxqs moves around a lot while iwkfqwcd does not, so iwkfqwcd is less restless than aybaxqs
jzoapekz moves around a lot while julwe does not, so julwe is less restless than jzoapekz
hqdjppgnx moves around a lot while yuqrnmnkbtrr does not, so yuqrnmnkbtrr is less restless than hqdjppgnx
gpgohextocz moves around a lot more than yjwpcs, so gpgohextocz is not less restless than yjwpcs
ogsd moves around a lot more than tsclcjil, so ogsd is not less restless than tsclcjil
uzyw moves around a lot more than ietfev, so uzyw is not less restless than ietfev
ekknyukh moves around a lot more than gmeomjoh, so ekknyukh is not less restless than gmeomjoh
pryga moves around a lot more than mbejpobrhp, so pryga is not less restless than mbejpobrhp
tohuwpbdug moves around a lot more than deridmx, so deridmx is not more restless than tohuwpbdug
tkp moves around a lot more than ktaow, so ktaow is not more restless than tkp
tajdnz moves around a lot more than exagsiob, so exagsiob is not more restless than tajdnz
uakurhoz moves around a lot more than yskmpnpsucn, so yskmpnpsucn is not more restless than uakurhoz
tjfxmmbpis moves around a lot more than gkjhzakwnxuc, so gkjhzakwnxuc is not more restless than tjfxmmbpis
vxw listens to another person talk while cmdrepbo does not, so vxw is more observant than cmdrepbo
pyxwq listens to another person talk while hcusn does not, so pyxwq is more observant than hcusn
mttes listens to another person talk while mfswkqm does not, so mttes is more observant than mfswkqm
akxlieeklzpf listens to another person talk while hdpbtnfm does not, so akxlieeklzpf is more observant than hdpbtnfm
adkvgun listens to another person talk while dloucqhrp does not, so adkvgun is more observant than dloucqhrp
ezbcofud listens to another person talk while iicslijjtuv does not, so iicslijjtuv is less observant than ezbcofud
uovzzyfaezu listens to another person talk while rvlnpxj does not, so rvlnpxj is less observant than uovzzyfaezu
dwazmm listens to another person talk while xiup does not, so xiup is less observant than dwazmm
cmpblvpzw listens to another person talk while hvzjxmulzz does not, so hvzjxmulzz is less observant than cmpblvpzw
puppgnbu listens to another person talk while whvhrtymhlpy does not, so whvhrtymhlpy is less observant than puppgnbu
vtxkx listens to another person talk while bjwuzqzlqtb does not, so vtxkx is not less observant than bjwuzqzlqtb
rrloevspaayp listens to another person talk while zlzs does not, so rrloevspaayp is not less observant than zlzs
orveyugkc listens to another person talk while qyyocrpjul does not, so orveyugkc is not less observant than qyyocrpjul
udqibzgtlwbh listens to another person talk while fwvcpc does not, so udqibzgtlwbh is not less observant than fwvcpc
woy listens to another person talk while xvxccz does not, so woy is not less observant than xvxccz
kqzmarismtay listens to another person talk while uzldl does not, so uzldl is not more observant than kqzmarismtay
dlzwdhuy listens to another person talk while jii does not, so jii is not more observant than dlzwdhuy
dybgfkdslbug listens to another person talk while csxpaxvkvvj does not, so csxpaxvkvvj is not more observant than dybgfkdslbug
qphcog listens to another person talk while afu does not, so afu is not more observant than qphcog
nraoevpheg listens to another person talk while sghfvhmkegb does not, so sghfvhmkegb is not more observant than nraoevpheg
lrtbj rids the bike while oehctgdlzqmb does not, so lrtbj is more athletic than oehctgdlzqmb
nhjdsph rids the bike while ozdhgdl does not, so nhjdsph is more athletic than ozdhgdl
bjrldlkkljnn rids the bike while sxdygj does not, so bjrldlkkljnn is more athletic than sxdygj
jnseosgyev rids the bike while wawttjwlefc does not, so jnseosgyev is more athletic than wawttjwlefc
fhsas rids the bike while xambhnm does not, so fhsas is more athletic than xambhnm
pmil rids the bike while xihbsftips does not, so xihbsftips is less athletic than pmil
gqczpfli rids the bike while pvxhjypxcqma does not, so pvxhjypxcqma is less athletic than gqczpfli
qqx rids the bike while mypvdbzk does not, so mypvdbzk is less athletic than qqx
nxcbqjbcjldk rids the bike while ivqrqbhco does not, so ivqrqbhco is less athletic than nxcbqjbcjldk
vzswq rids the bike while qykkxrxtdcs does not, so qykkxrxtdcs is less athletic than vzswq
miabijvnr rids the bike while pknxsujaawsp does not, so miabijvnr is not more athletic than pknxsujaawsp
juimxk rids the bike while krp does not, so juimxk is not more athletic than krp
auxxk rids the bike while cmadulbxjb does not, so auxxk is not more athletic than cmadulbxjb
kjichollzldx rids the bike while dcgtcczkcp does not, so kjichollzldx is not more athletic than dcgtcczkcp
mbvvgbowkj rids the bike while wzvjvtyv does not, so mbvvgbowkj is not more athletic than wzvjvtyv
daewemgml rids the bike while dxfqx does not, so dxfqx is not more athletic than daewemgml
expz rids the bike while zonecjn does not, so zonecjn is not more athletic than expz
nufjlhkw rids the bike while vktzloe does not, so vktzloe is not more athletic than nufjlhkw
urtutgkt rids the bike while rvkn does not, so rvkn is not more athletic than urtutgkt
rjca rids the bike while jsboqe does not, so jsboqe is not more athletic than rjca
tedivfl smells a rat while desniiylbvvj does not, so tedivfl is less dubious than desniiylbvvj
cuj smells a rat while bwyu does not, so cuj is less dubious than bwyu
xyuyqvl smells a rat while jqwyat does not, so xyuyqvl is less dubious than jqwyat
ctldfla smells a rat while vubk does not, so ctldfla is less dubious than vubk
nzngjvu smells a rat while awoncbzggb does not, so nzngjvu is less dubious than awoncbzggb
ufxafvbgprcj smells a rat while fpe does not, so fpe is less dubious than ufxafvbgprcj
apauwcfqwwfq smells a rat while kpf does not, so kpf is less dubious than apauwcfqwwfq
ojdscaztzf smells a rat while hcrtqvjfjdhr does not, so hcrtqvjfjdhr is less dubious than ojdscaztzf
zcgafohpb smells a rat while hsg does not, so hsg is less dubious than zcgafohpb
wzjizfikicae smells a rat while lqfzlhhtwf does not, so lqfzlhhtwf is less dubious than wzjizfikicae
xmnyyhuig smells a rat while gkfqxtzsk does not, so xmnyyhuig is not less dubious than gkfqxtzsk
ukmejxcj smells a rat while ptqdrjjfjc does not, so ukmejxcj is not less dubious than ptqdrjjfjc
ygzg smells a rat while tzhoswsnwqe does not, so ygzg is not less dubious than tzhoswsnwqe
cvwmzkfrx smells a rat while losg does not, so cvwmzkfrx is not less dubious than losg
ckvjlyhmob smells a rat while vgxrvfir does not, so ckvjlyhmob is not less dubious than vgxrvfir
edtyz smells a rat while mykpogyd does not, so mykpogyd is not more dubious than edtyz
uhqmge smells a rat while vntnetgssmfa does not, so vntnetgssmfa is not more dubious than uhqmge
xili smells a rat while tdkhkz does not, so tdkhkz is not more dubious than xili
mkdgi smells a rat while tnvvgy does not, so tnvvgy is not more dubious than mkdgi
evei smells a rat while uoecmp does not, so uoecmp is not more dubious than evei
yztossgtyknq loves country music while zzamsshjlsvc does not, so yztossgtyknq is more simple than zzamsshjlsvc
onqwihakw loves country music while xiyauxrx does not, so onqwihakw is more simple than xiyauxrx
bnennaztfgyl loves country music while jrivaljwydbv does not, so bnennaztfgyl is more simple than jrivaljwydbv
fgy loves country music while xfe does not, so fgy is more simple than xfe
oci loves country music while ftyqwvvdik does not, so oci is more simple than ftyqwvvdik
lucg loves country music while rex does not, so rex is less simple than lucg
omiumbosr loves country music while ffbi does not, so ffbi is less simple than omiumbosr
esfmhbcolx loves country music while nuuywmltp does not, so nuuywmltp is less simple than esfmhbcolx
adexogwvtu loves country music while eezdqwt does not, so eezdqwt is less simple than adexogwvtu
hxadapgso loves country music while ivhfkve does not, so ivhfkve is less simple than hxadapgso
awendyxfkyo loves country music while ujs does not, so awendyxfkyo is not less simple than ujs
xdbxun loves country music while wmghjgbivnx does not, so xdbxun is not less simple than wmghjgbivnx
loffkqtjnlw loves country music while psbb does not, so loffkqtjnlw is not less simple than psbb
vctoshfgvla loves country music while jgvx does not, so vctoshfgvla is not less simple than jgvx
tskjtacuv loves country music while amdbd does not, so tskjtacuv is not less simple than amdbd
kvywwrk loves country music while zegpnes does not, so zegpnes is not more simple than kvywwrk
htqybvebmtt loves country music while ivduiadkat does not, so ivduiadkat is not more simple than htqybvebmtt
qfz loves country music while jsvmbbdghqg does not, so jsvmbbdghqg is not more simple than qfz
avdivspobfv loves country music while qfqhyq does not, so qfqhyq is not more simple than avdivspobfv
odafskze loves country music while prtdpl does not, so prtdpl is not more simple than odafskze
bzmqwhtvn gives another person presents while qfzbiayshs does not, so bzmqwhtvn is more considerate than qfzbiayshs
hbrhosyppl gives another person presents while alnckdl does not, so hbrhosyppl is more considerate than alnckdl
kgijk gives another person presents while pjvufakvieb does not, so kgijk is more considerate than pjvufakvieb
ztxlgyh gives another person presents while mvdbmwqr does not, so ztxlgyh is more considerate than mvdbmwqr
rgfnqkn gives another person presents while ngu does not, so rgfnqkn is more considerate than ngu
wfwqhcr gives another person presents while dxu does not, so dxu is less considerate than wfwqhcr
fwehzgwssda gives another person presents while iutejgwly does not, so iutejgwly is less considerate than fwehzgwssda
whykjbma gives another person presents while enbssqpgn does not, so enbssqpgn is less considerate than whykjbma
lsgcfzlz gives another person presents while nkqvow does not, so nkqvow is less considerate than lsgcfzlz
jnlakesnbqt gives another person presents while cukueusvwtus does not, so cukueusvwtus is less considerate than jnlakesnbqt
gvhrtocrolu gives another person presents while wwvcjws does not, so gvhrtocrolu is not less considerate than wwvcjws
rbe gives another person presents while hxkbnoq does not, so rbe is not less considerate than hxkbnoq
wntp gives another person presents while fsrtqyfvwa does not, so wntp is not less considerate than fsrtqyfvwa
jfosxbcsx gives another person presents while zqybmqr does not, so jfosxbcsx is not less considerate than zqybmqr
kxmk gives another person presents while sucxnkqvs does not, so kxmk is not less considerate than sucxnkqvs
obdjt gives another person presents while tmwcxcbpws does not, so tmwcxcbpws is not more considerate than obdjt
bvnjflfmog gives another person presents while uoucoaqq does not, so uoucoaqq is not more considerate than bvnjflfmog
dtgbiauq gives another person presents while fdq does not, so fdq is not more considerate than dtgbiauq
svdhqffp gives another person presents while vdzvwtcnzwu does not, so vdzvwtcnzwu is not more considerate than svdhqffp
yonyakjfsvk gives another person presents while pfkiqubp does not, so pfkiqubp is not more considerate than yonyakjfsvk
wysvyi teaches another person anything while bomlzj does not, so wysvyi is more helpful than bomlzj
bwm teaches another person anything while wuye does not, so bwm is more helpful than wuye
gtrjoh teaches another person anything while kfgnxtzdeel does not, so gtrjoh is more helpful than kfgnxtzdeel
dlrkglqm teaches another person anything while gqqnwl does not, so dlrkglqm is more helpful than gqqnwl
njo teaches another person anything while czqreumzn does not, so njo is more helpful than czqreumzn
zaevligtz teaches another person anything while edxcgpmcs does not, so edxcgpmcs is less helpful than zaevligtz
nrbwz teaches another person anything while dikybyms does not, so dikybyms is less helpful than nrbwz
ouvqnn teaches another person anything while hhfwidjy does not, so hhfwidjy is less helpful than ouvqnn
nzskota teaches another person anything while occyrpgmfb does not, so occyrpgmfb is less helpful than nzskota
jlvahbuhlhqh teaches another person anything while nmjzzg does not, so nmjzzg is less helpful than jlvahbuhlhqh
vaydgfus teaches another person anything while ucy does not, so vaydgfus is not less helpful than ucy
ikhhfovsca teaches another person anything while mjbablsvabnq does not, so ikhhfovsca is not less helpful than mjbablsvabnq
oinlnpwr teaches another person anything while cllonzrwyva does not, so oinlnpwr is not less helpful than cllonzrwyva
ovpgnu teaches another person anything while vdmcu does not, so ovpgnu is not less helpful than vdmcu
aarnlq teaches another person anything while pctwscld does not, so aarnlq is not less helpful than pctwscld
wvf teaches another person anything while upoess does not, so upoess is not more helpful than wvf
ihs teaches another person anything while fltt does not, so fltt is not more helpful than ihs
wvnneaxi teaches another person anything while hvqxjletqpor does not, so hvqxjletqpor is not more helpful than wvnneaxi
bmwgw teaches another person anything while hmvvsik does not, so hmvvsik is not more helpful than bmwgw
lbpckqxk teaches another person anything while ubsznt does not, so ubsznt is not more helpful than lbpckqxk
afo is so excited to go while gur is not, so afo is more brave than gur
lic is so excited to go while oalpsw is not, so lic is more brave than oalpsw
lozpnqyhxw is so excited to go while hjta is not, so lozpnqyhxw is more brave than hjta
klnielbp is so excited to go while pgjtyx is not, so klnielbp is more brave than pgjtyx
awnyguela is so excited to go while owqyegt is not, so awnyguela is more brave than owqyegt
pukah is so excited to go while nslspn is not, so nslspn is less brave than pukah
kpxocumpv is so excited to go while gtmeusckqx is not, so gtmeusckqx is less brave than kpxocumpv
uxgpr is so excited to go while nvmjovxuwoj is not, so nvmjovxuwoj is less brave than uxgpr
ctwwrwskl is so excited to go while fuzyskfvwuz is not, so fuzyskfvwuz is less brave than ctwwrwskl
dwuwmsegagxb is so excited to go while wwemnyanojx is not, so wwemnyanojx is less brave than dwuwmsegagxb
hwtgv is so excited to go while llif is not, so hwtgv is not less brave than llif
pqdn is so excited to go while kpycfeauxcy is not, so pqdn is not less brave than kpycfeauxcy
qijydzbv is so excited to go while vuhj is not, so qijydzbv is not less brave than vuhj
htormk is so excited to go while ehjupdkwoy is not, so htormk is not less brave than ehjupdkwoy
lwbmf is so excited to go while exp is not, so lwbmf is not less brave than exp
yzlbtggcx is so excited to go, so jaedug is not more brave than yzlbtggcx
hovrg is so excited to go, so cquzfwc is not more brave than hovrg
uutw is so excited to go, so ynrot is not more brave than uutw
wsndkwnrjjp is so excited to go, so grvrrgao is not more brave than wsndkwnrjjp
ubqpgnpz is so excited to go, so tow is not more brave than ubqpgnpz
whjhqxx sings the song while uirjawitqki does not, so whjhqxx is more talented than uirjawitqki
imoqf sings the song while jkvkzs does not, so imoqf is more talented than jkvkzs
dwziztqifgiw sings the song while wuqlcfmtiwp does not, so dwziztqifgiw is more talented than wuqlcfmtiwp
hdrjav sings the song while vkneehfyc does not, so hdrjav is more talented than vkneehfyc
ntlmzkecaekw sings the song while jvbgyr does not, so ntlmzkecaekw is more talented than jvbgyr
zctgviz sings the song while rijfilicqqbg does not, so rijfilicqqbg is less talented than zctgviz
pon sings the song while jfyyjwqhdht does not, so jfyyjwqhdht is less talented than pon
rhzsksnrxx sings the song while brdercmwveu does not, so brdercmwveu is less talented than rhzsksnrxx
lucbneuicbr sings the song while pgsxgf does not, so pgsxgf is less talented than lucbneuicbr
ubylmalb sings the song while mcxemgirhmlr does not, so mcxemgirhmlr is less talented than ubylmalb
rhwfcf sings the song while ywuktauagvrj does not, so rhwfcf is not less talented than ywuktauagvrj
jcflxia sings the song while iflkbwx does not, so jcflxia is not less talented than iflkbwx
cyk sings the song while kpcii does not, so cyk is not less talented than kpcii
xvrugf sings the song while wojkkpve does not, so xvrugf is not less talented than wojkkpve
kbzhr sings the song while clactvnx does not, so kbzhr is not less talented than clactvnx
avjafdohtkd sings the song while bayabopqxh does not, so bayabopqxh is not more talented than avjafdohtkd
pngjigz sings the song while cthzb does not, so cthzb is not more talented than pngjigz
jcfyspurx sings the song while uaeidg does not, so uaeidg is not more talented than jcfyspurx
jvkm sings the song while qqlchmdg does not, so qqlchmdg is not more talented than jvkm
zpdvdt sings the song while bomximakx does not, so bomximakx is not more talented than zpdvdt
iqxgt asks another person liked more than knbbujolk, so iqxgt is less insecure than knbbujolk
evblcopth asks another person liked more than butdqb, so evblcopth is less insecure than butdqb
ozvrlt asks another person liked more than bemgkq, so ozvrlt is less insecure than bemgkq
mttlqqfpt asks another person liked more than wnwlfyi, so mttlqqfpt is less insecure than wnwlfyi
rgeauguoriqy asks another person liked more than whmluxv, so rgeauguoriqy is less insecure than whmluxv
xtfceqigbqgs asks another person liked more than woogdgk, so woogdgk is less insecure than xtfceqigbqgs
iyx asks another person liked more than eeqpu, so eeqpu is less insecure than iyx
kwx asks another person liked more than ppcj, so ppcj is less insecure than kwx
teyvbqckqczy asks another person liked more than jsjhp, so jsjhp is less insecure than teyvbqckqczy
csccwniuanlp asks another person liked more than tafgxlv, so tafgxlv is less insecure than csccwniuanlp
ewmt asks another person liked more than tctfmpfhdnot, so ewmt is not less insecure than tctfmpfhdnot
mzkzpvqab asks another person liked more than axfspq, so mzkzpvqab is not less insecure than axfspq
bvmtliilrli asks another person liked more than yvqbosk, so bvmtliilrli is not less insecure than yvqbosk
vfnfwrnjrcva asks another person liked more than kqmaoiw, so vfnfwrnjrcva is not less insecure than kqmaoiw
eekjupkoe asks another person liked more than kxoojum, so eekjupkoe is not less insecure than kxoojum
tyr asks another person liked more than pmpwec, so pmpwec is not more insecure than tyr
axgjh asks another person liked more than fukkwhfzrlwd, so fukkwhfzrlwd is not more insecure than axgjh
drkymrr asks another person liked more than mck, so mck is not more insecure than drkymrr
nbp asks another person liked more than atdkqxqa, so atdkqxqa is not more insecure than nbp
suglehlwe asks another person liked more than zdfzhkxq, so zdfzhkxq is not more insecure than suglehlwe
nxcbynqwgub bakes all day while mtkslzuyyc does not, so nxcbynqwgub is more consistent than mtkslzuyyc
gadimuiqqqo bakes all day while iraqpog does not, so gadimuiqqqo is more consistent than iraqpog
jpzagvuxylj bakes all day while zcr does not, so jpzagvuxylj is more consistent than zcr
hdyvztqebtkw bakes all day while ybz does not, so hdyvztqebtkw is more consistent than ybz
zbnnyek bakes all day while zmval does not, so zbnnyek is more consistent than zmval
ivry bakes all day while xxyfj does not, so xxyfj is less consistent than ivry
ydluqp bakes all day while iawrbatttxvh does not, so iawrbatttxvh is less consistent than ydluqp
ckjyo bakes all day while zbprj does not, so zbprj is less consistent than ckjyo
ffsbzdfqzq bakes all day while wsj does not, so wsj is less consistent than ffsbzdfqzq
vpsh bakes all day while vvxygazgrgsm does not, so vvxygazgrgsm is less consistent than vpsh
xjxfhdyeudy bakes all day while wnwqhwoz does not, so xjxfhdyeudy is not less consistent than wnwqhwoz
yszjk bakes all day while yuahcsqlyh does not, so yszjk is not less consistent than yuahcsqlyh
wwufskstu bakes all day while uhjcb does not, so wwufskstu is not less consistent than uhjcb
tvfem bakes all day while hckdxx does not, so tvfem is not less consistent than hckdxx
siewowicgn bakes all day while zkbor does not, so siewowicgn is not less consistent than zkbor
bvrebugrukx bakes all day while axkzzespgqwe does not, so axkzzespgqwe is not more consistent than bvrebugrukx
phrysqcoef bakes all day while nkacydsylji does not, so nkacydsylji is not more consistent than phrysqcoef
wnwozuzqfsoy bakes all day while ubuqdhixoxq does not, so ubuqdhixoxq is not more consistent than wnwozuzqfsoy
goqru bakes all day while selhatr does not, so selhatr is not more consistent than goqru
koetywh bakes all day while udgevgj does not, so udgevgj is not more consistent than koetywh
eqfaofzr takes their glasses while sxbnbopd does not, so eqfaofzr is more content than sxbnbopd
rkxduih takes their glasses while vpcfke does not, so rkxduih is more content than vpcfke
dpvbtse takes their glasses while djbbxmnlqben does not, so dpvbtse is more content than djbbxmnlqben
wigmfe takes their glasses while vajmgsq does not, so wigmfe is more content than vajmgsq
ndqz takes their glasses while tenkyju does not, so ndqz is more content than tenkyju
uktcpvven takes their glasses while gixoounz does not, so gixoounz is less content than uktcpvven
wdgtadqsrl takes their glasses while lrukcxfb does not, so lrukcxfb is less content than wdgtadqsrl
dowagrgdu takes their glasses while ssbi does not, so ssbi is less content than dowagrgdu
oqewrhl takes their glasses while umqan does not, so umqan is less content than oqewrhl
phav takes their glasses while asl does not, so asl is less content than phav
sexvgj takes their glasses while lmiblihemauq does not, so sexvgj is not less content than lmiblihemauq
qmawxojzosk takes their glasses while alk does not, so qmawxojzosk is not less content than alk
cab takes their glasses while wttlju does not, so cab is not less content than wttlju
vsuxfsxgrrpx takes their glasses while urxz does not, so vsuxfsxgrrpx is not less content than urxz
wzyhsvsm takes their glasses while otdjw does not, so wzyhsvsm is not less content than otdjw
fzv takes their glasses while feytfyk does not, so feytfyk is not more content than fzv
ontmflvvzyt takes their glasses while ehgocqgcbw does not, so ehgocqgcbw is not more content than ontmflvvzyt
ynbldfcattme takes their glasses while leasuti does not, so leasuti is not more content than ynbldfcattme
xahfskmz takes their glasses while wwvceexvc does not, so wwvceexvc is not more content than xahfskmz
ecjsnugbnzw takes their glasses while bgjob does not, so bgjob is not more content than ecjsnugbnzw
dxqbjyjfpk smells so bad while lesp does not, so dxqbjyjfpk is more stinky than lesp
tnbxost smells so bad while fdbcwczdvus does not, so tnbxost is more stinky than fdbcwczdvus
rdsyjmy smells so bad while ewf does not, so rdsyjmy is more stinky than ewf
swftkuenfq smells so bad while enminq does not, so swftkuenfq is more stinky than enminq
zuusoucl smells so bad while xwoedqkrl does not, so zuusoucl is more stinky than xwoedqkrl
ezgddo smells so bad while gfqx does not, so gfqx is less stinky than ezgddo
smeyj smells so bad while apnwdvew does not, so apnwdvew is less stinky than smeyj
scdd smells so bad while tpwzgbeir does not, so tpwzgbeir is less stinky than scdd
lisuzdceigli smells so bad while jzwmc does not, so jzwmc is less stinky than lisuzdceigli
oaejzvz smells so bad while nhnbdj does not, so nhnbdj is less stinky than oaejzvz
akfoynpeseh smells so bad while zbbwve does not, so akfoynpeseh is not less stinky than zbbwve
snxjafbu smells so bad while dqeya does not, so snxjafbu is not less stinky than dqeya
zfdgaadngrd smells so bad while sogj does not, so zfdgaadngrd is not less stinky than sogj
wwdfhjq smells so bad while xbwl does not, so wwdfhjq is not less stinky than xbwl
iso smells so bad while xfkbecchwz does not, so iso is not less stinky than xfkbecchwz
igvlglrfmqe smells so bad while tpmwesgy does not, so tpmwesgy is not more stinky than igvlglrfmqe
msuejbii smells so bad while augkydzpfnk does not, so augkydzpfnk is not more stinky than msuejbii
ppqmhj smells so bad while unqf does not, so unqf is not more stinky than ppqmhj
jxawolzwzmm smells so bad while cennnhpjr does not, so cennnhpjr is not more stinky than jxawolzwzmm
yisswuj smells so bad while trqezodmvhb does not, so trqezodmvhb is not more stinky than yisswuj
majsu plays videogames while idwisokxdog does not, so majsu is more entertainment seeking than idwisokxdog
kbqfdvwqgdb plays videogames while wut does not, so kbqfdvwqgdb is more entertainment seeking than wut
kamuvk plays videogames while tnawdhev does not, so kamuvk is more entertainment seeking than tnawdhev
avdmqbmglyzg plays videogames while kmrfaqffnfrh does not, so avdmqbmglyzg is more entertainment seeking than kmrfaqffnfrh
jhmyfes plays videogames while dyyo does not, so jhmyfes is more entertainment seeking than dyyo
wdibdbx plays videogames while rfqwjnnynaq does not, so rfqwjnnynaq is less entertainment seeking than wdibdbx
nsdwkkv plays videogames while blvfiq does not, so blvfiq is less entertainment seeking than nsdwkkv
bupnbyv plays videogames while fplff does not, so fplff is less entertainment seeking than bupnbyv
cjc plays videogames while tosuits does not, so tosuits is less entertainment seeking than cjc
con plays videogames while lbwoqxiu does not, so lbwoqxiu is less entertainment seeking than con
iebkehh plays videogames while ugl does not, so iebkehh is not less entertainment seeking than ugl
zwqdbbmiqijp plays videogames while cveuiwuiiw does not, so zwqdbbmiqijp is not less entertainment seeking than cveuiwuiiw
ade plays videogames while glfemq does not, so ade is not less entertainment seeking than glfemq
ajfx plays videogames while jsy does not, so ajfx is not less entertainment seeking than jsy
vxoyotiif plays videogames while ohygkx does not, so vxoyotiif is not less entertainment seeking than ohygkx
fovrvyjet plays videogames while weks does not, so weks is not more entertainment seeking than fovrvyjet
hihusiqygn plays videogames while gtsmcvcpdohn does not, so gtsmcvcpdohn is not more entertainment seeking than hihusiqygn
cclvilcrserd plays videogames while zruptls does not, so zruptls is not more entertainment seeking than cclvilcrserd
sjfbd plays videogames while apiomewa does not, so apiomewa is not more entertainment seeking than sjfbd
iupeuc plays videogames while xwcju does not, so xwcju is not more entertainment seeking than iupeuc
bcnsrhxnbo loses their glasses while gky does not, so bcnsrhxnbo is more careless than gky
pzsjtr loses their glasses while rpnapiokw does not, so pzsjtr is more careless than rpnapiokw
cfu loses their glasses while ulcngqxzsc does not, so cfu is more careless than ulcngqxzsc
nmujqh loses their glasses while egigpkxfg does not, so nmujqh is more careless than egigpkxfg
nswoiyalybl loses their glasses while wylexjnaffrq does not, so nswoiyalybl is more careless than wylexjnaffrq
ayxwghnzi loses their glasses while swdhusbfaq does not, so swdhusbfaq is less careless than ayxwghnzi
jhlhqk loses their glasses while ktst does not, so ktst is less careless than jhlhqk
otou loses their glasses while jwrebrgn does not, so jwrebrgn is less careless than otou
yahwywzj loses their glasses while wrqkpdkcwx does not, so wrqkpdkcwx is less careless than yahwywzj
tnccrz loses their glasses while haihwjgyz does not, so haihwjgyz is less careless than tnccrz
phvcuxlq loses their glasses while iuwbeku does not, so phvcuxlq is not less careless than iuwbeku
qeei loses their glasses while kum does not, so qeei is not less careless than kum
jaxxr loses their glasses while xjhsilkt does not, so jaxxr is not less careless than xjhsilkt
khtkc loses their glasses while sydigmikfyv does not, so khtkc is not less careless than sydigmikfyv
quvi loses their glasses while cvvfg does not, so quvi is not less careless than cvvfg
pcpqiudnua loses their glasses while aoytoqk does not, so aoytoqk is not more careless than pcpqiudnua
rammzfl loses their glasses while ldzcycuggeik does not, so ldzcycuggeik is not more careless than rammzfl
udkluibsqpda loses their glasses while ytrspsogo does not, so ytrspsogo is not more careless than udkluibsqpda
ydlnslh loses their glasses while gdkmbunaggxu does not, so gdkmbunaggxu is not more careless than ydlnslh
fuveswz loses their glasses while jcjlk does not, so jcjlk is not more careless than fuveswz
btrfe looks in another person's eyes while raytvlrunujn does not, so btrfe is more beautiful than raytvlrunujn
jfsbnfixotq looks in another person's eyes while cvwwxucnwzo does not, so jfsbnfixotq is more beautiful than cvwwxucnwzo
itcruvso looks in another person's eyes while ihfmrfqpdtcx does not, so itcruvso is more beautiful than ihfmrfqpdtcx
qyufdfbyh looks in another person's eyes while fxlc does not, so qyufdfbyh is more beautiful than fxlc
sebaopecqp looks in another person's eyes while lwxriozgg does not, so sebaopecqp is more beautiful than lwxriozgg
hyn looks in another person's eyes while tvaipj does not, so tvaipj is less beautiful than hyn
bit looks in another person's eyes while dejkvyjvizv does not, so dejkvyjvizv is less beautiful than bit
whtwktnrpnv looks in another person's eyes while ctohihdzhecc does not, so ctohihdzhecc is less beautiful than whtwktnrpnv
quxrtkaez looks in another person's eyes while jzluoqm does not, so jzluoqm is less beautiful than quxrtkaez
bdyqc looks in another person's eyes while vqpcj does not, so vqpcj is less beautiful than bdyqc
sptajpe looks in another person's eyes while pojqpruh does not, so sptajpe is not less beautiful than pojqpruh
ookws looks in another person's eyes while aizcgiazfr does not, so ookws is not less beautiful than aizcgiazfr
ibqadkk looks in another person's eyes while ubhy does not, so ibqadkk is not less beautiful than ubhy
vqh looks in another person's eyes while paxvrjldsp does not, so vqh is not less beautiful than paxvrjldsp
picgvls looks in another person's eyes while uoromvpmv does not, so picgvls is not less beautiful than uoromvpmv
kuq looks in another person's eyes while vyvvb does not, so vyvvb is not more beautiful than kuq
wnuouaamo looks in another person's eyes while ykqhwmszkyql does not, so ykqhwmszkyql is not more beautiful than wnuouaamo
ftwaxyub looks in another person's eyes while kyybit does not, so kyybit is not more beautiful than ftwaxyub
oqkzutw looks in another person's eyes while vpcptiemtqjg does not, so vpcptiemtqjg is not more beautiful than oqkzutw
ufxhx looks in another person's eyes while kehanyg does not, so kehanyg is not more beautiful than ufxhx
fymdgnrjd feels a lump while doencmtvd does not, so fymdgnrjd is more concerned than doencmtvd
pgkechh feels a lump while xfv does not, so pgkechh is more concerned than xfv
ypgwymplyeq feels a lump while hyfvxqwb does not, so ypgwymplyeq is more concerned than hyfvxqwb
odcxnjveeuuo feels a lump while wivotopg does not, so odcxnjveeuuo is more concerned than wivotopg
vhkidhxzdl feels a lump while derc does not, so vhkidhxzdl is more concerned than derc
pqektpht feels a lump while sfnhvzyslwbx does not, so sfnhvzyslwbx is less concerned than pqektpht
ykwd feels a lump while ogq does not, so ogq is less concerned than ykwd
wvir feels a lump while iyhllbu does not, so iyhllbu is less concerned than wvir
feiqjx feels a lump while tbbjrwvjqqxd does not, so tbbjrwvjqqxd is less concerned than feiqjx
ejqrnrxnsrx feels a lump while mal does not, so mal is less concerned than ejqrnrxnsrx
boltaeuojomh feels a lump while htr does not, so boltaeuojomh is not less concerned than htr
xxglqujomd feels a lump while zlzoxvvdlgs does not, so xxglqujomd is not less concerned than zlzoxvvdlgs
ccxgv feels a lump while xrfemdmz does not, so ccxgv is not less concerned than xrfemdmz
clwnmqum feels a lump while xiddndyqtoy does not, so clwnmqum is not less concerned than xiddndyqtoy
ixuotahlooi feels a lump while hawznysg does not, so ixuotahlooi is not less concerned than hawznysg
tvxklhpex feels a lump while ikdtarmjbdvp does not, so ikdtarmjbdvp is not more concerned than tvxklhpex
lqiupumuygv feels a lump while inycilfwjk does not, so inycilfwjk is not more concerned than lqiupumuygv
pwehl feels a lump while wtpskxkgzwoa does not, so wtpskxkgzwoa is not more concerned than pwehl
uwmbo feels a lump while lziilymgfdvv does not, so lziilymgfdvv is not more concerned than uwmbo
bawgvidjiwv feels a lump while kzzae does not, so kzzae is not more concerned than bawgvidjiwv
sab never listened while oojrqe did, so sab is more undisciplined than oojrqe
fzdwrymsaio never listened while aukeuicur did, so fzdwrymsaio is more undisciplined than aukeuicur
raqleeokqm never listened while lomfaztty did, so raqleeokqm is more undisciplined than lomfaztty
bvvqyuwlfn never listened while prkoocji did, so bvvqyuwlfn is more undisciplined than prkoocji
fjjw never listened while zqxlfslsgew did, so fjjw is more undisciplined than zqxlfslsgew
mtiwpogcxyf never listened while batlaw did, so batlaw is less undisciplined than mtiwpogcxyf
mnx never listened while tqintfndx did, so tqintfndx is less undisciplined than mnx
ogajflfilfw never listened while nwfrytsy did, so nwfrytsy is less undisciplined than ogajflfilfw
rhin never listened while gzfsigx did, so gzfsigx is less undisciplined than rhin
fovcbkvyinc never listened while yivwvwescnpt did, so yivwvwescnpt is less undisciplined than fovcbkvyinc
csjrifawu never listened while ftknggtu did, so csjrifawu is not less undisciplined than ftknggtu
dhzmiaaqapt never listened while nwgspqi did, so dhzmiaaqapt is not less undisciplined than nwgspqi
wfz never listened while ocjayg did, so wfz is not less undisciplined than ocjayg
jqpaksgvb never listened while uzcoxu did, so jqpaksgvb is not less undisciplined than uzcoxu
lhcogbgw never listened while qxvsj did, so lhcogbgw is not less undisciplined than qxvsj
icqfrgedkor never listened while axsdctwwj did, so axsdctwwj is not more undisciplined than icqfrgedkor
klfvmqzgg never listened while ilnlqkrqf did, so ilnlqkrqf is not more undisciplined than klfvmqzgg
spemnf never listened while vkoel did, so vkoel is not more undisciplined than spemnf
lufslcchci never listened while imj did, so imj is not more undisciplined than lufslcchci
qaro never listened while zobszchco did, so zobszchco is not more undisciplined than qaro
lghmkkvhnx calls the cops while oljgqx does not, so lghmkkvhnx is more honest than oljgqx
aqdgfofmbmwm calls the cops while fep does not, so aqdgfofmbmwm is more honest than fep
nht calls the cops while vuzlproyoptf does not, so nht is more honest than vuzlproyoptf
vonmvizgp calls the cops while gwqdszmhuoh does not, so vonmvizgp is more honest than gwqdszmhuoh
cwjmctwpows calls the cops while kqrdittt does not, so cwjmctwpows is more honest than kqrdittt
gviyvzcz calls the cops while mlguxeylwr does not, so mlguxeylwr is less honest than gviyvzcz
pxpbgletaw calls the cops while kitoxwpdhdvp does not, so kitoxwpdhdvp is less honest than pxpbgletaw
bstgl calls the cops while qyp does not, so qyp is less honest than bstgl
nmpmqnrmi calls the cops while zckwdcdau does not, so zckwdcdau is less honest than nmpmqnrmi
bzs calls the cops while ivamafhp does not, so ivamafhp is less honest than bzs
aujtykye calls the cops while xykdplakbexn does not, so aujtykye is not less honest than xykdplakbexn
hkaa calls the cops while oohavpw does not, so hkaa is not less honest than oohavpw
atwwqfxji calls the cops while xgslbybxuev does not, so atwwqfxji is not less honest than xgslbybxuev
frnvmbefxlth calls the cops while rbbq does not, so frnvmbefxlth is not less honest than rbbq
luqbdoqfqzo calls the cops while iecp does not, so luqbdoqfqzo is not less honest than iecp
zcsosojirl calls the cops while pycoaxnqzkfv does not, so pycoaxnqzkfv is not more honest than zcsosojirl
esimqyqvl calls the cops while blnot does not, so blnot is not more honest than esimqyqvl
oxeqxelai calls the cops while buchhenooemw does not, so buchhenooemw is not more honest than oxeqxelai
exobxx calls the cops while zusyijqak does not, so zusyijqak is not more honest than exobxx
bjwfhzsugo calls the cops while ehvy does not, so ehvy is not more honest than bjwfhzsugo
gesibrg leaves the country while fvkgvfq does not, so gesibrg is more likely to be fleeing than fvkgvfq
wrcv leaves the country while iecmkzyyqb does not, so wrcv is more likely to be fleeing than iecmkzyyqb
xqrfrbdfo leaves the country while xsthhwolwsvx does not, so xqrfrbdfo is more likely to be fleeing than xsthhwolwsvx
qqzwehbrjiyi leaves the country while ozdwojw does not, so qqzwehbrjiyi is more likely to be fleeing than ozdwojw
ikbdewlztu leaves the country while emamnr does not, so ikbdewlztu is more likely to be fleeing than emamnr
aduepbxa leaves the country while twqcrlz does not, so twqcrlz is less likely to be fleeing than aduepbxa
izlwdp leaves the country while ldkgfn does not, so ldkgfn is less likely to be fleeing than izlwdp
uqfgdsc leaves the country while ruac does not, so ruac is less likely to be fleeing than uqfgdsc
qzqzxesesob leaves the country while qhjhwbxp does not, so qhjhwbxp is less likely to be fleeing than qzqzxesesob
vnsalt leaves the country while vudry does not, so vudry is less likely to be fleeing than vnsalt
dfze leaves the country while jercphrcd does not, so dfze is not less likely to be fleeing than jercphrcd
oqpl leaves the country while ffnulb does not, so oqpl is not less likely to be fleeing than ffnulb
atkahpnkrqq leaves the country while iawslgtddsaf does not, so atkahpnkrqq is not less likely to be fleeing than iawslgtddsaf
kvhzdw leaves the country while ayvwb does not, so kvhzdw is not less likely to be fleeing than ayvwb
ebbtrehwojvc leaves the country while mvrabuqshca does not, so ebbtrehwojvc is not less likely to be fleeing than mvrabuqshca
dpiao leaves the country while bmtrj does not, so bmtrj is not more likely to be fleeing than dpiao
vgwqlrdll leaves the country while ungmglovel does not, so ungmglovel is not more likely to be fleeing than vgwqlrdll
arrrwmpvs leaves the country while lluvjfqmeu does not, so lluvjfqmeu is not more likely to be fleeing than arrrwmpvs
gfkv leaves the country while frvxzghnhc does not, so frvxzghnhc is not more likely to be fleeing than gfkv
oydyhyzzgn leaves the country while uniexdpmue does not, so uniexdpmue is not more likely to be fleeing than oydyhyzzgn
gnndwafko brings another person back to life while uvtad does not, so gnndwafko is more skilled than uvtad
lgqrzvkvpl brings another person back to life while fxzhdprxvo does not, so lgqrzvkvpl is more skilled than fxzhdprxvo
fjeej brings another person back to life while qpje does not, so fjeej is more skilled than qpje
uok brings another person back to life while hfmw does not, so uok is more skilled than hfmw
kvjvjla brings another person back to life while zkzstyz does not, so kvjvjla is more skilled than zkzstyz
vup brings another person back to life while fzixezqwhu does not, so fzixezqwhu is less skilled than vup
vnjlbvet brings another person back to life while dhzyvdz does not, so dhzyvdz is less skilled than vnjlbvet
fyvzqsj brings another person back to life while mrnqvrvc does not, so mrnqvrvc is less skilled than fyvzqsj
abpxoacoev brings another person back to life while yawb does not, so yawb is less skilled than abpxoacoev
fmoofvcct brings another person back to life while kvygzqf does not, so kvygzqf is less skilled than fmoofvcct
efblxsjceozl brings another person back to life while jnffwyzpibez does not, so efblxsjceozl is not less skilled than jnffwyzpibez
aszxn brings another person back to life while imawykssz does not, so aszxn is not less skilled than imawykssz
hwv brings another person back to life while jslyqm does not, so hwv is not less skilled than jslyqm
ctoy brings another person back to life while jky does not, so ctoy is not less skilled than jky
djhqxjoffca brings another person back to life while qitzmxi does not, so djhqxjoffca is not less skilled than qitzmxi
krrvgdj brings another person back to life while hnf does not, so hnf is not more skilled than krrvgdj
gattrmks brings another person back to life while lqsvpjchyzqs does not, so lqsvpjchyzqs is not more skilled than gattrmks
zjyrzx brings another person back to life while ckil does not, so ckil is not more skilled than zjyrzx
beqacz brings another person back to life while dkq does not, so dkq is not more skilled than beqacz
bdceoi brings another person back to life while lpwbmscg does not, so lpwbmscg is not more skilled than bdceoi
bhsi replaces the bulb while qyryfnonlpp does not, so bhsi is more competent than qyryfnonlpp
kbcln replaces the bulb while clpazokiliin does not, so kbcln is more competent than clpazokiliin
ystl replaces the bulb while mddakkvco does not, so ystl is more competent than mddakkvco
qxtorhgpxc replaces the bulb while jlggzwgtie does not, so qxtorhgpxc is more competent than jlggzwgtie
kpwjx replaces the bulb while sewzoisteb does not, so kpwjx is more competent than sewzoisteb
qosfmdg replaces the bulb while mcyviyex does not, so mcyviyex is less competent than qosfmdg
quinoaesmfgg replaces the bulb while tmyi does not, so tmyi is less competent than quinoaesmfgg
ejfgszfx replaces the bulb while lqa does not, so lqa is less competent than ejfgszfx
ztcrxxxjw replaces the bulb while iqdjalkjpnq does not, so iqdjalkjpnq is less competent than ztcrxxxjw
brhjbw replaces the bulb while eawzr does not, so eawzr is less competent than brhjbw
vmsjqxcam replaces the bulb while lny does not, so vmsjqxcam is not less competent than lny
uczwf replaces the bulb while pxuipjfv does not, so uczwf is not less competent than pxuipjfv
mhnfyxkcl replaces the bulb while hgutjxt does not, so mhnfyxkcl is not less competent than hgutjxt
gcybqxdiwpa replaces the bulb while ubxz does not, so gcybqxdiwpa is not less competent than ubxz
naqivtojfq replaces the bulb while oaovjwhueqb does not, so naqivtojfq is not less competent than oaovjwhueqb
nskcl replaces the bulb while soilhyizmlc does not, so soilhyizmlc is not more competent than nskcl
pnoegzvbcch replaces the bulb while kxrpe does not, so kxrpe is not more competent than pnoegzvbcch
ylaek replaces the bulb while oxyl does not, so oxyl is not more competent than ylaek
kthtvnkqhech replaces the bulb while xuohfunrmvw does not, so xuohfunrmvw is not more competent than kthtvnkqhech
mqaaxl replaces the bulb while wbaeguoh does not, so wbaeguoh is not more competent than mqaaxl
krwzem depends upon the temperature while iibhc does not, so krwzem is less reliable than iibhc
qvdif depends upon the temperature while bbt does not, so qvdif is less reliable than bbt
hkycr depends upon the temperature while ess does not, so hkycr is less reliable than ess
xgdv depends upon the temperature while uzbhyjmnza does not, so xgdv is less reliable than uzbhyjmnza
rpyat depends upon the temperature while hzgpfzffvmzi does not, so rpyat is less reliable than hzgpfzffvmzi
tsftaisjwpb depends upon the temperature while mbi does not, so mbi is more reliable than tsftaisjwpb
crfuq depends upon the temperature while tte does not, so tte is more reliable than crfuq
cxnx depends upon the temperature while ueimoi does not, so ueimoi is more reliable than cxnx
utbrcfn depends upon the temperature while cymv does not, so cymv is more reliable than utbrcfn
onanpb depends upon the temperature while wpyvmurapajb does not, so wpyvmurapajb is more reliable than onanpb
oguuegtabmt depends upon the temperature while fmu does not, so oguuegtabmt is not more reliable than fmu
wqgqixgpfbz depends upon the temperature while bfw does not, so wqgqixgpfbz is not more reliable than bfw
qogxcymhz depends upon the temperature while ftnvkrudww does not, so qogxcymhz is not more reliable than ftnvkrudww
epvmdsy depends upon the temperature while dwypxf does not, so epvmdsy is not more reliable than dwypxf
skmqirn depends upon the temperature while wrjdeydqwz does not, so skmqirn is not more reliable than wrjdeydqwz
lew depends upon the temperature while radvdmzhka does not, so radvdmzhka is not more reliable than lew
znicqvjy depends upon the temperature while jpaimvhwocl does not, so jpaimvhwocl is not more reliable than znicqvjy
rlwyz depends upon the temperature while aptgseb does not, so aptgseb is not more reliable than rlwyz
rwltsxbcr depends upon the temperature while uxkeoa does not, so uxkeoa is not more reliable than rwltsxbcr
yhbegznowh depends upon the temperature while nqogi does not, so nqogi is not more reliable than yhbegznowh
xtkfufc worships the ground another person walks on more than fdiym, so xtkfufc is more fawning than fdiym
llucce worships the ground another person walks on more than uhff, so llucce is more fawning than uhff
nqadsrnjd worships the ground another person walks on more than hflk, so nqadsrnjd is more fawning than hflk
sxyqomhrw worships the ground another person walks on more than dfzcwc, so sxyqomhrw is more fawning than dfzcwc
gyxzm worships the ground another person walks on more than qupjf, so gyxzm is more fawning than qupjf
aofuns worships the ground another person walks on more than vitnrederoc, so vitnrederoc is less fawning than aofuns
ynfhmyycmma worships the ground another person walks on more than wcszgczxvdv, so wcszgczxvdv is less fawning than ynfhmyycmma
qdy worships the ground another person walks on more than zsqeojf, so zsqeojf is less fawning than qdy
ybr worships the ground another person walks on more than wbqapxukn, so wbqapxukn is less fawning than ybr
xac worships the ground another person walks on more than eksrbbl, so eksrbbl is less fawning than xac
phjlq worships the ground another person walks on more than zcekfswyacmr, so phjlq is not less fawning than zcekfswyacmr
iwgfebgesit worships the ground another person walks on more than yjrpaobi, so iwgfebgesit is not less fawning than yjrpaobi
ahkkcy worships the ground another person walks on more than sbnmfhwzf, so ahkkcy is not less fawning than sbnmfhwzf
rqeh worships the ground another person walks on more than zkohjfo, so rqeh is not less fawning than zkohjfo
wqqby worships the ground another person walks on more than aiihxl, so wqqby is not less fawning than aiihxl
pcrnxmcuwzg worships the ground another person walks on more than zwe, so zwe is not more fawning than pcrnxmcuwzg
mlqlzj worships the ground another person walks on more than tgtfguacjtt, so tgtfguacjtt is not more fawning than mlqlzj
vnkwswghd worships the ground another person walks on more than fshuxqib, so fshuxqib is not more fawning than vnkwswghd
oaw worships the ground another person walks on more than mrl, so mrl is not more fawning than oaw
vgnqolftb worships the ground another person walks on more than evhwosb, so evhwosb is not more fawning than vgnqolftb
jwpvs hears a knock on their door while ntdajkpra does not, so jwpvs is more curious than ntdajkpra
xuschpkmr hears a knock on their door while sbfdiqd does not, so xuschpkmr is more curious than sbfdiqd
juitu hears a knock on their door while ovzrzcls does not, so juitu is more curious than ovzrzcls
lhxmqzfafav hears a knock on their door while zzv does not, so lhxmqzfafav is more curious than zzv
tlwenh hears a knock on their door while xrwlguuog does not, so tlwenh is more curious than xrwlguuog
lqfwsizysjab hears a knock on their door while hylqetsk does not, so hylqetsk is less curious than lqfwsizysjab
cuufopymuwt hears a knock on their door while musupslhqdgn does not, so musupslhqdgn is less curious than cuufopymuwt
blslntaiytm hears a knock on their door while ekcebcrfy does not, so ekcebcrfy is less curious than blslntaiytm
wavuwwpjzx hears a knock on their door while mrtixyjaubeo does not, so mrtixyjaubeo is less curious than wavuwwpjzx
alr hears a knock on their door while mcldim does not, so mcldim is less curious than alr
hyxzbxxpodwy hears a knock on their door while acyhatl does not, so hyxzbxxpodwy is not less curious than acyhatl
iqqzuwjpmqy hears a knock on their door while iecpnj does not, so iqqzuwjpmqy is not less curious than iecpnj
pulnyih hears a knock on their door while xgwbyuqrou does not, so pulnyih is not less curious than xgwbyuqrou
jiclxtl hears a knock on their door while gxu does not, so jiclxtl is not less curious than gxu
obgafbai hears a knock on their door while wbbi does not, so obgafbai is not less curious than wbbi
tuhmrp hears a knock on their door while qehibu does not, so qehibu is not more curious than tuhmrp
sxde hears a knock on their door while iyuvbvtvgus does not, so iyuvbvtvgus is not more curious than sxde
xgukklmvt hears a knock on their door while rlewkoafls does not, so rlewkoafls is not more curious than xgukklmvt
ldyaat hears a knock on their door while jijtd does not, so jijtd is not more curious than ldyaat
xws hears a knock on their door while ptp does not, so ptp is not more curious than xws
zgbprhlq tells another person was pregnant while rfufarsasxe does not, so zgbprhlq is more excited than rfufarsasxe
extcdodjfwh tells another person was pregnant while vcoexqca does not, so extcdodjfwh is more excited than vcoexqca
jlomistua tells another person was pregnant while njw does not, so jlomistua is more excited than njw
yba tells another person was pregnant while jewkhlzcbk does not, so yba is more excited than jewkhlzcbk
xyjulubtf tells another person was pregnant while pqcudzto does not, so xyjulubtf is more excited than pqcudzto
wkj tells another person was pregnant while hdxi does not, so hdxi is less excited than wkj
uzpwjfkubvd tells another person was pregnant while gdal does not, so gdal is less excited than uzpwjfkubvd
dht tells another person was pregnant while ipytzsiaihue does not, so ipytzsiaihue is less excited than dht
ear tells another person was pregnant while lsvaktfif does not, so lsvaktfif is less excited than ear
stnotiaslnm tells another person was pregnant while uazbdfcxhhlj does not, so uazbdfcxhhlj is less excited than stnotiaslnm
hiatvicdk tells another person was pregnant while tkham does not, so hiatvicdk is not less excited than tkham
nke tells another person was pregnant while tessgsz does not, so nke is not less excited than tessgsz
yzmgmaruu tells another person was pregnant while gmbfkmusvzer does not, so yzmgmaruu is not less excited than gmbfkmusvzer
mwhck tells another person was pregnant while cufkvavsv does not, so mwhck is not less excited than cufkvavsv
nsaefmog tells another person was pregnant while eobvff does not, so nsaefmog is not less excited than eobvff
qgthlfpky tells another person was pregnant while sddfjx does not, so sddfjx is not more excited than qgthlfpky
absflcvfyan tells another person was pregnant while yrznieec does not, so yrznieec is not more excited than absflcvfyan
yiiitmg tells another person was pregnant while hcpftevb does not, so hcpftevb is not more excited than yiiitmg
yaubt tells another person was pregnant while dpfks does not, so dpfks is not more excited than yaubt
vknes tells another person was pregnant while cntrauxzdxw does not, so cntrauxzdxw is not more excited than vknes
tdiigosmje rides another person's bike while xbxv does not, so tdiigosmje is more adventurous than xbxv
olbq rides another person's bike while dxmkxyearkt does not, so olbq is more adventurous than dxmkxyearkt
rkakjh rides another person's bike while ktogtznqfldz does not, so rkakjh is more adventurous than ktogtznqfldz
wfkqhs rides another person's bike while wgt does not, so wfkqhs is more adventurous than wgt
uvoyic rides another person's bike while ydjhnh does not, so uvoyic is more adventurous than ydjhnh
pcopey rides another person's bike while hmpe does not, so hmpe is less adventurous than pcopey
cmcpzi rides another person's bike while jxt does not, so jxt is less adventurous than cmcpzi
slvd rides another person's bike while inxvthytyqq does not, so inxvthytyqq is less adventurous than slvd
tircl rides another person's bike while vrellahmplg does not, so vrellahmplg is less adventurous than tircl
qvso rides another person's bike while dwwabsmn does not, so dwwabsmn is less adventurous than qvso
uuczi rides another person's bike while vkvzfvids does not, so uuczi is not less adventurous than vkvzfvids
yacdikxyuf rides another person's bike while afglonynmm does not, so yacdikxyuf is not less adventurous than afglonynmm
eqoxtrcle rides another person's bike while sgrqsdbf does not, so eqoxtrcle is not less adventurous than sgrqsdbf
pvuasrvam rides another person's bike while ipdcdmnogr does not, so pvuasrvam is not less adventurous than ipdcdmnogr
pdzmrngxp rides another person's bike while gormeguhejy does not, so pdzmrngxp is not less adventurous than gormeguhejy
epq rides another person's bike while wycwvzvg does not, so wycwvzvg is not more adventurous than epq
ydmpzyogr rides another person's bike while ysde does not, so ysde is not more adventurous than ydmpzyogr
qbgeib rides another person's bike while gjls does not, so gjls is not more adventurous than qbgeib
qqlctliwjn rides another person's bike while sruri does not, so sruri is not more adventurous than qqlctliwjn
kfbovqk rides another person's bike while ftaynjmn does not, so ftaynjmn is not more adventurous than kfbovqk
cwnrcl lets another person's head fall back while ktq does not, so cwnrcl is less loving than ktq
akkqkjwynra lets another person's head fall back while zrbqyr does not, so akkqkjwynra is less loving than zrbqyr
lidxhk lets another person's head fall back while xrpautnv does not, so lidxhk is less loving than xrpautnv
irjkxxiltw lets another person's head fall back while mbkkyod does not, so irjkxxiltw is less loving than mbkkyod
ieltbkrbss lets another person's head fall back while tdqqlzlmgo does not, so ieltbkrbss is less loving than tdqqlzlmgo
syzqascpxha lets another person's head fall back while rcthayzuxn does not, so rcthayzuxn is less loving than syzqascpxha
xdmlilhencge lets another person's head fall back while xbzg does not, so xbzg is less loving than xdmlilhencge
hogruzeocb lets another person's head fall back while xbrs does not, so xbrs is less loving than hogruzeocb
xyei lets another person's head fall back while izvagdr does not, so izvagdr is less loving than xyei
gysnt lets another person's head fall back while qatrxlfdhet does not, so qatrxlfdhet is less loving than gysnt
yycvmqpaubkc lets another person's head fall back while xgecdyz does not, so yycvmqpaubkc is not more loving than xgecdyz
zolsx lets another person's head fall back while cxuipz does not, so zolsx is not more loving than cxuipz
ejyuxcojncj lets another person's head fall back while ipiqott does not, so ejyuxcojncj is not more loving than ipiqott
muxabg lets another person's head fall back while bop does not, so muxabg is not more loving than bop
zfcyzzyn lets another person's head fall back while iuhq does not, so zfcyzzyn is not more loving than iuhq
coxfqrmfrad lets another person's head fall back while fcnr does not, so fcnr is not more loving than coxfqrmfrad
rmdnefd lets another person's head fall back while lcoseelip does not, so lcoseelip is not more loving than rmdnefd
mzdmsgf lets another person's head fall back while ngz does not, so ngz is not more loving than mzdmsgf
qmloyviyx lets another person's head fall back while dwf does not, so dwf is not more loving than qmloyviyx
jyiyzv lets another person's head fall back while wvxqjwbuc does not, so wvxqjwbuc is not more loving than jyiyzv
uxektmzjf hands another person his hat while efxx does not, so uxektmzjf is more helpful than efxx
umrwfzm hands another person his hat while nmseeia does not, so umrwfzm is more helpful than nmseeia
zfjvviyubfgn hands another person his hat while ftw does not, so zfjvviyubfgn is more helpful than ftw
javumc hands another person his hat while wghwh does not, so javumc is more helpful than wghwh
hfumfgutez hands another person his hat while zpkkqz does not, so hfumfgutez is more helpful than zpkkqz
jlyl hands another person his hat while jwbkjebmrab does not, so jwbkjebmrab is less helpful than jlyl
yyvhcamkiphh hands another person his hat while poyuh does not, so poyuh is less helpful than yyvhcamkiphh
puwzoq hands another person his hat while vdl does not, so vdl is less helpful than puwzoq
orbldi hands another person his hat while kzbtgbsoob does not, so kzbtgbsoob is less helpful than orbldi
rilwa hands another person his hat while gxft does not, so gxft is less helpful than rilwa
veu hands another person his hat while ckmgortyu does not, so veu is not less helpful than ckmgortyu
pbjlrec hands another person his hat while ouvsriyvdv does not, so pbjlrec is not less helpful than ouvsriyvdv
xxrbvezqydeo hands another person his hat while qlldqgwt does not, so xxrbvezqydeo is not less helpful than qlldqgwt
yaaqg hands another person his hat while femm does not, so yaaqg is not less helpful than femm
tzrp hands another person his hat while mnhfkx does not, so tzrp is not less helpful than mnhfkx
mcdexjmveqy hands another person his hat while zuiyzmouyazs does not, so zuiyzmouyazs is not more helpful than mcdexjmveqy
iufgtdqdll hands another person his hat while pyy does not, so pyy is not more helpful than iufgtdqdll
jfwxljboda hands another person his hat while ofkw does not, so ofkw is not more helpful than jfwxljboda
zqusoovgo hands another person his hat while pykrtt does not, so pykrtt is not more helpful than zqusoovgo
ynj hands another person his hat while updyaflgdja does not, so updyaflgdja is not more helpful than ynj
jmesmsdqbekh quits understanding objective reality while lzrpryifoye does not, so jmesmsdqbekh is more insane than lzrpryifoye
svhnduscd quits understanding objective reality while yvetmetctqzx does not, so svhnduscd is more insane than yvetmetctqzx
znymlur quits understanding objective reality while vju does not, so znymlur is more insane than vju
ohyrqnzajhr quits understanding objective reality while sfidrbnipqy does not, so ohyrqnzajhr is more insane than sfidrbnipqy
kfb quits understanding objective reality while vtxadkbifmrx does not, so kfb is more insane than vtxadkbifmrx
smiixmyryufs quits understanding objective reality while swqqlmxu does not, so swqqlmxu is less insane than smiixmyryufs
htbxoof quits understanding objective reality while msped does not, so msped is less insane than htbxoof
fhrclggatmpj quits understanding objective reality while fbia does not, so fbia is less insane than fhrclggatmpj
gzd quits understanding objective reality while otvc does not, so otvc is less insane than gzd
pufehk quits understanding objective reality while yrqzh does not, so yrqzh is less insane than pufehk
jzshivdqasot quits understanding objective reality while njoefvav does not, so jzshivdqasot is not less insane than njoefvav
sfgevhfb quits understanding objective reality while rpwcj does not, so sfgevhfb is not less insane than rpwcj
ifhapltyebun quits understanding objective reality while tozcftim does not, so ifhapltyebun is not less insane than tozcftim
xpizarmmpeqb quits understanding objective reality while jzzw does not, so xpizarmmpeqb is not less insane than jzzw
ilfto quits understanding objective reality while xksggpcpjqd does not, so ilfto is not less insane than xksggpcpjqd
asjzci quits understanding objective reality while wslls does not, so wslls is not more insane than asjzci
giiioeinfgx quits understanding objective reality while itxvrlbcnzt does not, so itxvrlbcnzt is not more insane than giiioeinfgx
gxlc quits understanding objective reality while tapbffrcne does not, so tapbffrcne is not more insane than gxlc
rhaigzuuou quits understanding objective reality while szijxuus does not, so szijxuus is not more insane than rhaigzuuou
bkax quits understanding objective reality while qbtudqyedos does not, so qbtudqyedos is not more insane than bkax
cjmqgx forgets to set their alarm while eeovzheut does not, so cjmqgx is less unconcerned than eeovzheut
gwhneelxbrg forgets to set their alarm while klrqpjlqmy does not, so gwhneelxbrg is less unconcerned than klrqpjlqmy
lmeauxi forgets to set their alarm while ogzmtu does not, so lmeauxi is less unconcerned than ogzmtu
eaa forgets to set their alarm while lbudvpu does not, so eaa is less unconcerned than lbudvpu
uvgtvd forgets to set their alarm while bwyln does not, so uvgtvd is less unconcerned than bwyln
wnvapju forgets to set their alarm while rydvbezb does not, so rydvbezb is less unconcerned than wnvapju
pfjapwtguwv forgets to set their alarm while pcmycsgfmd does not, so pcmycsgfmd is less unconcerned than pfjapwtguwv
azphdwsiev forgets to set their alarm while mxmszfkjwfy does not, so mxmszfkjwfy is less unconcerned than azphdwsiev
pyecq forgets to set their alarm while wsyxvw does not, so wsyxvw is less unconcerned than pyecq
kwkyaoisjzqm forgets to set their alarm while orkiyzxfgogd does not, so orkiyzxfgogd is less unconcerned than kwkyaoisjzqm
pdpoygmg forgets to set their alarm more than xhmwrbcmxswl, so pdpoygmg is not less unconcerned than xhmwrbcmxswl
wyrzni forgets to set their alarm more than nirixa, so wyrzni is not less unconcerned than nirixa
ykbcj forgets to set their alarm more than ghwvqnbs, so ykbcj is not less unconcerned than ghwvqnbs
txkyqxnxnlpq forgets to set their alarm more than gcv, so txkyqxnxnlpq is not less unconcerned than gcv
xlgvtdgcif forgets to set their alarm more than jfrwpekihq, so xlgvtdgcif is not less unconcerned than jfrwpekihq
ndarqozxvdo forgets to set their alarm while xezowwg does not, so xezowwg is not more unconcerned than ndarqozxvdo
pgnzh forgets to set their alarm while wlhiwhabzvwr does not, so wlhiwhabzvwr is not more unconcerned than pgnzh
lvjs forgets to set their alarm while dqtueurd does not, so dqtueurd is not more unconcerned than lvjs
hupgjyekjd forgets to set their alarm while dxx does not, so dxx is not more unconcerned than hupgjyekjd
uqpblyf forgets to set their alarm while jmzu does not, so jmzu is not more unconcerned than uqpblyf
aoswwrsoejni eats chinese food while pqeof does not, so aoswwrsoejni is more starving than pqeof
mhiqcm eats chinese food while rwkzocnah does not, so mhiqcm is more starving than rwkzocnah
azqist eats chinese food while uxfpbspq does not, so azqist is more starving than uxfpbspq
hokfotjywgc eats chinese food while zxk does not, so hokfotjywgc is more starving than zxk
iqiuegsvdukn eats chinese food while oqnlfk does not, so iqiuegsvdukn is more starving than oqnlfk
mrdxxjtxqcel eats chinese food while oja does not, so oja is less starving than mrdxxjtxqcel
olodm eats chinese food while mjeyywneflp does not, so mjeyywneflp is less starving than olodm
gouhgz eats chinese food while mtov does not, so mtov is less starving than gouhgz
hxrwpr eats chinese food while mrbd does not, so mrbd is less starving than hxrwpr
msyf eats chinese food while wuatoozo does not, so wuatoozo is less starving than msyf
fslams eats chinese food while dvfa does not, so fslams is not less starving than dvfa
hdin eats chinese food while zerfvrtf does not, so hdin is not less starving than zerfvrtf
lumr eats chinese food while obzzcy does not, so lumr is not less starving than obzzcy
ohtxkjpmtqf eats chinese food while ozpttctxvrh does not, so ohtxkjpmtqf is not less starving than ozpttctxvrh
orf eats chinese food while yyp does not, so orf is not less starving than yyp
fzkssof eats chinese food while pkiqd does not, so pkiqd is not more starving than fzkssof
fitmy eats chinese food while qsaqynnf does not, so qsaqynnf is not more starving than fitmy
xtt eats chinese food while ffkbodfj does not, so ffkbodfj is not more starving than xtt
jhy eats chinese food while twemtk does not, so twemtk is not more starving than jhy
iwwfehdf eats chinese food while mvqpl does not, so mvqpl is not more starving than iwwfehdf
icmzwnybv walks their dogs while fqsu does not, so icmzwnybv is less steadfast than fqsu
nvkmvcqbs walks their dogs while osumv does not, so nvkmvcqbs is less steadfast than osumv
nhjkprflkqq walks their dogs while ofsnldy does not, so nhjkprflkqq is less steadfast than ofsnldy
zke walks their dogs while tpucov does not, so zke is less steadfast than tpucov
vanxadq walks their dogs while ovrbkukhl does not, so vanxadq is less steadfast than ovrbkukhl
ufuqs walks their dogs while zeqqgerklia does not, so zeqqgerklia is less steadfast than ufuqs
lka walks their dogs while zyybiziw does not, so zyybiziw is less steadfast than lka
nnyjyhfami walks their dogs while yhfrepuyddr does not, so yhfrepuyddr is less steadfast than nnyjyhfami
thp walks their dogs while exxkgfxho does not, so exxkgfxho is less steadfast than thp
muasltsbtkdl walks their dogs while dntiaeabpxu does not, so dntiaeabpxu is less steadfast than muasltsbtkdl
hzaqstixv walks their dogs while ned does not, so hzaqstixv is not less steadfast than ned
cpshskjmo walks their dogs while jfnnqislxi does not, so cpshskjmo is not less steadfast than jfnnqislxi
kgeh walks their dogs while rtds does not, so kgeh is not less steadfast than rtds
htwztwlyczu walks their dogs while hcpeptfdv does not, so htwztwlyczu is not less steadfast than hcpeptfdv
mpjufreuu walks their dogs while nsexqqud does not, so mpjufreuu is not less steadfast than nsexqqud
zug walks their dogs while eahkp does not, so eahkp is not more steadfast than zug
qwjr walks their dogs while opp does not, so opp is not more steadfast than qwjr
xptwy walks their dogs while ecbky does not, so ecbky is not more steadfast than xptwy
eptdsti walks their dogs while epwtkibs does not, so epwtkibs is not more steadfast than eptdsti
tzaehfa walks their dogs while ynvu does not, so ynvu is not more steadfast than tzaehfa
ddatgjkeksow asks another person's wife while mwnh does not, so ddatgjkeksow is more curious than mwnh
pkcwtov asks another person's wife while pbezd does not, so pkcwtov is more curious than pbezd
vkm asks another person's wife while mgpn does not, so vkm is more curious than mgpn
mmcxvtr asks another person's wife while rssolmvfbq does not, so mmcxvtr is more curious than rssolmvfbq
txgpvyiulsyq asks another person's wife while kni does not, so txgpvyiulsyq is more curious than kni
kgqgu asks another person's wife while pbrtywilrbin does not, so pbrtywilrbin is less curious than kgqgu
cnpysuyr asks another person's wife while kfxazm does not, so kfxazm is less curious than cnpysuyr
ceiyopc asks another person's wife while gkugriruapla does not, so gkugriruapla is less curious than ceiyopc
jafb asks another person's wife while gfawsn does not, so gfawsn is less curious than jafb
jvxaqdcvj asks another person's wife while nxxsvumims does not, so nxxsvumims is less curious than jvxaqdcvj
nezfd asks another person's wife while tlla does not, so nezfd is not less curious than tlla
mmadnkicgfgy asks another person's wife while azr does not, so mmadnkicgfgy is not less curious than azr
zlcntxjtt asks another person's wife while sjegxmbl does not, so zlcntxjtt is not less curious than sjegxmbl
hctqphsy asks another person's wife while gwnjyqoyuj does not, so hctqphsy is not less curious than gwnjyqoyuj
ggkwbgwvr asks another person's wife while frjornwj does not, so ggkwbgwvr is not less curious than frjornwj
bphamsz asks another person's wife while wgamtcvnc does not, so wgamtcvnc is not more curious than bphamsz
shdwvvvs asks another person's wife while gdzqgck does not, so gdzqgck is not more curious than shdwvvvs
dpgcfdxx asks another person's wife while mhuapv does not, so mhuapv is not more curious than dpgcfdxx
robvioysthme asks another person's wife while lpcmhtdqsd does not, so lpcmhtdqsd is not more curious than robvioysthme
fzojzldrrmc asks another person's wife while ecufevoh does not, so ecufevoh is not more curious than fzojzldrrmc
kksbz plays it safe while wvwcq does not, so kksbz is more cautious than wvwcq
xzjwctx plays it safe while abzvnske does not, so xzjwctx is more cautious than abzvnske
zgqz plays it safe while ovxcvvch does not, so zgqz is more cautious than ovxcvvch
jgfe plays it safe while avagubpdphsa does not, so jgfe is more cautious than avagubpdphsa
usssdfxn plays it safe while unyk does not, so usssdfxn is more cautious than unyk
bgzillw plays it safe while hmz does not, so hmz is less cautious than bgzillw
mcqpgwazx plays it safe while nvuvppzzg does not, so nvuvppzzg is less cautious than mcqpgwazx
xdiromuer plays it safe while oqqqoqpltt does not, so oqqqoqpltt is less cautious than xdiromuer
zlpfvkssfda plays it safe while izqjate does not, so izqjate is less cautious than zlpfvkssfda
guoganuspxcl plays it safe while nvwjfxrtchmp does not, so nvwjfxrtchmp is less cautious than guoganuspxcl
horvgyq plays it safe while uxxtfsbj does not, so horvgyq is not less cautious than uxxtfsbj
nvgukapnn plays it safe while fhatvmictsmd does not, so nvgukapnn is not less cautious than fhatvmictsmd
gzgwn plays it safe while cuxejeio does not, so gzgwn is not less cautious than cuxejeio
bqj plays it safe while sdfdlysks does not, so bqj is not less cautious than sdfdlysks
oxzivypk plays it safe while ngknyfdr does not, so oxzivypk is not less cautious than ngknyfdr
dwjuu plays it safe while mlsrhhxj does not, so mlsrhhxj is not more cautious than dwjuu
gccpnywdjxgl plays it safe while ylzzkjbkbent does not, so ylzzkjbkbent is not more cautious than gccpnywdjxgl
uhrunhg plays it safe while dhdxdxquy does not, so dhdxdxquy is not more cautious than uhrunhg
eawo plays it safe while akhswhwpqjnm does not, so akhswhwpqjnm is not more cautious than eawo
mqolcvhql plays it safe while dwbmsgdjio does not, so dwbmsgdjio is not more cautious than mqolcvhql
rnbqnclizlog tells jeff something while ieylnonucer does not, so rnbqnclizlog is more talkative than ieylnonucer
ihnkxhrvplxz tells jeff something while ymxoytdjz does not, so ihnkxhrvplxz is more talkative than ymxoytdjz
kuik tells jeff something while gyqws does not, so kuik is more talkative than gyqws
afnnytpsg tells jeff something while rwl does not, so afnnytpsg is more talkative than rwl
xnqwiflzcn tells jeff something while eqqhlkfis does not, so xnqwiflzcn is more talkative than eqqhlkfis
rjijvo tells jeff something while zhuef does not, so zhuef is less talkative than rjijvo
numuueguqrum tells jeff something while ygsliqirqb does not, so ygsliqirqb is less talkative than numuueguqrum
qvdpdrsz tells jeff something while hpzjd does not, so hpzjd is less talkative than qvdpdrsz
ujzi tells jeff something while lzygygaprayk does not, so lzygygaprayk is less talkative than ujzi
rzivtlkir tells jeff something while pzol does not, so pzol is less talkative than rzivtlkir
imqxi tells jeff something while qmxqxtmmwrh does not, so imqxi is not less talkative than qmxqxtmmwrh
mojbjplvzgvq tells jeff something while tnxkhwtmaccn does not, so mojbjplvzgvq is not less talkative than tnxkhwtmaccn
lpj tells jeff something while dggoo does not, so lpj is not less talkative than dggoo
fmhxbhjcfmzz tells jeff something while wktmlti does not, so fmhxbhjcfmzz is not less talkative than wktmlti
bwdtvo tells jeff something while pmlabt does not, so bwdtvo is not less talkative than pmlabt
mqbahqa tells jeff something while dyfvhmp does not, so dyfvhmp is not more talkative than mqbahqa
cyxoej tells jeff something while woaers does not, so woaers is not more talkative than cyxoej
bfdroxueyo tells jeff something while uvkgc does not, so uvkgc is not more talkative than bfdroxueyo
rby tells jeff something while sfxmlkbai does not, so sfxmlkbai is not more talkative than rby
nllz tells jeff something while svzoqxx does not, so svzoqxx is not more talkative than nllz
ggwndwdkulr looks at another person's wife while ytmp does not, so ggwndwdkulr is more aware than ytmp
ghzdrfel looks at another person's wife while okvbscvghz does not, so ghzdrfel is more aware than okvbscvghz
zvahsorhz looks at another person's wife while jpuwrydst does not, so zvahsorhz is more aware than jpuwrydst
vdh looks at another person's wife while aybud does not, so vdh is more aware than aybud
ockrxerr looks at another person's wife while twyxiqtd does not, so ockrxerr is more aware than twyxiqtd
fpekbwmpr looks at another person's wife while udzaiwsh does not, so udzaiwsh is less aware than fpekbwmpr
geiijftvcw looks at another person's wife while wzx does not, so wzx is less aware than geiijftvcw
chnvioxgpnu looks at another person's wife while dadxkolaxr does not, so dadxkolaxr is less aware than chnvioxgpnu
jjjrgxtymwcb looks at another person's wife while afkvwvxycl does not, so afkvwvxycl is less aware than jjjrgxtymwcb
stqldeqq looks at another person's wife while ydtude does not, so ydtude is less aware than stqldeqq
rrq looks at another person's wife while dnbrjsp does not, so rrq is not less aware than dnbrjsp
jgk looks at another person's wife while hzkxebmpi does not, so jgk is not less aware than hzkxebmpi
kuu looks at another person's wife while zhzvpjiila does not, so kuu is not less aware than zhzvpjiila
ammvdl looks at another person's wife while hpplh does not, so ammvdl is not less aware than hpplh
hgrtejjk looks at another person's wife while ljfjaqedylxa does not, so hgrtejjk is not less aware than ljfjaqedylxa
uygvau looks at another person's wife while lhz does not, so lhz is not more aware than uygvau
fcrqvswpst looks at another person's wife while kimksahsii does not, so kimksahsii is not more aware than fcrqvswpst
njhbnbre looks at another person's wife while rvv does not, so rvv is not more aware than njhbnbre
clhnuch looks at another person's wife while uetcick does not, so uetcick is not more aware than clhnuch
lcijkkoz looks at another person's wife while xvb does not, so xvb is not more aware than lcijkkoz
kcifiejptcuz grabs something while dsyikfs does not, so kcifiejptcuz is less inspired than dsyikfs
xfvazfvisjw grabs something while fijdsnbm does not, so xfvazfvisjw is less inspired than fijdsnbm
vmyyiah grabs something while ywwrjg does not, so vmyyiah is less inspired than ywwrjg
ocfboizn grabs something while awgyurddvo does not, so ocfboizn is less inspired than awgyurddvo
kerdoe grabs something while dculoyblu does not, so kerdoe is less inspired than dculoyblu
waiqnw grabs something while rrmemknru does not, so rrmemknru is less inspired than waiqnw
mivysqunm grabs something while csokbhtta does not, so csokbhtta is less inspired than mivysqunm
wwfrnmybq grabs something while obcbxudf does not, so obcbxudf is less inspired than wwfrnmybq
zrwcsqqksy grabs something while ymguypd does not, so ymguypd is less inspired than zrwcsqqksy
qbkzncrbc grabs something while brwrnwlgy does not, so brwrnwlgy is less inspired than qbkzncrbc
kcu grabs something while xdsfyrzqqyhr does not, so kcu is not less inspired than xdsfyrzqqyhr
yrvwfgbxn grabs something while nsgthkap does not, so yrvwfgbxn is not less inspired than nsgthkap
htjr grabs something while cepdyrwow does not, so htjr is not less inspired than cepdyrwow
xsr grabs something while nmb does not, so xsr is not less inspired than nmb
lzetxibizmbn grabs something while embifeofic does not, so lzetxibizmbn is not less inspired than embifeofic
bxwpebsavf grabs something while lmsspctzouq does not, so lmsspctzouq is not more inspired than bxwpebsavf
jel grabs something while mgf does not, so mgf is not more inspired than jel
aittet grabs something while wnvii does not, so wnvii is not more inspired than aittet
wqbwhuclct grabs something while aquqeyz does not, so aquqeyz is not more inspired than wqbwhuclct
lohpyqibu grabs something while opovhm does not, so opovhm is not more inspired than lohpyqibu
ieuquxlcv inherits from their father while llqlskahas does not, so ieuquxlcv is more fortunate than llqlskahas
fckhhlfgmm inherits from their father while khpxnecksw does not, so fckhhlfgmm is more fortunate than khpxnecksw
mwihhrkgxcbk inherits from their father while lazlyh does not, so mwihhrkgxcbk is more fortunate than lazlyh
ngrwrm inherits from their father while inoxtm does not, so ngrwrm is more fortunate than inoxtm
jlwd inherits from their father while lksypsac does not, so jlwd is more fortunate than lksypsac
jgunelnym inherits from their father while swoecmyvf does not, so swoecmyvf is less fortunate than jgunelnym
bdxirxylas inherits from their father while llvwduvapx does not, so llvwduvapx is less fortunate than bdxirxylas
sjbom inherits from their father while dahhz does not, so dahhz is less fortunate than sjbom
vrkwi inherits from their father while xcv does not, so xcv is less fortunate than vrkwi
rgpitixq inherits from their father while jvhrzgqmavkx does not, so jvhrzgqmavkx is less fortunate than rgpitixq
mzttcgwm inherits from their father while fsgrhefkvnrl does not, so mzttcgwm is not less fortunate than fsgrhefkvnrl
qyiytesnl inherits from their father while wjdfseswqwg does not, so qyiytesnl is not less fortunate than wjdfseswqwg
ehqyyf inherits from their father while pmd does not, so ehqyyf is not less fortunate than pmd
jxnxhv inherits from their father while pxtcrocdyngs does not, so jxnxhv is not less fortunate than pxtcrocdyngs
dtczaexx inherits from their father while tip does not, so dtczaexx is not less fortunate than tip
pqsgk inherits from their father while vjhezhm does not, so vjhezhm is not more fortunate than pqsgk
xdpwmbpfb inherits from their father while zzgoooy does not, so zzgoooy is not more fortunate than xdpwmbpfb
vtgs inherits from their father while kuwtnayetm does not, so kuwtnayetm is not more fortunate than vtgs
isewjlgk inherits from their father while kpvyeyww does not, so kpvyeyww is not more fortunate than isewjlgk
htmm inherits from their father while ldypdrvgui does not, so ldypdrvgui is not more fortunate than htmm
kgttfvsrbk causes trouble while lifzvsnar does not, so kgttfvsrbk is more mean than lifzvsnar
oyquwefk causes trouble while hdf does not, so oyquwefk is more mean than hdf
mguek causes trouble while mlczjgnxri does not, so mguek is more mean than mlczjgnxri
tbcatind causes trouble while hsimcbwu does not, so tbcatind is more mean than hsimcbwu
ppj causes trouble while wqrlxgydtb does not, so ppj is more mean than wqrlxgydtb
lqey causes trouble while zhzoha does not, so zhzoha is less mean than lqey
zkoickx causes trouble while wndxwo does not, so wndxwo is less mean than zkoickx
euevedqw causes trouble while yommomdnyze does not, so yommomdnyze is less mean than euevedqw
kbungo causes trouble while ljjul does not, so ljjul is less mean than kbungo
zgbc causes trouble while izihj does not, so izihj is less mean than zgbc
xtyzftwagklo causes trouble while pds does not, so xtyzftwagklo is not less mean than pds
xbbmxsgcs causes trouble while pnyydvkzwtp does not, so xbbmxsgcs is not less mean than pnyydvkzwtp
hzkypl causes trouble while nbhw does not, so hzkypl is not less mean than nbhw
nmto causes trouble while gojpj does not, so nmto is not less mean than gojpj
dvpgz causes trouble while ihf does not, so dvpgz is not less mean than ihf
jafmemyozlgk causes trouble while letw does not, so letw is not more mean than jafmemyozlgk
alojhbnvtht causes trouble while vkmafddz does not, so vkmafddz is not more mean than alojhbnvtht
rkzg causes trouble while ubxeygtsv does not, so ubxeygtsv is not more mean than rkzg
esm causes trouble while uyabeznwvst does not, so uyabeznwvst is not more mean than esm
szcskobxj causes trouble while uihomoayzyvu does not, so uihomoayzyvu is not more mean than szcskobxj
tvn gets another person's friends together while wttyxcq does not, so tvn is more caring than wttyxcq
enipjvpoghje gets another person's friends together while hfasictx does not, so enipjvpoghje is more caring than hfasictx
xkiqzd gets another person's friends together while owkfaknoou does not, so xkiqzd is more caring than owkfaknoou
kyzi gets another person's friends together while qlkmdzjdhh does not, so kyzi is more caring than qlkmdzjdhh
tmlmep gets another person's friends together while gcrzb does not, so tmlmep is more caring than gcrzb
vobhvfwm gets another person's friends together while ijelfjzw does not, so ijelfjzw is less caring than vobhvfwm
nonarzlaktg gets another person's friends together while vehwwbut does not, so vehwwbut is less caring than nonarzlaktg
oqfzjvw gets another person's friends together while nmznpjrg does not, so nmznpjrg is less caring than oqfzjvw
rhudqounhmz gets another person's friends together while xxgsxuywp does not, so xxgsxuywp is less caring than rhudqounhmz
ocqafcsev gets another person's friends together while wfjd does not, so wfjd is less caring than ocqafcsev
orqczxkb gets another person's friends together while jscdaaf does not, so orqczxkb is not less caring than jscdaaf
qzoaoclspp gets another person's friends together while wxweczyyhapf does not, so qzoaoclspp is not less caring than wxweczyyhapf
sdqqu gets another person's friends together while khrahcqcu does not, so sdqqu is not less caring than khrahcqcu
oherg gets another person's friends together while uee does not, so oherg is not less caring than uee
cuqdqircas gets another person's friends together while bwdisp does not, so cuqdqircas is not less caring than bwdisp
lniitg gets another person's friends together while ylde does not, so ylde is not more caring than lniitg
bicccnjnasgt gets another person's friends together while rylgpvgat does not, so rylgpvgat is not more caring than bicccnjnasgt
urzse gets another person's friends together while kpmhljwfq does not, so kpmhljwfq is not more caring than urzse
miha gets another person's friends together while gijm does not, so gijm is not more caring than miha
kfus gets another person's friends together while dlmcpfefmena does not, so dlmcpfefmena is not more caring than kfus
ltrbthlcgouj would help another person more than virgruzaf, so ltrbthlcgouj is more friendly than virgruzaf
zuhjgzha would help another person more than jmwo, so zuhjgzha is more friendly than jmwo
dozbb would help another person more than thxa, so dozbb is more friendly than thxa
oocx would help another person more than meccj, so oocx is more friendly than meccj
bbukwwseo would help another person more than opdtlukjj, so bbukwwseo is more friendly than opdtlukjj
vyvsuzgwbly would help another person while tddyzykln does not, so tddyzykln is less friendly than vyvsuzgwbly
bxwsfgzwaft would help another person while frqxje does not, so frqxje is less friendly than bxwsfgzwaft
vnnyhsjaxfmz would help another person while pocglhppklje does not, so pocglhppklje is less friendly than vnnyhsjaxfmz
hfukklu would help another person while rjpxpjr does not, so rjpxpjr is less friendly than hfukklu
gcvpif would help another person while vmewcssdec does not, so vmewcssdec is less friendly than gcvpif
fmvqvnzicuns would help another person more than gkzgjyhk, so fmvqvnzicuns is not less friendly than gkzgjyhk
jsrthllti would help another person more than gqdsihyz, so jsrthllti is not less friendly than gqdsihyz
wvpbrz would help another person more than wjdcoklaei, so wvpbrz is not less friendly than wjdcoklaei
pntzmons would help another person more than kcmjtcbgda, so pntzmons is not less friendly than kcmjtcbgda
gddmmfsth would help another person more than xmbothe, so gddmmfsth is not less friendly than xmbothe
tcakicx would help another person more than niuijsoue, so niuijsoue is not more friendly than tcakicx
pemvnn would help another person more than cdesylbil, so cdesylbil is not more friendly than pemvnn
news would help another person more than tsqifji, so tsqifji is not more friendly than news
pgxipeswsnqh would help another person more than hjzfux, so hjzfux is not more friendly than pgxipeswsnqh
xjmj would help another person more than tibec, so tibec is not more friendly than xjmj
bkxxhz refuses to listen while cdgl does not, so bkxxhz is more annoyed than cdgl
ohdjmif refuses to listen while cgxe does not, so ohdjmif is more annoyed than cgxe
lfmfdkzbfhfa refuses to listen while urtjcfkkwb does not, so lfmfdkzbfhfa is more annoyed than urtjcfkkwb
rxoon refuses to listen while quwiatzwb does not, so rxoon is more annoyed than quwiatzwb
eyaeknvhpif refuses to listen while schyfjg does not, so eyaeknvhpif is more annoyed than schyfjg
wqqwb refuses to listen while dxljazhmqho does not, so dxljazhmqho is less annoyed than wqqwb
qjdjuxzgxayk refuses to listen while qicyphhnyl does not, so qicyphhnyl is less annoyed than qjdjuxzgxayk
uupkuee refuses to listen while ncuih does not, so ncuih is less annoyed than uupkuee
thqg refuses to listen while eiccprzfchp does not, so eiccprzfchp is less annoyed than thqg
knta refuses to listen while vigp does not, so vigp is less annoyed than knta
wuzufvb refuses to listen while jzrvjzytj does not, so wuzufvb is not less annoyed than jzrvjzytj
kgbvvsabxiq refuses to listen while gnabsxqtbaky does not, so kgbvvsabxiq is not less annoyed than gnabsxqtbaky
ywwliq refuses to listen while sml does not, so ywwliq is not less annoyed than sml
ybpnpboeu refuses to listen while csyoocxcq does not, so ybpnpboeu is not less annoyed than csyoocxcq
mmkkzrq refuses to listen while dpwajgpfxsgm does not, so mmkkzrq is not less annoyed than dpwajgpfxsgm
oztutmx refuses to listen while gjmcblg does, so gjmcblg is not more annoyed than oztutmx
cvv refuses to listen while hmmy does, so hmmy is not more annoyed than cvv
luflfacezxla refuses to listen while uogovwn does, so uogovwn is not more annoyed than luflfacezxla
hbzbtxcxtin refuses to listen while uavkwlntbjnx does, so uavkwlntbjnx is not more annoyed than hbzbtxcxtin
qzbtx refuses to listen while znpnakxs does, so znpnakxs is not more annoyed than qzbtx
yzha gets closer and closer while nlmcmrpdgfju does not, so yzha is more anxious than nlmcmrpdgfju
moigmmowj gets closer and closer while oolerzkj does not, so moigmmowj is more anxious than oolerzkj
gwwydavw gets closer and closer while ksmznjfwsug does not, so gwwydavw is more anxious than ksmznjfwsug
wrkfbcmcvyip gets closer and closer while rcltad does not, so wrkfbcmcvyip is more anxious than rcltad
jwkthfadk gets closer and closer while ztf does not, so jwkthfadk is more anxious than ztf
zsgpjxoti gets closer to mtbwytovq while mtbwytovq does not, so mtbwytovq is less anxious than zsgpjxoti
nfaiovsedepu gets closer to ipqghkkwbgw while ipqghkkwbgw does not, so ipqghkkwbgw is less anxious than nfaiovsedepu
ynyratpxptp gets closer to fsfbutznwfo while fsfbutznwfo does not, so fsfbutznwfo is less anxious than ynyratpxptp
mhsbxohmh gets closer to pvtl while pvtl does not, so pvtl is less anxious than mhsbxohmh
wkbztgfziq gets closer to rviszianvv while rviszianvv does not, so rviszianvv is less anxious than wkbztgfziq
hgaunulfpeav gets closer and closer while hzycogwz does not, so hgaunulfpeav is not less anxious than hzycogwz
neugpynllu gets closer and closer while mqjslmnzmxv does not, so neugpynllu is not less anxious than mqjslmnzmxv
kml gets closer and closer while pfmwvcvpca does not, so kml is not less anxious than pfmwvcvpca
xiesqrha gets closer and closer while zezjlc does not, so xiesqrha is not less anxious than zezjlc
qfhcxvs gets closer and closer while zvmgnptm does not, so qfhcxvs is not less anxious than zvmgnptm
kmklubvkn gets closer and closer while pgmnglmqowj does not, so pgmnglmqowj is not more anxious than kmklubvkn
zgqkrno gets closer and closer while zhj does not, so zhj is not more anxious than zgqkrno
rfqjhwdst gets closer and closer while ygckxpgdcyt does not, so ygckxpgdcyt is not more anxious than rfqjhwdst
xzleh gets closer and closer while rbyar does not, so rbyar is not more anxious than xzleh
ywe gets closer and closer while qolp does not, so qolp is not more anxious than ywe
xyynsn visits their aunt while hlbc does not, so xyynsn is more concerned for others than hlbc
xaxqozxkikj visits their aunt while mitgpjwrnsy does not, so xaxqozxkikj is more concerned for others than mitgpjwrnsy
yklijyyxhtgf visits their aunt while hwpwqrbzyjcx does not, so yklijyyxhtgf is more concerned for others than hwpwqrbzyjcx
qtlrlqqblov visits their aunt while qbmctbmt does not, so qtlrlqqblov is more concerned for others than qbmctbmt
fnhggr visits their aunt while ybnlimoj does not, so fnhggr is more concerned for others than ybnlimoj
khbsnnloq visits their aunt while pvhtnt does not, so pvhtnt is less concerned for others than khbsnnloq
mjymjoibah visits their aunt while iuijktgt does not, so iuijktgt is less concerned for others than mjymjoibah
eqzjs visits their aunt while umrjrlttkmxl does not, so umrjrlttkmxl is less concerned for others than eqzjs
hmf visits their aunt while neohjascvjx does not, so neohjascvjx is less concerned for others than hmf
jwogenh visits their aunt while nzgvqxcfs does not, so nzgvqxcfs is less concerned for others than jwogenh
dikjhf visits their aunt while ubiqxtxj does not, so dikjhf is not less concerned for others than ubiqxtxj
ewwjaiyhssbs visits their aunt while eagxl does not, so ewwjaiyhssbs is not less concerned for others than eagxl
jswzgu visits their aunt while wbswn does not, so jswzgu is not less concerned for others than wbswn
pfkjilbt visits their aunt while dnczjuidkq does not, so pfkjilbt is not less concerned for others than dnczjuidkq
bqwhavktglke visits their aunt while qaekmapbnmij does not, so bqwhavktglke is not less concerned for others than qaekmapbnmij
ngzk visits their aunt while oqbjgrpp does not, so oqbjgrpp is not more concerned for others than ngzk
ejrprfhdlhg visits their aunt while qvnsl does not, so qvnsl is not more concerned for others than ejrprfhdlhg
tsxuiqdehfa visits their aunt while dqxdwrjhi does not, so dqxdwrjhi is not more concerned for others than tsxuiqdehfa
bbnwgkqqzy visits their aunt while gwdpltn does not, so gwdpltn is not more concerned for others than bbnwgkqqzy
frttcqvnlmxx visits their aunt while pvlxfopg does not, so pvlxfopg is not more concerned for others than frttcqvnlmxx
gmnqkblmf hugs their dog while jjubmwt does not, so gmnqkblmf is more caring than jjubmwt
rozffc hugs their dog while dhnjkgxf does not, so rozffc is more caring than dhnjkgxf
drxgus hugs their dog while btbdddvw does not, so drxgus is more caring than btbdddvw
eeplh hugs their dog while pkjobvwy does not, so eeplh is more caring than pkjobvwy
sbow hugs their dog while anav does not, so sbow is more caring than anav
qbopbe hugs their dog while zyyvgtrrr does not, so zyyvgtrrr is less caring than qbopbe
yyjppuvxh hugs their dog while hkqlkl does not, so hkqlkl is less caring than yyjppuvxh
sglrzro hugs their dog while wowfohcvys does not, so wowfohcvys is less caring than sglrzro
kcnkgtgiqat hugs their dog while lrcaeach does not, so lrcaeach is less caring than kcnkgtgiqat
gkfvblju hugs their dog while dtdqepfw does not, so dtdqepfw is less caring than gkfvblju
qtnf hugs their dog while brgpszcgkq does not, so qtnf is not less caring than brgpszcgkq
dcozulhx hugs their dog while ymjjmxvgxrii does not, so dcozulhx is not less caring than ymjjmxvgxrii
pqwiuotmfe hugs their dog while ikwsohrs does not, so pqwiuotmfe is not less caring than ikwsohrs
elpnydfnf hugs their dog while rammrrdb does not, so elpnydfnf is not less caring than rammrrdb
vwe hugs their dog while jfmvc does not, so vwe is not less caring than jfmvc
evdwoafb hugs their dog while myavagp does not, so myavagp is not more caring than evdwoafb
nubcfqcienzf hugs their dog while ncg does not, so ncg is not more caring than nubcfqcienzf
bixwzcnga hugs their dog while gegsvndcqo does not, so gegsvndcqo is not more caring than bixwzcnga
ttre hugs their dog while oizxuhbl does not, so oizxuhbl is not more caring than ttre
ricemhqtpl hugs their dog while cqzmcdv does not, so cqzmcdv is not more caring than ricemhqtpl
verj lives with another person's family while vexatzfrsr does not, so verj is more caring than vexatzfrsr
yrjtnm lives with another person's family while mgjxxphvu does not, so yrjtnm is more caring than mgjxxphvu
ocuk lives with another person's family while uxovbwmqbs does not, so ocuk is more caring than uxovbwmqbs
pvo lives with another person's family while skcyheizdqeb does not, so pvo is more caring than skcyheizdqeb
xrbtx lives with another person's family while rpltnue does not, so xrbtx is more caring than rpltnue
nrelqxbpfixs lives with another person's family while alibvvje does not, so alibvvje is less caring than nrelqxbpfixs
dbnuownh lives with another person's family while tdcaxacfsfl does not, so tdcaxacfsfl is less caring than dbnuownh
npwybl lives with another person's family while qtmnjcrtii does not, so qtmnjcrtii is less caring than npwybl
wjzjv lives with another person's family while ikhq does not, so ikhq is less caring than wjzjv
kpxm lives with another person's family while caqmbchfcmnu does not, so caqmbchfcmnu is less caring than kpxm
lemcrod lives with another person's family while vvfscbe does not, so lemcrod is not less caring than vvfscbe
lurokvdnzjk lives with another person's family while lgspmlqxdpy does not, so lurokvdnzjk is not less caring than lgspmlqxdpy
wbho lives with another person's family while kjcdybx does not, so wbho is not less caring than kjcdybx
dujmnqizi lives with another person's family while xeklx does not, so dujmnqizi is not less caring than xeklx
sguqmpu lives with another person's family while tnmoamxzpmm does not, so sguqmpu is not less caring than tnmoamxzpmm
xcqrxzmk lives with another person's family while kjvbnaforf does not, so kjvbnaforf is not more caring than xcqrxzmk
ynmsd lives with another person's family while qudvh does not, so qudvh is not more caring than ynmsd
gnuzklxvvu lives with another person's family while dqqlwoc does not, so dqqlwoc is not more caring than gnuzklxvvu
cnba lives with another person's family while ezwkchoy does not, so ezwkchoy is not more caring than cnba
bov lives with another person's family while tigufn does not, so tigufn is not more caring than bov
fuaw parts another person's lips while qoshchyibzf does not, so fuaw is less loving than qoshchyibzf
cvuslrpzvb parts another person's lips while eawmfr does not, so cvuslrpzvb is less loving than eawmfr
vpyanbtmsh parts another person's lips while rgiugdjawd does not, so vpyanbtmsh is less loving than rgiugdjawd
ujtmxb parts another person's lips while beruphihefyh does not, so ujtmxb is less loving than beruphihefyh
vlyqnvi parts another person's lips while yedyiucqednu does not, so vlyqnvi is less loving than yedyiucqednu
uolcnavbr parts another person's lips while rbheiqcwsvn does not, so rbheiqcwsvn is less loving than uolcnavbr
gutgknu parts another person's lips while kznvd does not, so kznvd is less loving than gutgknu
gqnphbt parts another person's lips while udyuxbtb does not, so udyuxbtb is less loving than gqnphbt
dhkicx parts another person's lips while wfafncqfdzd does not, so wfafncqfdzd is less loving than dhkicx
dfl parts another person's lips while hnebq does not, so hnebq is less loving than dfl
hyecljenvmg parts another person's lips while bjz does not, so hyecljenvmg is not less loving than bjz
ixlv parts another person's lips while bgsrlrwgojqk does not, so ixlv is not less loving than bgsrlrwgojqk
ntvftsh parts another person's lips while gsrxnsikj does not, so ntvftsh is not less loving than gsrxnsikj
zgknemmryv parts another person's lips while lzzecuaz does not, so zgknemmryv is not less loving than lzzecuaz
tdoylj parts another person's lips while ola does not, so tdoylj is not less loving than ola
tmzaawvfba parts another person's lips while pyvdjat does not, so pyvdjat is not more loving than tmzaawvfba
uspfslgc parts another person's lips while kgpsxf does not, so kgpsxf is not more loving than uspfslgc
adupipg parts another person's lips while nheiaopllwcb does not, so nheiaopllwcb is not more loving than adupipg
bdoqg parts another person's lips while qkx does not, so qkx is not more loving than bdoqg
hvnlubu parts another person's lips while wkfqyu does not, so wkfqyu is not more loving than hvnlubu
yytdxzpmyvlk starts their truck while hxqwnikqtnn does not, so yytdxzpmyvlk is less ready to go than hxqwnikqtnn
alnxtoxfr starts their truck while epzmhds does not, so alnxtoxfr is less ready to go than epzmhds
zbdcowfvg starts their truck while slws does not, so zbdcowfvg is less ready to go than slws
rfwmi starts their truck while xqsqkhsm does not, so rfwmi is less ready to go than xqsqkhsm
zwjras starts their truck while cmvh does not, so zwjras is less ready to go than cmvh
cgdyiit starts their truck while rjo does not, so rjo is less ready to go than cgdyiit
nxdyxpj starts their truck while dtzvejmp does not, so dtzvejmp is less ready to go than nxdyxpj
nafuutgrs starts their truck while azs does not, so azs is less ready to go than nafuutgrs
bdqvae starts their truck while cheioc does not, so cheioc is less ready to go than bdqvae
zslpunuwmhmo starts their truck while oanxtorzjok does not, so oanxtorzjok is less ready to go than zslpunuwmhmo
tripfn starts their truck while qhjtpsxfk does not, so tripfn is not more ready to go than qhjtpsxfk
dijbot starts their truck while jyu does not, so dijbot is not more ready to go than jyu
rsshvkbao starts their truck while pajfm does not, so rsshvkbao is not more ready to go than pajfm
jddhoty starts their truck while pzo does not, so jddhoty is not more ready to go than pzo
lsfasux starts their truck while lbnxp does not, so lsfasux is not more ready to go than lbnxp
ibrkzik starts their truck while pebvvtpeg does not, so pebvvtpeg is not more ready to go than ibrkzik
gylesawg starts their truck while mxffuaylkp does not, so mxffuaylkp is not more ready to go than gylesawg
njqweedb starts their truck while axhnuvregbb does not, so axhnuvregbb is not more ready to go than njqweedb
zcytoyxf starts their truck while nit does not, so nit is not more ready to go than zcytoyxf
jfubs starts their truck while jrqztz does not, so jrqztz is not more ready to go than jfubs
lbgmrgzlic wants to look their best while nblaylkldrht does not, so lbgmrgzlic is more diva than nblaylkldrht
gdtdixeln wants to look their best while ugonkynq does not, so gdtdixeln is more diva than ugonkynq
aswo wants to look their best while cgnuph does not, so aswo is more diva than cgnuph
ohbrzsoswuh wants to look their best while zvywd does not, so ohbrzsoswuh is more diva than zvywd
lnbxrksdad wants to look their best while wce does not, so lnbxrksdad is more diva than wce
ofeka wants to look their best while hpdyjkuuxwlw does not, so hpdyjkuuxwlw is less diva than ofeka
evpiyuubwq wants to look their best while tyaowjkmk does not, so tyaowjkmk is less diva than evpiyuubwq
ktz wants to look their best while eqr does not, so eqr is less diva than ktz
buywplmrmpa wants to look their best while jifihifbvtce does not, so jifihifbvtce is less diva than buywplmrmpa
wzhqj wants to look their best while mmvuc does not, so mmvuc is less diva than wzhqj
ubsywtlm wants to look their best while ijni does not, so ubsywtlm is not less diva than ijni
hzxfakgcgqi wants to look their best while nwkrcqojtjp does not, so hzxfakgcgqi is not less diva than nwkrcqojtjp
zpxebwk wants to look their best while ffbkihgrouu does not, so zpxebwk is not less diva than ffbkihgrouu
jwdocwtvgyaw wants to look their best while mnhv does not, so jwdocwtvgyaw is not less diva than mnhv
fwherhg wants to look their best while jwhyvxmzmsna does not, so fwherhg is not less diva than jwhyvxmzmsna
sjdinnhi wants to look their best while wgbvv does not, so wgbvv is not more diva than sjdinnhi
bbrxfdpidoix wants to look their best while benwv does not, so benwv is not more diva than bbrxfdpidoix
eayu wants to look their best while tblnjpxd does not, so tblnjpxd is not more diva than eayu
vfexcdwqpu wants to look their best while yjshkjdula does not, so yjshkjdula is not more diva than vfexcdwqpu
dnoa wants to look their best while zkxdz does not, so zkxdz is not more diva than dnoa
xkbqib rids the bike while hjfnukrmejn does not, so xkbqib is more athletic than hjfnukrmejn
rta rids the bike while vijvsxoogciq does not, so rta is more athletic than vijvsxoogciq
ooyczg rids the bike while hiwkwb does not, so ooyczg is more athletic than hiwkwb
zvtere rids the bike while zhyfrjrjriu does not, so zvtere is more athletic than zhyfrjrjriu
hutqwiniaqo rids the bike while jagqubukiad does not, so hutqwiniaqo is more athletic than jagqubukiad
uovsif rids the bike while nay does not, so nay is less athletic than uovsif
iunemolqxa rids the bike while xcmbow does not, so xcmbow is less athletic than iunemolqxa
glfqgkxzi rids the bike while zhppuw does not, so zhppuw is less athletic than glfqgkxzi
ebzsjk rids the bike while aailyzdxi does not, so aailyzdxi is less athletic than ebzsjk
poezg rids the bike while aspcez does not, so aspcez is less athletic than poezg
uzmdivxsxnft rids the bike while qeuagskijvpe does not, so uzmdivxsxnft is not more athletic than qeuagskijvpe
cmtqxyvse rids the bike while obn does not, so cmtqxyvse is not more athletic than obn
rwchgwbgn rids the bike while lwyyikonuudh does not, so rwchgwbgn is not more athletic than lwyyikonuudh
anqeikn rids the bike while sdfhpyo does not, so anqeikn is not more athletic than sdfhpyo
leyc rids the bike while bbomdoxhflh does not, so leyc is not more athletic than bbomdoxhflh
tqyrdg rids the bike while zcl does not, so zcl is not more athletic than tqyrdg
vfjgokn rids the bike while ecykgszdjy does not, so ecykgszdjy is not more athletic than vfjgokn
sloi rids the bike while chf does not, so chf is not more athletic than sloi
qoktjgcnty rids the bike while zhkfczjgdt does not, so zhkfczjgdt is not more athletic than qoktjgcnty
jxgxw rids the bike while iaakpeci does not, so iaakpeci is not more athletic than jxgxw
dnfjoadc says the wrong thing while ffrqohuh does not, so dnfjoadc is more regretful than ffrqohuh
leycarv says the wrong thing while exaz does not, so leycarv is more regretful than exaz
ftzxcc says the wrong thing while unhnchopyj does not, so ftzxcc is more regretful than unhnchopyj
ozf says the wrong thing while mej does not, so ozf is more regretful than mej
odhtcxtduha says the wrong thing while jrrdqfmohtv does not, so odhtcxtduha is more regretful than jrrdqfmohtv
rnetynk says the wrong thing while phqn does not, so phqn is less regretful than rnetynk
pfbzclxpwfze says the wrong thing while zszh does not, so zszh is less regretful than pfbzclxpwfze
iamdln says the wrong thing while cievxrlhnt does not, so cievxrlhnt is less regretful than iamdln
nxc says the wrong thing while bwifak does not, so bwifak is less regretful than nxc
gleoxrfeob says the wrong thing while ioynmkqzbeh does not, so ioynmkqzbeh is less regretful than gleoxrfeob
zlwlyhilm says the wrong thing while niyjtgutwlvo does not, so zlwlyhilm is not less regretful than niyjtgutwlvo
jehig says the wrong thing while cjxdwd does not, so jehig is not less regretful than cjxdwd
fpdqo says the wrong thing while segak does not, so fpdqo is not less regretful than segak
aazfqe says the wrong thing while rtvc does not, so aazfqe is not less regretful than rtvc
zmstzlta says the wrong thing while aqgzmmtxm does not, so zmstzlta is not less regretful than aqgzmmtxm
qzwlflvac says the wrong thing while pphanktznps does not, so pphanktznps is not more regretful than qzwlflvac
jofpndnqrqxt says the wrong thing while nhtz does not, so nhtz is not more regretful than jofpndnqrqxt
vsliu says the wrong thing while abvngtsjou does not, so abvngtsjou is not more regretful than vsliu
coovjbu says the wrong thing while lzjyseeujofu does not, so lzjyseeujofu is not more regretful than coovjbu
pcyo says the wrong thing while evyjqy does not, so evyjqy is not more regretful than pcyo
tcsjym spills juice while uygbp does not, so tcsjym is more clumsy than uygbp
ztineo spills juice while gxgb does not, so ztineo is more clumsy than gxgb
xnyyrcomta spills juice while ocyxjxdiaof does not, so xnyyrcomta is more clumsy than ocyxjxdiaof
woxeldfgh spills juice while lsywjosoyy does not, so woxeldfgh is more clumsy than lsywjosoyy
vfesxslkqyx spills juice while vnkxqjrfs does not, so vfesxslkqyx is more clumsy than vnkxqjrfs
ybtksbqw spills juice while zucvktbxqemi does not, so zucvktbxqemi is less clumsy than ybtksbqw
awzlosjkzt spills juice while ayar does not, so ayar is less clumsy than awzlosjkzt
bkzpocj spills juice while cdatoyultem does not, so cdatoyultem is less clumsy than bkzpocj
rjzako spills juice while lttrmvhmzv does not, so lttrmvhmzv is less clumsy than rjzako
ndyvw spills juice while jdptbtygwo does not, so jdptbtygwo is less clumsy than ndyvw
navkfk spills juice while pidkfowjbfwa does not, so navkfk is not less clumsy than pidkfowjbfwa
frgvfeohnsjt spills juice while orqbvpgzhzr does not, so frgvfeohnsjt is not less clumsy than orqbvpgzhzr
hotyys spills juice while fcvhglnqer does not, so hotyys is not less clumsy than fcvhglnqer
bes spills juice while xykeald does not, so bes is not less clumsy than xykeald
kuqswnoqjv spills juice while mtzdeuxpdv does not, so kuqswnoqjv is not less clumsy than mtzdeuxpdv
mqkphscamuie spills juice while lxxcxwgpqwl does not, so lxxcxwgpqwl is not more clumsy than mqkphscamuie
yargkvpgvzhp spills juice while exi does not, so exi is not more clumsy than yargkvpgvzhp
oeqiogslnv spills juice while vpvnlsi does not, so vpvnlsi is not more clumsy than oeqiogslnv
gkpebwayddkw spills juice while dsbotwjgta does not, so dsbotwjgta is not more clumsy than gkpebwayddkw
haoj spills juice while itwvirlkh does not, so itwvirlkh is not more clumsy than haoj
rqlhyjvaq performs another person's duty while augsuugb does not, so rqlhyjvaq is more gracious than augsuugb
jsnyth performs another person's duty while ljtlwiaszxrf does not, so jsnyth is more gracious than ljtlwiaszxrf
lkhrtqu performs another person's duty while zwvd does not, so lkhrtqu is more gracious than zwvd
xrgn performs another person's duty while rlchz does not, so xrgn is more gracious than rlchz
nvhtx performs another person's duty while natcpdaylrbj does not, so nvhtx is more gracious than natcpdaylrbj
dyiuukczxbh performs another person's duty while ajzcmttccbws does not, so ajzcmttccbws is less gracious than dyiuukczxbh
amzsi performs another person's duty while fbnmwviwxjp does not, so fbnmwviwxjp is less gracious than amzsi
iafzrk performs another person's duty while ydbmstzk does not, so ydbmstzk is less gracious than iafzrk
arp performs another person's duty while hvo does not, so hvo is less gracious than arp
lvpozod performs another person's duty while szlrpj does not, so szlrpj is less gracious than lvpozod
lxfyfojkrlqs performs another person's duty while bhgmcd does not, so lxfyfojkrlqs is not less gracious than bhgmcd
poxabdo performs another person's duty while zckpsgihqet does not, so poxabdo is not less gracious than zckpsgihqet
wdui performs another person's duty while aisdnbr does not, so wdui is not less gracious than aisdnbr
tlptingua performs another person's duty while xpj does not, so tlptingua is not less gracious than xpj
tbzlrnmoudhx performs another person's duty while iiiclgcqcfp does not, so tbzlrnmoudhx is not less gracious than iiiclgcqcfp
qtxkgirc performs another person's duty while xwnjkuleqxvg does not, so xwnjkuleqxvg is not more gracious than qtxkgirc
qsfqk performs another person's duty while jrgspxt does not, so jrgspxt is not more gracious than qsfqk
jwgo performs another person's duty while teareykimat does not, so teareykimat is not more gracious than jwgo
ussvrx performs another person's duty while zfgz does not, so zfgz is not more gracious than ussvrx
ojuqqrs performs another person's duty while ejtsz does not, so ejtsz is not more gracious than ojuqqrs
aqyorhbnew takes a job while pctuodfjocdd does not, so aqyorhbnew is more dedicated than pctuodfjocdd
mqkgnovbx takes a job while nqrgr does not, so mqkgnovbx is more dedicated than nqrgr
lqd takes a job while alpbjeqyus does not, so lqd is more dedicated than alpbjeqyus
eebhzvk takes a job while mggpkdodf does not, so eebhzvk is more dedicated than mggpkdodf
akjbaa takes a job while srdtvbysk does not, so akjbaa is more dedicated than srdtvbysk
ophgco takes a job while xbhaivchvffu does not, so xbhaivchvffu is less dedicated than ophgco
bewkxagcoyf takes a job while nuvisicyb does not, so nuvisicyb is less dedicated than bewkxagcoyf
hknulni takes a job while dwskktbrwq does not, so dwskktbrwq is less dedicated than hknulni
nvbwyiig takes a job while vyrwbnzhi does not, so vyrwbnzhi is less dedicated than nvbwyiig
zhycqvflpcx takes a job while vqpickxjmn does not, so vqpickxjmn is less dedicated than zhycqvflpcx
wmiutblfmdfj takes a job while jqzmkkjmca does not, so wmiutblfmdfj is not less dedicated than jqzmkkjmca
sxqlqkgwxbg takes a job while fyxydgxivmuy does not, so sxqlqkgwxbg is not less dedicated than fyxydgxivmuy
wyjgchmaroc takes a job while topdmkbniau does not, so wyjgchmaroc is not less dedicated than topdmkbniau
fuufljbrdzi takes a job while bkcmxoytwd does not, so fuufljbrdzi is not less dedicated than bkcmxoytwd
inptri takes a job while lbmhapgxahn does not, so inptri is not less dedicated than lbmhapgxahn
zvircld takes a job while iplj does not, so iplj is not more dedicated than zvircld
dlnngdtdznt takes a job while jtwns does not, so jtwns is not more dedicated than dlnngdtdznt
vbkq takes a job while ammuxkegse does not, so ammuxkegse is not more dedicated than vbkq
zegtqwxttqn takes a job while gjuwbiusjej does not, so gjuwbiusjej is not more dedicated than zegtqwxttqn
rkifm takes a job while tpf does not, so tpf is not more dedicated than rkifm
bolrsta shaves all of their hair off while iglncntm does not, so bolrsta is more determined than iglncntm
gzscucbxspy shaves all of their hair off while nhbzkclphz does not, so gzscucbxspy is more determined than nhbzkclphz
aqnjolyp shaves all of their hair off while bovfmkdmah does not, so aqnjolyp is more determined than bovfmkdmah
bozuid shaves all of their hair off while vainarb does not, so bozuid is more determined than vainarb
wjne shaves all of their hair off while fwxird does not, so wjne is more determined than fwxird
fqalbf shaves all of their hair off while gqrneh does not, so gqrneh is less determined than fqalbf
kctfjj shaves all of their hair off while lnquyomsq does not, so lnquyomsq is less determined than kctfjj
vvytigkmt shaves all of their hair off while xnkmz does not, so xnkmz is less determined than vvytigkmt
igl shaves all of their hair off while iizuy does not, so iizuy is less determined than igl
jescnbzps shaves all of their hair off while ixuik does not, so ixuik is less determined than jescnbzps
gczqasjblut shaves all of their hair off while mlh does not, so gczqasjblut is not less determined than mlh
cpaihitg shaves all of their hair off while bds does not, so cpaihitg is not less determined than bds
lzyleruhbjk shaves all of their hair off while yuzdgewkivp does not, so lzyleruhbjk is not less determined than yuzdgewkivp
homhqzfphdar shaves all of their hair off while yukrexpb does not, so homhqzfphdar is not less determined than yukrexpb
pkqwnamyfxte shaves all of their hair off while lzkugkle does not, so pkqwnamyfxte is not less determined than lzkugkle
aptk shaves all of their hair off while emfnigxs does not, so emfnigxs is not more determined than aptk
ulswiqhbcbtj shaves all of their hair off while iffrbaxhdc does not, so iffrbaxhdc is not more determined than ulswiqhbcbtj
rkq shaves all of their hair off while vawep does not, so vawep is not more determined than rkq
kazsloagyyf shaves all of their hair off while ajsedmazma does not, so ajsedmazma is not more determined than kazsloagyyf
wgyswjqovohq shaves all of their hair off while pqsvvnkmki does not, so pqsvvnkmki is not more determined than wgyswjqovohq
beewnnjl gets another person sleep while yjhoqv does not, so beewnnjl is less boring than yjhoqv
otfryqmxwvu gets another person sleep while kzvwgd does not, so otfryqmxwvu is less boring than kzvwgd
exdzglaih gets another person sleep while mkzlfjh does not, so exdzglaih is less boring than mkzlfjh
catnaxs gets another person sleep while nptypozsrls does not, so catnaxs is less boring than nptypozsrls
trlop gets another person sleep while stwiekthgcf does not, so trlop is less boring than stwiekthgcf
cxwbrskerxp gets another person sleep while dpjvgvqe does not, so dpjvgvqe is less boring than cxwbrskerxp
dem gets another person sleep while eqlzuzzrwxk does not, so eqlzuzzrwxk is less boring than dem
cua gets another person sleep while fsbx does not, so fsbx is less boring than cua
gqnlswbx gets another person sleep while xfnqdjqq does not, so xfnqdjqq is less boring than gqnlswbx
xngm gets another person sleep while fxpcupwtv does not, so fxpcupwtv is less boring than xngm
giljkdc gets another person sleep while rbhggnjrycix does not, so giljkdc is not less boring than rbhggnjrycix
ipcxkxypoyki gets another person sleep while przqvbsqeia does not, so ipcxkxypoyki is not less boring than przqvbsqeia
hhbjjzzk gets another person sleep while noqbs does not, so hhbjjzzk is not less boring than noqbs
bbdsaiexki gets another person sleep while pzfkr does not, so bbdsaiexki is not less boring than pzfkr
awcjrwgck gets another person sleep while ilz does not, so awcjrwgck is not less boring than ilz
bhearaatae gets another person sleep while iku does not, so iku is not more boring than bhearaatae
rppjpqy gets another person sleep while putnfwfvdyl does not, so putnfwfvdyl is not more boring than rppjpqy
kmonngoo gets another person sleep while qhbllbr does not, so qhbllbr is not more boring than kmonngoo
rmrrrg gets another person sleep while fnijevg does not, so fnijevg is not more boring than rmrrrg
xljtthfzlahl gets another person sleep while eoekbivyygra does not, so eoekbivyygra is not more boring than xljtthfzlahl
uahtj tries not to panic while otmtlerktidq does not, so uahtj is more scared than otmtlerktidq
din tries not to panic while djjv does not, so din is more scared than djjv
wcetyzhwz tries not to panic while onfjeksyevgb does not, so wcetyzhwz is more scared than onfjeksyevgb
szwzyuejvu tries not to panic while mxvheub does not, so szwzyuejvu is more scared than mxvheub
lmz tries not to panic while nuhit does not, so lmz is more scared than nuhit
wbol tries not to panic while yokgvirqi does not, so yokgvirqi is less scared than wbol
aqfsfcpa tries not to panic while pds does not, so pds is less scared than aqfsfcpa
zjr tries not to panic while yvssqvd does not, so yvssqvd is less scared than zjr
qnaqxnglgbe tries not to panic while vghyfh does not, so vghyfh is less scared than qnaqxnglgbe
bsvkejy tries not to panic while slsrxtysfmi does not, so slsrxtysfmi is less scared than bsvkejy
jylhjzvri tries not to panic while blrvtyyn does not, so jylhjzvri is not less scared than blrvtyyn
hhlzkj tries not to panic while lqqwiwi does not, so hhlzkj is not less scared than lqqwiwi
cflm tries not to panic while ych does not, so cflm is not less scared than ych
kueqchukptxf tries not to panic while lttkrinxfmb does not, so kueqchukptxf is not less scared than lttkrinxfmb
xjpzcoskbbli tries not to panic while lerihommajbb does not, so xjpzcoskbbli is not less scared than lerihommajbb
uwyxwzhjvo tries not to panic while pzkixuojaepy does not, so pzkixuojaepy is not more scared than uwyxwzhjvo
tgqw tries not to panic while utzbkpttydv does not, so utzbkpttydv is not more scared than tgqw
oquo tries not to panic while dcdfe does not, so dcdfe is not more scared than oquo
hil tries not to panic while ghi does not, so ghi is not more scared than hil
ymtgyue tries not to panic while rijnyzapzv does not, so rijnyzapzv is not more scared than ymtgyue
mheqebtk affords a car while lbuwzdrclape does not, so mheqebtk is more finished than lbuwzdrclape
juwrwzkeiph affords a car while fyfzmgikus does not, so juwrwzkeiph is more finished than fyfzmgikus
gldszodaaozo affords a car while njchhqqgws does not, so gldszodaaozo is more finished than njchhqqgws
oxdu affords a car while zcfb does not, so oxdu is more finished than zcfb
rmemjhzsdq affords a car while grnkzu does not, so rmemjhzsdq is more finished than grnkzu
wichikbdt affords a car while bmxqfshh does not, so bmxqfshh is less finished than wichikbdt
hcqhnwumglrf affords a car while qwgmz does not, so qwgmz is less finished than hcqhnwumglrf
kzawn affords a car while gfpl does not, so gfpl is less finished than kzawn
khxcp affords a car while hibdohgbzf does not, so hibdohgbzf is less finished than khxcp
goyzgvtlkw affords a car while zkx does not, so zkx is less finished than goyzgvtlkw
qmytnthenvjo affords a car while dodioowycgub does not, so qmytnthenvjo is not less finished than dodioowycgub
zoii affords a car while liogdrh does not, so zoii is not less finished than liogdrh
yqtvqqilmxmt affords a car while buy does not, so yqtvqqilmxmt is not less finished than buy
fwdikjccgll affords a car while ase does not, so fwdikjccgll is not less finished than ase
wwgjkbpwcvw affords a car while yljjtqfe does not, so wwgjkbpwcvw is not less finished than yljjtqfe
ocpestz affords a car while tnh does not, so tnh is not more finished than ocpestz
axbtxzxk affords a car while fswquvfn does not, so fswquvfn is not more finished than axbtxzxk
atgnqcyvk affords a car while zazscbnla does not, so zazscbnla is not more finished than atgnqcyvk
pscjvimgtsar affords a car while kpoxw does not, so kpoxw is not more finished than pscjvimgtsar
yfktezjzcv affords a car while twi does not, so twi is not more finished than yfktezjzcv
zhqqed buys a new fish while onwxn does not, so zhqqed is more excitable than onwxn
svjw buys a new fish while xqaih does not, so svjw is more excitable than xqaih
tlkgubczi buys a new fish while njbsfcrgunn does not, so tlkgubczi is more excitable than njbsfcrgunn
mwmyv buys a new fish while hkcg does not, so mwmyv is more excitable than hkcg
qezbclvn buys a new fish while xaoftb does not, so qezbclvn is more excitable than xaoftb
jptpeovfqqs buys a new fish while nhwy does not, so nhwy is less excitable than jptpeovfqqs
bgfqtbtu buys a new fish while xvtixxhswufa does not, so xvtixxhswufa is less excitable than bgfqtbtu
xosfigzivam buys a new fish while ugizxx does not, so ugizxx is less excitable than xosfigzivam
pkbwzku buys a new fish while mwwywpmnwcm does not, so mwwywpmnwcm is less excitable than pkbwzku
khearvklput buys a new fish while ivmibqljbv does not, so ivmibqljbv is less excitable than khearvklput
luyyzwfv buys a new fish while qmqjuj does not, so luyyzwfv is not less excitable than qmqjuj
jke buys a new fish while yhxlom does not, so jke is not less excitable than yhxlom
uwhdck buys a new fish while ozprnzn does not, so uwhdck is not less excitable than ozprnzn
pjudoonhb buys a new fish while jgojkmy does not, so pjudoonhb is not less excitable than jgojkmy
obhegyzkbh buys a new fish while ljsirnmfhhu does not, so obhegyzkbh is not less excitable than ljsirnmfhhu
obwcbtbzcnd buys a new fish while jmzqvjpf does not, so jmzqvjpf is not more excitable than obwcbtbzcnd
iukci buys a new fish while yjxcqfc does not, so yjxcqfc is not more excitable than iukci
vrv buys a new fish while aodjzqub does not, so aodjzqub is not more excitable than vrv
fay buys a new fish while pdelm does not, so pdelm is not more excitable than fay
xbevsaw buys a new fish while jyhplvbkkdj does not, so jyhplvbkkdj is not more excitable than xbevsaw
ugj looks up into another person's eyes while ufa does not, so ugj is more special than ufa
yojhsumfc looks up into another person's eyes while eqbu does not, so yojhsumfc is more special than eqbu
giu looks up into another person's eyes while drzyxsrtkxk does not, so giu is more special than drzyxsrtkxk
qtxzhoyinjk looks up into another person's eyes while cietjbsdov does not, so qtxzhoyinjk is more special than cietjbsdov
cdvrmfxzjc looks up into another person's eyes while hzwqz does not, so cdvrmfxzjc is more special than hzwqz
kkpeo looks up into another person's eyes while pflq does not, so pflq is less special than kkpeo
snblmpajgxvt looks up into another person's eyes while qlnk does not, so qlnk is less special than snblmpajgxvt
lihlweoqb looks up into another person's eyes while qolyiobzjj does not, so qolyiobzjj is less special than lihlweoqb
odzkpbonojwe looks up into another person's eyes while trtml does not, so trtml is less special than odzkpbonojwe
uomsfaelf looks up into another person's eyes while ofkyt does not, so ofkyt is less special than uomsfaelf
qvshm looks up into another person's eyes while khqvv does not, so qvshm is not more special than khqvv
zxrbutyah looks up into another person's eyes while xwnakivsts does not, so zxrbutyah is not more special than xwnakivsts
gkqeihy looks up into another person's eyes while hyyjgas does not, so gkqeihy is not more special than hyyjgas
ibppfbzk looks up into another person's eyes while modonpolqb does not, so ibppfbzk is not more special than modonpolqb
iynugnci looks up into another person's eyes while ctngjfqeig does not, so iynugnci is not more special than ctngjfqeig
zimgfizwvji looks up into another person's eyes while jmmxdp does not, so jmmxdp is not more special than zimgfizwvji
lbg looks up into another person's eyes while hqoavaacxnyx does not, so hqoavaacxnyx is not more special than lbg
zlkgfmnoyj looks up into another person's eyes while rgxwn does not, so rgxwn is not more special than zlkgfmnoyj
zoftb looks up into another person's eyes while phklpvjs does not, so phklpvjs is not more special than zoftb
bnwnrmv looks up into another person's eyes while gdzhz does not, so gdzhz is not more special than bnwnrmv
tchnvrjnitw is cleaning another person's house while jyxxsq is not, so tchnvrjnitw is more helpful than jyxxsq
onsrnrjbphge is cleaning another person's house while vsmrn is not, so onsrnrjbphge is more helpful than vsmrn
uycgepvx is cleaning another person's house while ajhreneysw is not, so uycgepvx is more helpful than ajhreneysw
ddpzsmmgsjg is cleaning another person's house while zndnptgkg is not, so ddpzsmmgsjg is more helpful than zndnptgkg
rwat is cleaning another person's house while ifpyuuy is not, so rwat is more helpful than ifpyuuy
vhtrjffu is cleaning another person's house while pjivvtivae is not, so pjivvtivae is less helpful than vhtrjffu
bxhjghbsyeo is cleaning another person's house while lxgtbkakl is not, so lxgtbkakl is less helpful than bxhjghbsyeo
uqfehqpheqx is cleaning another person's house while hrfil is not, so hrfil is less helpful than uqfehqpheqx
gcuhacu is cleaning another person's house while fkqsuejz is not, so fkqsuejz is less helpful than gcuhacu
hjrkzgmaf is cleaning another person's house while ftuh is not, so ftuh is less helpful than hjrkzgmaf
ytozurxfxiuj is cleaning another person's house while wuxshtmpuz is not, so ytozurxfxiuj is not less helpful than wuxshtmpuz
imjj is cleaning another person's house while uqlmcmbzwni is not, so imjj is not less helpful than uqlmcmbzwni
qrdytlrxs is cleaning another person's house while pzipwxwczji is not, so qrdytlrxs is not less helpful than pzipwxwczji
nzcoz is cleaning another person's house while igwdp is not, so nzcoz is not less helpful than igwdp
pdzmc is cleaning another person's house while zzarchtvh is not, so pdzmc is not less helpful than zzarchtvh
pcgztxtp is cleaning another person's house while snvvpbjdcno is not, so snvvpbjdcno is not more helpful than pcgztxtp
yyotgbyq is cleaning another person's house while qwyae is not, so qwyae is not more helpful than yyotgbyq
rhx is cleaning another person's house while gwnocailrqc is not, so gwnocailrqc is not more helpful than rhx
efohmt is cleaning another person's house while sezjzj is not, so sezjzj is not more helpful than efohmt
fdscqbccyg is cleaning another person's house while gptv is not, so gptv is not more helpful than fdscqbccyg
zojrjoeiwfss gets a good night 's rest while zwjzeme does not, so zojrjoeiwfss is more awake than zwjzeme
mtqnyymww gets a good night 's rest while qrdmm does not, so mtqnyymww is more awake than qrdmm
iuxs gets a good night 's rest while zzevqhc does not, so iuxs is more awake than zzevqhc
iikc gets a good night 's rest while kflmuftpz does not, so iikc is more awake than kflmuftpz
cvmqodowqxai gets a good night 's rest while tflkjtuqvs does not, so cvmqodowqxai is more awake than tflkjtuqvs
bddauids gets a good night 's rest while yyowgumhcyyr does not, so yyowgumhcyyr is less awake than bddauids
pmwwtwh gets a good night 's rest while rutam does not, so rutam is less awake than pmwwtwh
ybjbfkmr gets a good night 's rest while ypcajodxizqo does not, so ypcajodxizqo is less awake than ybjbfkmr
zshvvvcb gets a good night 's rest while dbypmvzbggdo does not, so dbypmvzbggdo is less awake than zshvvvcb
yhalss gets a good night 's rest while fbdjekj does not, so fbdjekj is less awake than yhalss
qkwtl gets a good night 's rest while qdzh does not, so qkwtl is not less awake than qdzh
lftn gets a good night 's rest while gciudhlebje does not, so lftn is not less awake than gciudhlebje
wzbupclhildp gets a good night 's rest while wqkyrn does not, so wzbupclhildp is not less awake than wqkyrn
cliae gets a good night 's rest while vcbdagfhfpzr does not, so cliae is not less awake than vcbdagfhfpzr
bphex gets a good night 's rest while ywibpv does not, so bphex is not less awake than ywibpv
bsjotxxzos gets a good night 's rest while wrdj does not, so wrdj is not more awake than bsjotxxzos
zsqfmc gets a good night 's rest while hgyecisi does not, so hgyecisi is not more awake than zsqfmc
ixgnk gets a good night 's rest while xxmhrcxk does not, so xxmhrcxk is not more awake than ixgnk
esbmaikuj gets a good night 's rest while sbbfks does not, so sbbfks is not more awake than esbmaikuj
fncm gets a good night 's rest while jgwnacnncbj does not, so jgwnacnncbj is not more awake than fncm
uvgtlorpmh drums another person's fingers while xbjr does not, so uvgtlorpmh is more annoying than xbjr
hkrnk drums another person's fingers while lylzm does not, so hkrnk is more annoying than lylzm
buqlzg drums another person's fingers while mkuxbqg does not, so buqlzg is more annoying than mkuxbqg
hkmsajiu drums another person's fingers while nxhbixz does not, so hkmsajiu is more annoying than nxhbixz
chdooqqpfo drums another person's fingers while otwjzemefhx does not, so chdooqqpfo is more annoying than otwjzemefhx
voosfxl drums another person's fingers while uiyhnqkah does not, so uiyhnqkah is less annoying than voosfxl
hvamgiwv drums another person's fingers while htsq does not, so htsq is less annoying than hvamgiwv
oxeqqluiq drums another person's fingers while gqpbexfoncwv does not, so gqpbexfoncwv is less annoying than oxeqqluiq
jcm drums another person's fingers while jxviwhuljz does not, so jxviwhuljz is less annoying than jcm
sjvayy drums another person's fingers while kxudhm does not, so kxudhm is less annoying than sjvayy
thkfhiwaubf drums another person's fingers while mxcckpydb does not, so thkfhiwaubf is not less annoying than mxcckpydb
omfwgd drums another person's fingers while vndqeq does not, so omfwgd is not less annoying than vndqeq
zajdarorehem drums another person's fingers while huy does not, so zajdarorehem is not less annoying than huy
xtrtb drums another person's fingers while egckyncpd does not, so xtrtb is not less annoying than egckyncpd
bnzawxkfqma drums another person's fingers while fyq does not, so bnzawxkfqma is not less annoying than fyq
rxwcrakzvl drums another person's fingers while mmw does not, so mmw is not more annoying than rxwcrakzvl
efrcgjqghnrn drums another person's fingers while jlybw does not, so jlybw is not more annoying than efrcgjqghnrn
glbdb drums another person's fingers while olmtho does not, so olmtho is not more annoying than glbdb
czonvllu drums another person's fingers while tsrlpza does not, so tsrlpza is not more annoying than czonvllu
qyjyq drums another person's fingers while heafgb does not, so heafgb is not more annoying than qyjyq
fzflgkqvi tastes weird while fhsczsgwmf does not, so fzflgkqvi is more sour than fhsczsgwmf
rdbthsx tastes weird while zipoyg does not, so rdbthsx is more sour than zipoyg
hzuhtrcarl tastes weird while qcbpgayoqm does not, so hzuhtrcarl is more sour than qcbpgayoqm
lhjclory tastes weird while qzmp does not, so lhjclory is more sour than qzmp
npjuhair tastes weird while qwwqjtbj does not, so npjuhair is more sour than qwwqjtbj
eefxvj tastes weird while jefbzp does not, so jefbzp is less sour than eefxvj
elplsomn tastes weird while rjdyjon does not, so rjdyjon is less sour than elplsomn
ksoqwqrul tastes weird while jeweuciwbnoc does not, so jeweuciwbnoc is less sour than ksoqwqrul
zqktdegx tastes weird while ooxiwjnubkab does not, so ooxiwjnubkab is less sour than zqktdegx
fry tastes weird while ubihtqbsa does not, so ubihtqbsa is less sour than fry
ljifdgud tastes weird while yuygfl does not, so ljifdgud is not less sour than yuygfl
pli tastes weird while hisqhyl does not, so pli is not less sour than hisqhyl
hipfewmwh tastes weird while ksvxq does not, so hipfewmwh is not less sour than ksvxq
gwmlwtg tastes weird while lhcxlygraq does not, so gwmlwtg is not less sour than lhcxlygraq
wbezlmfm tastes weird while wrixivzun does not, so wbezlmfm is not less sour than wrixivzun
mvntcieyf tastes weird while oikc does not, so oikc is not more sour than mvntcieyf
qrwmorttarfy tastes weird while ifycctc does not, so ifycctc is not more sour than qrwmorttarfy
qvpbowf tastes weird while esks does not, so esks is not more sour than qvpbowf
zihtvld tastes weird while kfgpoxacmbkc does not, so kfgpoxacmbkc is not more sour than zihtvld
shjcjswbaml tastes weird while pijvggigxhve does not, so pijvggigxhve is not more sour than shjcjswbaml
oldivskcars gets checked out while oau does not, so oldivskcars is more aware than oau
azzhuc gets checked out while jnfejdqur does not, so azzhuc is more aware than jnfejdqur
nqp gets checked out while dpwws does not, so nqp is more aware than dpwws
ranlre gets checked out while ghavnsdti does not, so ranlre is more aware than ghavnsdti
sidhzse gets checked out while xkbapj does not, so sidhzse is more aware than xkbapj
pesoizpf gets checked out while japriqu does not, so japriqu is less aware than pesoizpf
gmmuio gets checked out while nkhlewgq does not, so nkhlewgq is less aware than gmmuio
ugjks gets checked out while abmhopetxkvz does not, so abmhopetxkvz is less aware than ugjks
pxkebnard gets checked out while vcyq does not, so vcyq is less aware than pxkebnard
xcnktkfgnsaa gets checked out while qeqi does not, so qeqi is less aware than xcnktkfgnsaa
zbnw gets checked out while qli does not, so zbnw is not less aware than qli
atacdmmwods gets checked out while xqi does not, so atacdmmwods is not less aware than xqi
mplfkng gets checked out while slpqocfjtvme does not, so mplfkng is not less aware than slpqocfjtvme
zsgypckhz gets checked out while rwq does not, so zsgypckhz is not less aware than rwq
cbxss gets checked out while mxs does not, so cbxss is not less aware than mxs
qfhp gets checked out while brtdiguk does not, so brtdiguk is not more aware than qfhp
farhfsu gets checked out while qwywjgvsnvd does not, so qwywjgvsnvd is not more aware than farhfsu
wxots gets checked out while dbdxv does not, so dbdxv is not more aware than wxots
ouyyzeocon gets checked out while levxetejh does not, so levxetejh is not more aware than ouyyzeocon
sggbuxbypi gets checked out while imhchh does not, so imhchh is not more aware than sggbuxbypi
uhuu pulls another person close while gjwpzcjsurnh does not, so uhuu is more romantic than gjwpzcjsurnh
gfqtywudfu pulls another person close while rcirt does not, so gfqtywudfu is more romantic than rcirt
hxxain pulls another person close while qcdje does not, so hxxain is more romantic than qcdje
chxtrreh pulls another person close while fxqntnuou does not, so chxtrreh is more romantic than fxqntnuou
wdcnhm pulls another person close while kvxxvvq does not, so wdcnhm is more romantic than kvxxvvq
ggniuquwkyrt pulls another person close while xnfdvew does not, so xnfdvew is less romantic than ggniuquwkyrt
xomaqbzq pulls another person close while djmnt does not, so djmnt is less romantic than xomaqbzq
vetkxfmn pulls another person close while dtrmhwxeqrmq does not, so dtrmhwxeqrmq is less romantic than vetkxfmn
kajlrcois pulls another person close while jnfkrrbhhboi does not, so jnfkrrbhhboi is less romantic than kajlrcois
ttskzx pulls another person close while zcmjzhxprf does not, so zcmjzhxprf is less romantic than ttskzx
bjqu pulls another person close while yhc does not, so bjqu is not less romantic than yhc
pneqbqtqwv pulls another person close while tnqdze does not, so pneqbqtqwv is not less romantic than tnqdze
pgks pulls another person close while jhtwgurpor does not, so pgks is not less romantic than jhtwgurpor
rwlclfzqocj pulls another person close while uqx does not, so rwlclfzqocj is not less romantic than uqx
ecn pulls another person close while zwsvvcg does not, so ecn is not less romantic than zwsvvcg
ekok pulls another person close while fzexugyagg does not, so fzexugyagg is not more romantic than ekok
unklgggmmhqd pulls another person close while pmqrtlethwg does not, so pmqrtlethwg is not more romantic than unklgggmmhqd
uqpj pulls another person close while nvds does not, so nvds is not more romantic than uqpj
souxr pulls another person close while beazdsokfc does not, so beazdsokfc is not more romantic than souxr
ghzxzpwu pulls another person close while okslwxycbf does not, so okslwxycbf is not more romantic than ghzxzpwu
slhnpzgu is a young girl, lerbbamel is not, so slhnpzgu is more happy than lerbbamel
nhnahgi is a young girl, kajncgp is not, so nhnahgi is more happy than kajncgp
jwxu is a young girl, psbkp is not, so jwxu is more happy than psbkp
qmtwowzr is a young girl, onfubnyct is not, so qmtwowzr is more happy than onfubnyct
icsm is a young girl, xkhfygl is not, so icsm is more happy than xkhfygl
lyngkuja is a young girl, rbyprtklyzqt is not, so rbyprtklyzqt is less happy than lyngkuja
frxdxdhlyxie is a young girl, hokfsugq is not, so hokfsugq is less happy than frxdxdhlyxie
rvxzckebvoj is a young girl, thkkfsg is not, so thkkfsg is less happy than rvxzckebvoj
gmvyvcr is a young girl, oqdg is not, so oqdg is less happy than gmvyvcr
hvgrwnl is a young girl, wksqomrxzbow is not, so wksqomrxzbow is less happy than hvgrwnl
jme is a young girl, zqjhnseyuoy is not, so jme is not less happy than zqjhnseyuoy
savg is a young girl, tzjkfoksozv is not, so savg is not less happy than tzjkfoksozv
ysddkteooz is a young girl, mnjwjvlvrnlf is not, so ysddkteooz is not less happy than mnjwjvlvrnlf
jnf is a young girl, felarww is not, so jnf is not less happy than felarww
pvbpbnvpfcn is a young girl, shn is not, so pvbpbnvpfcn is not less happy than shn
ofbmkkuo is a young girl, vcgf is not, so vcgf is not more happy than ofbmkkuo
vfumua is a young girl, txxtucwi is not, so txxtucwi is not more happy than vfumua
ixcbim is a young girl, chswde is not, so chswde is not more happy than ixcbim
qymzjosxorh is a young girl, aebjsnrgggal is not, so aebjsnrgggal is not more happy than qymzjosxorh
hfgzhy is a young girl, ldhtfgadoth is not, so ldhtfgadoth is not more happy than hfgzhy
dyn gets their towel while bkozuk does not, so dyn is more wet than bkozuk
eydbah gets their towel while eitc does not, so eydbah is more wet than eitc
ubjzxclxk gets their towel while bgx does not, so ubjzxclxk is more wet than bgx
lprksyk gets their towel while iixxb does not, so lprksyk is more wet than iixxb
umoroqjsvrd gets their towel while nrul does not, so umoroqjsvrd is more wet than nrul
mzujxyew gets their towel while yesfrlpz does not, so yesfrlpz is less wet than mzujxyew
orgnmi gets their towel while zloumpqx does not, so zloumpqx is less wet than orgnmi
wblcwf gets their towel while gzfbwug does not, so gzfbwug is less wet than wblcwf
sacv gets their towel while rwjeqf does not, so rwjeqf is less wet than sacv
cfjwphoajed gets their towel while iaztdmfav does not, so iaztdmfav is less wet than cfjwphoajed
vbtgvci gets their towel while eplarzjvbxvv does not, so vbtgvci is not less wet than eplarzjvbxvv
daby gets their towel while rxrzpmnehqt does not, so daby is not less wet than rxrzpmnehqt
ageabknyqkp gets their towel while wyezcn does not, so ageabknyqkp is not less wet than wyezcn
dyvtrdyfz gets their towel while faizkxzsd does not, so dyvtrdyfz is not less wet than faizkxzsd
brhwiunjlaj gets their towel while yxarvapydq does not, so brhwiunjlaj is not less wet than yxarvapydq
tovxgrqeq gets their towel while hixxtlttp does not, so hixxtlttp is not less wet than tovxgrqeq
yayvoia gets their towel while swmavgt does not, so swmavgt is not less wet than yayvoia
oykdeiqi gets their towel while torc does not, so torc is not less wet than oykdeiqi
xqdgd gets their towel while cedgqo does not, so cedgqo is not less wet than xqdgd
hfbl gets their towel while hmhmjy does not, so hmhmjy is not less wet than hfbl
dracldecobv reaches their peak while fuybxjd does not, so dracldecobv is less successful than fuybxjd
btqtmpnyzfof reaches their peak while bune does not, so btqtmpnyzfof is less successful than bune
eybbvwffnglk reaches their peak while dgouw does not, so eybbvwffnglk is less successful than dgouw
lrrp reaches their peak while bjki does not, so lrrp is less successful than bjki
olrkikh reaches their peak while vqxslpaspie does not, so olrkikh is less successful than vqxslpaspie
jueftciblfl reaches their peak while emhnldjys does not, so emhnldjys is less successful than jueftciblfl
iiqsczs reaches their peak while astvrltaxv does not, so astvrltaxv is less successful than iiqsczs
ekswtpzwqigh reaches their peak while hdadajohbrct does not, so hdadajohbrct is less successful than ekswtpzwqigh
gvbrqfiqep reaches their peak while hjvpdzkkka does not, so hjvpdzkkka is less successful than gvbrqfiqep
xuxkqi reaches their peak while yjhw does not, so yjhw is less successful than xuxkqi
kmvt reaches their peak while yyfmkmvujrd does not, so kmvt is not less successful than yyfmkmvujrd
gjbtuwbs reaches their peak while adxsr does not, so gjbtuwbs is not less successful than adxsr
calcw reaches their peak while cthduiyrl does not, so calcw is not less successful than cthduiyrl
xgzgzrtrqxk reaches their peak while qaxrt does not, so xgzgzrtrqxk is not less successful than qaxrt
rdxqk reaches their peak while cvtgejgwvzu does not, so rdxqk is not less successful than cvtgejgwvzu
rkg reaches their peak while jhokyle does not, so jhokyle is not more successful than rkg
egusfubw reaches their peak while daywltedupz does not, so daywltedupz is not more successful than egusfubw
zrjdcccjej reaches their peak while yqyudqgm does not, so yqyudqgm is not more successful than zrjdcccjej
qoxhfk reaches their peak while hzbjz does not, so hzbjz is not more successful than qoxhfk
objasm reaches their peak while rjuzzmqdq does not, so rjuzzmqdq is not more successful than objasm
ojpsyqw boos another person off the stage while hljaxfotf does not, so ojpsyqw is more rude than hljaxfotf
bdaycqovoe boos another person off the stage while irhmit does not, so bdaycqovoe is more rude than irhmit
bhdzxjrxo boos another person off the stage while lwvrrcvrybmp does not, so bhdzxjrxo is more rude than lwvrrcvrybmp
mxxh boos another person off the stage while hauoylgjlag does not, so mxxh is more rude than hauoylgjlag
tjtlw boos another person off the stage while ecniyddz does not, so tjtlw is more rude than ecniyddz
lrujewydqqpu boos another person off the stage while zpaowbjg does not, so zpaowbjg is less rude than lrujewydqqpu
qrjanwevfhus boos another person off the stage while kxfskzats does not, so kxfskzats is less rude than qrjanwevfhus
lbwtokhduq boos another person off the stage while kny does not, so kny is less rude than lbwtokhduq
cte boos another person off the stage while mbemmghlvlo does not, so mbemmghlvlo is less rude than cte
lzalvvvfzpjp boos another person off the stage while gjaasqpkoyw does not, so gjaasqpkoyw is less rude than lzalvvvfzpjp
qez boos another person off the stage while qbyaehwcfxw does not, so qez is not less rude than qbyaehwcfxw
qaod boos another person off the stage while egdtzxkohbne does not, so qaod is not less rude than egdtzxkohbne
jluhvxwlg boos another person off the stage while sstedc does not, so jluhvxwlg is not less rude than sstedc
olay boos another person off the stage while uibvwpapws does not, so olay is not less rude than uibvwpapws
giofziddz boos another person off the stage while brurqa does not, so giofziddz is not less rude than brurqa
sqson boos another person off the stage while bdffmipsjr does not, so bdffmipsjr is not more rude than sqson
eviibfvis boos another person off the stage while lznbw does not, so lznbw is not more rude than eviibfvis
ytwlsoilm boos another person off the stage while sqzzltodsuo does not, so sqzzltodsuo is not more rude than ytwlsoilm
azjnp boos another person off the stage while sevt does not, so sevt is not more rude than azjnp
fcdghp boos another person off the stage while xii does not, so xii is not more rude than fcdghp
qvniyww throws open the door while nlhklvygmwr does not, so qvniyww is less bombastic than nlhklvygmwr
zbokykq throws open the door while hfxaigatfok does not, so zbokykq is less bombastic than hfxaigatfok
nfdlcuvjaa throws open the door while fapvvdrh does not, so nfdlcuvjaa is less bombastic than fapvvdrh
mtyebzsu throws open the door while tzozhjaqz does not, so mtyebzsu is less bombastic than tzozhjaqz
asmfihpnrnky throws open the door while kbegilvuuf does not, so asmfihpnrnky is less bombastic than kbegilvuuf
rgnhuccds throws open the door while pjybt does not, so pjybt is less bombastic than rgnhuccds
qkqevtv throws open the door while uqvlenj does not, so uqvlenj is less bombastic than qkqevtv
wtjejcyklt throws open the door while irmlaa does not, so irmlaa is less bombastic than wtjejcyklt
lpnrcsxdepqx throws open the door while yixbyz does not, so yixbyz is less bombastic than lpnrcsxdepqx
gyql throws open the door while rtbmfshrepu does not, so rtbmfshrepu is less bombastic than gyql
nqtfmeuj throws open the door while twgt does not, so nqtfmeuj is not less bombastic than twgt
tutmiwollxp throws open the door while tensypvimi does not, so tutmiwollxp is not less bombastic than tensypvimi
yxqpu throws open the door while nonhx does not, so yxqpu is not less bombastic than nonhx
wobjicuarh throws open the door while mqvnnf does not, so wobjicuarh is not less bombastic than mqvnnf
lkj throws open the door while lcce does not, so lkj is not less bombastic than lcce
ytr throws open the door while xpdvfwwc does not, so xpdvfwwc is not more bombastic than ytr
ppn throws open the door while dhxcvit does not, so dhxcvit is not more bombastic than ppn
ohinunyuof throws open the door while nack does not, so nack is not more bombastic than ohinunyuof
ycf throws open the door while rire does not, so rire is not more bombastic than ycf
tjaccsgepvti throws open the door while etipsfwflx does not, so etipsfwflx is not more bombastic than tjaccsgepvti
tmi dies their hair while jzcgaq does not, so tmi is more self-conscious than jzcgaq
ldjfgl dies their hair while oriilwzuhuv does not, so ldjfgl is more self-conscious than oriilwzuhuv
yifentnfsknh dies their hair while gfuumuo does not, so yifentnfsknh is more self-conscious than gfuumuo
igv dies their hair while dbunvpqmbs does not, so igv is more self-conscious than dbunvpqmbs
xppwqvrcrn dies their hair while cxemy does not, so xppwqvrcrn is more self-conscious than cxemy
irre dies their hair while pxwtapbbu does not, so pxwtapbbu is less self-conscious than irre
dovx dies their hair while eujjqhtg does not, so eujjqhtg is less self-conscious than dovx
hrzmxswer dies their hair while lhvzi does not, so lhvzi is less self-conscious than hrzmxswer
oag dies their hair while mgywjhgpknj does not, so mgywjhgpknj is less self-conscious than oag
kxjnhya dies their hair while agsgw does not, so agsgw is less self-conscious than kxjnhya
ajgp dies their hair while lehuz does not, so ajgp is not less self-conscious than lehuz
wjme dies their hair while bwpjxssjlqh does not, so wjme is not less self-conscious than bwpjxssjlqh
aiysgujtfm dies their hair while pjbixkficvw does not, so aiysgujtfm is not less self-conscious than pjbixkficvw
esyclqda dies their hair while ukwbwvne does not, so esyclqda is not less self-conscious than ukwbwvne
elcaxgzao dies their hair while efa does not, so elcaxgzao is not less self-conscious than efa
loxtgzwjm dies their hair while ijzoccvz does not, so ijzoccvz is not more self-conscious than loxtgzwjm
aelqetaf dies their hair while yser does not, so yser is not more self-conscious than aelqetaf
hgvzusvlfzct dies their hair while ewmjgdsjzs does not, so ewmjgdsjzs is not more self-conscious than hgvzusvlfzct
apptwrlnsq dies their hair while bja does not, so bja is not more self-conscious than apptwrlnsq
qidafafellx dies their hair while otwbhgcrfqxy does not, so otwbhgcrfqxy is not more self-conscious than qidafafellx
senmlurnei becomes very close while uhopmeelo does not, so senmlurnei is more open than uhopmeelo
tmombdzbaxkz becomes very close while wwtvsantlnh does not, so tmombdzbaxkz is more open than wwtvsantlnh
axwukh becomes very close while yahe does not, so axwukh is more open than yahe
yezumf becomes very close while tusput does not, so yezumf is more open than tusput
cyq becomes very close while wirpnzzge does not, so cyq is more open than wirpnzzge
gbfm becomes very close to jgti while jgti does not, so jgti is less open than gbfm
scrn becomes very close to jqffcemgmagu while jqffcemgmagu does not, so jqffcemgmagu is less open than scrn
fcudrubgvobn becomes very close to fyqfvcicyeu while fyqfvcicyeu does not, so fyqfvcicyeu is less open than fcudrubgvobn
hzcygrfsubkv becomes very close to akmcbkb while akmcbkb does not, so akmcbkb is less open than hzcygrfsubkv
uwyexr becomes very close to xixnw while xixnw does not, so xixnw is less open than uwyexr
fxiaaqsmbobz becomes very close to twblcbuoui while twblcbuoui does not, so fxiaaqsmbobz is not less open than twblcbuoui
jheuupo becomes very close to wlkanz while wlkanz does not, so jheuupo is not less open than wlkanz
ejq becomes very close to gzwwazmw while gzwwazmw does not, so ejq is not less open than gzwwazmw
mpx becomes very close to vgutwgfjr while vgutwgfjr does not, so mpx is not less open than vgutwgfjr
eytmluslkd becomes very close to gmuv while gmuv does not, so eytmluslkd is not less open than gmuv
qcgwtiou becomes very close to dof while dof is not, so dof is not more open than qcgwtiou
vqlzp becomes very close to elmvvaadey while elmvvaadey is not, so elmvvaadey is not more open than vqlzp
zydrxgmwvt becomes very close to zjqjm while zjqjm is not, so zjqjm is not more open than zydrxgmwvt
dcka becomes very close to bljk while bljk is not, so bljk is not more open than dcka
gjlmjnwteddv becomes very close to lyvfwasaxeip while lyvfwasaxeip is not, so lyvfwasaxeip is not more open than gjlmjnwteddv
khtvnqwc makes cuts from the team while uhhyepb does not, so khtvnqwc is more unlucky than uhhyepb
ruxllrjmc makes cuts from the team while mvfei does not, so ruxllrjmc is more unlucky than mvfei
lxjgq makes cuts from the team while rgopgqlva does not, so lxjgq is more unlucky than rgopgqlva
erqqfpohce makes cuts from the team while vgaysehne does not, so erqqfpohce is more unlucky than vgaysehne
jqzpwkrrpq makes cuts from the team while ggkrccam does not, so jqzpwkrrpq is more unlucky than ggkrccam
vfctruhbo cuts from the team while xwcdzbju does not, so xwcdzbju is less unlucky than vfctruhbo
wvuez cuts from the team while tphocoz does not, so tphocoz is less unlucky than wvuez
lqfhtorwyaf cuts from the team while ffysrvtgzh does not, so ffysrvtgzh is less unlucky than lqfhtorwyaf
pxpl cuts from the team while thj does not, so thj is less unlucky than pxpl
xalyiluz cuts from the team while sejukslsgj does not, so sejukslsgj is less unlucky than xalyiluz
skotp cuts from the team while tqyqjx does not, so skotp is not less unlucky than tqyqjx
lmowrwq cuts from the team while tjedfwtyr does not, so lmowrwq is not less unlucky than tjedfwtyr
alcbuwdl cuts from the team while fopullyympx does not, so alcbuwdl is not less unlucky than fopullyympx
reqzr cuts from the team while whta does not, so reqzr is not less unlucky than whta
urtnskdlldc cuts from the team while xjl does not, so urtnskdlldc is not less unlucky than xjl
olufuvxmym cuts from the team while lscfd does not, so lscfd is not more unlucky than olufuvxmym
fbcjpcwdbbo cuts from the team while qtelrfafezgf does not, so qtelrfafezgf is not more unlucky than fbcjpcwdbbo
aygkuviilvxa cuts from the team while ckdwphru does not, so ckdwphru is not more unlucky than aygkuviilvxa
yxcj cuts from the team while nybegexnt does not, so nybegexnt is not more unlucky than yxcj
lun cuts from the team while shhq does not, so shhq is not more unlucky than lun
qkfiujgq sprains their wrist while igc does not, so qkfiujgq is more non athletic than igc
znw sprains their wrist while trnoqpsljrbn does not, so znw is more non athletic than trnoqpsljrbn
emtiio sprains their wrist while jiejjtghq does not, so emtiio is more non athletic than jiejjtghq
pqfefbs sprains their wrist while brmytrn does not, so pqfefbs is more non athletic than brmytrn
vtbbuw sprains their wrist while jqzwtgqompd does not, so vtbbuw is more non athletic than jqzwtgqompd
ejsxoqedhhhw sprains their wrist while kpwiynzqc does not, so kpwiynzqc is less athletic than ejsxoqedhhhw
eirvqtoy sprains their wrist while sol does not, so sol is less athletic than eirvqtoy
ekmmsr sprains their wrist while avweoopfc does not, so avweoopfc is less athletic than ekmmsr
lstvcbmybhdm sprains their wrist while jdh does not, so jdh is less athletic than lstvcbmybhdm
qvxxhmdbup sprains their wrist while glguxppmjx does not, so glguxppmjx is less athletic than qvxxhmdbup
nwdqlcysrj sprains their wrist while jaye does not, so nwdqlcysrj is not less athletic than jaye
rhqvrdxspg sprains their wrist while qzvqecnpo does not, so rhqvrdxspg is not less athletic than qzvqecnpo
ojdvzwjxo sprains their wrist while dmhr does not, so ojdvzwjxo is not less athletic than dmhr
cobhovo sprains their wrist while lizgxckw does not, so cobhovo is not less athletic than lizgxckw
kwcmlst sprains their wrist while mps does not, so kwcmlst is not less athletic than mps
tbcadho sprains their wrist while odlo does not, so odlo is not less athletic than tbcadho
fubuvi sprains their wrist while auccnjtviwnl does not, so auccnjtviwnl is not less athletic than fubuvi
vyzhvvtry sprains their wrist while hyu does not, so hyu is not less athletic than vyzhvvtry
adbyefdlmtex sprains their wrist while hcjftni does not, so hcjftni is not less athletic than adbyefdlmtex
kts sprains their wrist while fvatyoapabzi does not, so fvatyoapabzi is not less athletic than kts
gudam makes another person's coffee while wmfdwvxala does not, so gudam is less friendly than wmfdwvxala
aksvvod makes another person's coffee while zycvpwiugjdm does not, so aksvvod is less friendly than zycvpwiugjdm
dutykyjgfmha makes another person's coffee while kheqvuuspst does not, so dutykyjgfmha is less friendly than kheqvuuspst
ntehnsbd makes another person's coffee while jmpabxxxz does not, so ntehnsbd is less friendly than jmpabxxxz
vxtgthgqwzq makes another person's coffee while fafkg does not, so vxtgthgqwzq is less friendly than fafkg
kfpogn makes another person's coffee while fyvxaqsds does not, so fyvxaqsds is less friendly than kfpogn
ddrlokiklwk makes another person's coffee while yjqfimh does not, so yjqfimh is less friendly than ddrlokiklwk
gpadrcbdtbw makes another person's coffee while tzwjnvax does not, so tzwjnvax is less friendly than gpadrcbdtbw
tiahjdzhfa makes another person's coffee while xepzfm does not, so xepzfm is less friendly than tiahjdzhfa
noehcgft makes another person's coffee while utcmrovjxm does not, so utcmrovjxm is less friendly than noehcgft
fxhwuweg makes another person's coffee while krhfrqg does not, so fxhwuweg is not less friendly than krhfrqg
felmus makes another person's coffee while yxlykmuiwn does not, so felmus is not less friendly than yxlykmuiwn
hqtesjdg makes another person's coffee while nkiuybfbt does not, so hqtesjdg is not less friendly than nkiuybfbt
iscqi makes another person's coffee while wyyw does not, so iscqi is not less friendly than wyyw
zdtosypci makes another person's coffee while ebsdpsmgb does not, so zdtosypci is not less friendly than ebsdpsmgb
nvosjadblsxd makes another person's coffee while tffzpffhsbgi does not, so tffzpffhsbgi is not more friendly than nvosjadblsxd
hyiutobtwbud makes another person's coffee while znqz does not, so znqz is not more friendly than hyiutobtwbud
ank makes another person's coffee while ufvnkzcu does not, so ufvnkzcu is not more friendly than ank
gldixpp makes another person's coffee while dbelnwyo does not, so dbelnwyo is not more friendly than gldixpp
nmpwwe makes another person's coffee while rhwlnz does not, so rhwlnz is not more friendly than nmpwwe
uasau tries to get another person's attention while whr does not, so uasau is more demanding than whr
aoiztjzx tries to get another person's attention while vuzsddsv does not, so aoiztjzx is more demanding than vuzsddsv
pfcefurxlalu tries to get another person's attention while utufriwd does not, so pfcefurxlalu is more demanding than utufriwd
rhnynd tries to get another person's attention while pjkvwtculhh does not, so rhnynd is more demanding than pjkvwtculhh
unryjr tries to get another person's attention while difj does not, so unryjr is more demanding than difj
jgjkmt tries to get another person's attention while ycokt does not, so ycokt is less demanding than jgjkmt
srxw tries to get another person's attention while iqqmmpli does not, so iqqmmpli is less demanding than srxw
ikznhxqnloh tries to get another person's attention while guovmg does not, so guovmg is less demanding than ikznhxqnloh
pcqgirs tries to get another person's attention while ljjyrytfo does not, so ljjyrytfo is less demanding than pcqgirs
dtye tries to get another person's attention while dzyndhk does not, so dzyndhk is less demanding than dtye
gztkyofis tries to get another person's attention while lovrn does not, so gztkyofis is not less demanding than lovrn
ejkkkwbt tries to get another person's attention while umtde does not, so ejkkkwbt is not less demanding than umtde
ftuebmxm tries to get another person's attention while jokvjnouv does not, so ftuebmxm is not less demanding than jokvjnouv
hwk tries to get another person's attention while gfzdmaddz does not, so hwk is not less demanding than gfzdmaddz
iqo tries to get another person's attention while tubjnwifyan does not, so iqo is not less demanding than tubjnwifyan
dmphofapnfn tries to get another person's attention while kytagvlddsxy does not, so kytagvlddsxy is not more demanding than dmphofapnfn
jsqfubhdurri tries to get another person's attention while rjbyxvi does not, so rjbyxvi is not more demanding than jsqfubhdurri
htxqvhax tries to get another person's attention while qpjxjoqc does not, so qpjxjoqc is not more demanding than htxqvhax
zfgvfy tries to get another person's attention while jpzbnkqke does not, so jpzbnkqke is not more demanding than zfgvfy
xkvri tries to get another person's attention while eyajhlrj does not, so eyajhlrj is not more demanding than xkvri
zrvgz brings another person a spare key while kbxqwtsz does not, so zrvgz is more generous than kbxqwtsz
pfinpdetiol brings another person a spare key while nzjfrigiyg does not, so pfinpdetiol is more generous than nzjfrigiyg
ddoqzxsqus brings another person a spare key while mukdwugcpfym does not, so ddoqzxsqus is more generous than mukdwugcpfym
sfiyju brings another person a spare key while ivsuatznlox does not, so sfiyju is more generous than ivsuatznlox
avvchsvuxm brings another person a spare key while gbjqzzpmxurp does not, so avvchsvuxm is more generous than gbjqzzpmxurp
zuewzbs brings another person a spare key while aoheab does not, so aoheab is less generous than zuewzbs
yxjy brings another person a spare key while mgcep does not, so mgcep is less generous than yxjy
ypxstfiukkc brings another person a spare key while nezdgllqd does not, so nezdgllqd is less generous than ypxstfiukkc
hsrkjb brings another person a spare key while cvj does not, so cvj is less generous than hsrkjb
thgz brings another person a spare key while crx does not, so crx is less generous than thgz
amimwoo brings another person a spare key while uvveevfhtju does not, so amimwoo is not less generous than uvveevfhtju
innabgknsp brings another person a spare key while sxx does not, so innabgknsp is not less generous than sxx
xwdsqnouetk brings another person a spare key while xtry does not, so xwdsqnouetk is not less generous than xtry
ievc brings another person a spare key while lxzhnq does not, so ievc is not less generous than lxzhnq
olawuoq brings another person a spare key while yvxxwfvmuwd does not, so olawuoq is not less generous than yvxxwfvmuwd
cqupw brings another person a spare key while wyridj does not, so wyridj is not more generous than cqupw
thuyfzlzxtko brings another person a spare key while rccjczpjh does not, so rccjczpjh is not more generous than thuyfzlzxtko
mdkzxwnimr brings another person a spare key while blfbq does not, so blfbq is not more generous than mdkzxwnimr
xaqhhqzstiqk brings another person a spare key while tfcgemsb does not, so tfcgemsb is not more generous than xaqhhqzstiqk
kkl brings another person a spare key while csgwbgnw does not, so csgwbgnw is not more generous than kkl
sqbqno comes running while wjfqnzo does not, so sqbqno is more loyal than wjfqnzo
nlwakaqlx comes running while nccfexmpq does not, so nlwakaqlx is more loyal than nccfexmpq
mpsg comes running while dgnovtgbadt does not, so mpsg is more loyal than dgnovtgbadt
ggllc comes running while oyx does not, so ggllc is more loyal than oyx
ywgdsnwrev comes running while gtcovyird does not, so ywgdsnwrev is more loyal than gtcovyird
nfigdhmsd comes running while rmecxzd does not, so rmecxzd is less loyal than nfigdhmsd
nwciek comes running while vqz does not, so vqz is less loyal than nwciek
jgity comes running while htaq does not, so htaq is less loyal than jgity
pglf comes running while ktclbqhsml does not, so ktclbqhsml is less loyal than pglf
polxxxzyd comes running while yhutjqmz does not, so yhutjqmz is less loyal than polxxxzyd
tidxrhd comes running while qqouzt does not, so tidxrhd is not less loyal than qqouzt
zqlxklatwl comes running while ynwszm does not, so zqlxklatwl is not less loyal than ynwszm
gezypxvpthlx comes running while kjqwvboy does not, so gezypxvpthlx is not less loyal than kjqwvboy
emrbqxjlga comes running while oyaprbstpfbf does not, so emrbqxjlga is not less loyal than oyaprbstpfbf
xkquwjniqfu comes running while fgpexnmwq does not, so xkquwjniqfu is not less loyal than fgpexnmwq
csvyuxss comes running while qwpahekzdlsr does not, so qwpahekzdlsr is not more loyal than csvyuxss
acdybhm comes running while ntlx does not, so ntlx is not more loyal than acdybhm
nmwrksryiulb comes running while kuxuwxxsirn does not, so kuxuwxxsirn is not more loyal than nmwrksryiulb
evg comes running while ygpwjuhwf does not, so ygpwjuhwf is not more loyal than evg
benjaemv comes running while virpbcaz does not, so virpbcaz is not more loyal than benjaemv
egctjizpaxwt uses the bathroom while cyh does not, so egctjizpaxwt is more hurried than cyh
smpmx uses the bathroom while yyzuvpnkxvx does not, so smpmx is more hurried than yyzuvpnkxvx
vmrawh uses the bathroom while zxcdukxpil does not, so vmrawh is more hurried than zxcdukxpil
vaavjrk uses the bathroom while ymkjwg does not, so vaavjrk is more hurried than ymkjwg
zomosuehppy uses the bathroom while bquzlopu does not, so zomosuehppy is more hurried than bquzlopu
focphmhn uses the bathroom while pnzbwpjzkvtf does not, so pnzbwpjzkvtf is less hurried than focphmhn
zgcfagznrazh uses the bathroom while corq does not, so corq is less hurried than zgcfagznrazh
yvnjyq uses the bathroom while ndonbfprrwa does not, so ndonbfprrwa is less hurried than yvnjyq
ltejxbbdtmb uses the bathroom while ifnert does not, so ifnert is less hurried than ltejxbbdtmb
jvuqtp uses the bathroom while visxfehhv does not, so visxfehhv is less hurried than jvuqtp
dmaapnhabm uses the bathroom while cowkhquuwbp does not, so dmaapnhabm is not less hurried than cowkhquuwbp
jxldlyon uses the bathroom while tqvnrnkglwl does not, so jxldlyon is not less hurried than tqvnrnkglwl
eorcfxrgbh uses the bathroom while etrtldj does not, so eorcfxrgbh is not less hurried than etrtldj
uen uses the bathroom while dypbhouu does not, so uen is not less hurried than dypbhouu
fxofzbepvb uses the bathroom while ulht does not, so fxofzbepvb is not less hurried than ulht
uethoeyicbw uses the bathroom while btvnwkibyr does not, so btvnwkibyr is not more hurried than uethoeyicbw
yrtfydsxzred uses the bathroom while vqmkrmyi does not, so vqmkrmyi is not more hurried than yrtfydsxzred
ackc uses the bathroom while ualhtvxafrn does not, so ualhtvxafrn is not more hurried than ackc
quyiwa uses the bathroom while godbqskypf does not, so godbqskypf is not more hurried than quyiwa
xpy uses the bathroom while zaiuknpq does not, so zaiuknpq is not more hurried than xpy
bwvpntta has finally come while neydezrvxgvl has not, so bwvpntta is more happy than neydezrvxgvl
vatmkrkgxgt has finally come while sxrexvhyzbu has not, so vatmkrkgxgt is more happy than sxrexvhyzbu
sra has finally come while tjxmjuicbwk has not, so sra is more happy than tjxmjuicbwk
lxkjkdsidrjk has finally come while shqizub has not, so lxkjkdsidrjk is more happy than shqizub
kmij has finally come while pmqhxzje has not, so kmij is more happy than pmqhxzje
ekjahfvic has finally come, muzcbmyhwdit has not, so muzcbmyhwdit is less happy than ekjahfvic
nrenbsph has finally come, iqxrgikdzg has not, so iqxrgikdzg is less happy than nrenbsph
vrsjfldazwca has finally come, waacsx has not, so waacsx is less happy than vrsjfldazwca
jjci has finally come, jbbnduvajaxw has not, so jbbnduvajaxw is less happy than jjci
fvfu has finally come, vebdb has not, so vebdb is less happy than fvfu
qucmvcwz has finally come, so qucmvcwz is not less happy than tyqaj
ttntb has finally come, so ttntb is not less happy than fvkqnyfaqsrz
eotrzewps has finally come, so eotrzewps is not less happy than agsvabujarcp
umbf has finally come, so umbf is not less happy than xlbrketg
srq has finally come, so srq is not less happy than ukkjowwdod
omqlgurvdwil has finally come while janzblczp has not, so janzblczp is not more happy than omqlgurvdwil
ynaytaqiv has finally come while qwbpiqezyix has not, so qwbpiqezyix is not more happy than ynaytaqiv
yhnw has finally come while trkyzlioa has not, so trkyzlioa is not more happy than yhnw
rutscm has finally come while gtrghmdf has not, so gtrghmdf is not more happy than rutscm
rmnsmgezuypu has finally come while rbfi has not, so rbfi is not more happy than rmnsmgezuypu
mrgjzreqc sees a rat while fhgicdleafi does not, so mrgjzreqc is less annoyed than fhgicdleafi
buliblhonml sees a rat while yhszzm does not, so buliblhonml is less annoyed than yhszzm
gfwssywfw sees a rat while dzq does not, so gfwssywfw is less annoyed than dzq
vtw sees a rat while zloysviy does not, so vtw is less annoyed than zloysviy
kzgutn sees a rat while ujbedqzc does not, so kzgutn is less annoyed than ujbedqzc
gnjrkdmmiv sees a rat while cagkichza does not, so cagkichza is less annoyed than gnjrkdmmiv
zwhzlgvueng sees a rat while jsvq does not, so jsvq is less annoyed than zwhzlgvueng
iycgnqiwt sees a rat while qsfiyqqbypj does not, so qsfiyqqbypj is less annoyed than iycgnqiwt
wynwiln sees a rat while hcfboic does not, so hcfboic is less annoyed than wynwiln
jjxrn sees a rat while aqeuaqlxa does not, so aqeuaqlxa is less annoyed than jjxrn
xqedmpvqv sees a rat while yiqtdu does not, so xqedmpvqv is not less annoyed than yiqtdu
vxknwqdwmtvq sees a rat while utpigaqoh does not, so vxknwqdwmtvq is not less annoyed than utpigaqoh
tnmoruk sees a rat while pvuzlxq does not, so tnmoruk is not less annoyed than pvuzlxq
uya sees a rat while ukadlrxogta does not, so uya is not less annoyed than ukadlrxogta
yxbfewww sees a rat while xpawqklo does not, so yxbfewww is not less annoyed than xpawqklo
jbgzf sees a rat while ckbdsxsbfkhd does not, so ckbdsxsbfkhd is not more annoyed than jbgzf
ugpky sees a rat while jutlrmqfev does not, so jutlrmqfev is not more annoyed than ugpky
yjko sees a rat while yrqrtyisqvb does not, so yrqrtyisqvb is not more annoyed than yjko
uhs sees a rat while iwniiec does not, so iwniiec is not more annoyed than uhs
gna sees a rat while kwjfkmzvci does not, so kwjfkmzvci is not more annoyed than gna
srfbhrh rounds the corner while nxtvzivfekr does not, so srfbhrh is more adventurous than nxtvzivfekr
cimgumdvnaq rounds the corner while xqejjronis does not, so cimgumdvnaq is more adventurous than xqejjronis
eupj rounds the corner while fchxkcegn does not, so eupj is more adventurous than fchxkcegn
tjaginpmqc rounds the corner while fibof does not, so tjaginpmqc is more adventurous than fibof
fjrljvudpk rounds the corner while xojia does not, so fjrljvudpk is more adventurous than xojia
cuwsbrhgkymd rounds the corner while ggtwllurbhp does not, so ggtwllurbhp is less adventurous than cuwsbrhgkymd
igqcmcg rounds the corner while pssingr does not, so pssingr is less adventurous than igqcmcg
uexing rounds the corner while hftoq does not, so hftoq is less adventurous than uexing
asch rounds the corner while fpx does not, so fpx is less adventurous than asch
ajisvsa rounds the corner while agddjrmwx does not, so agddjrmwx is less adventurous than ajisvsa
cimpzrn rounds the corner while nohpgrrfryw does not, so cimpzrn is not less adventurous than nohpgrrfryw
gwtkmeowm rounds the corner while kqdgqeyjxk does not, so gwtkmeowm is not less adventurous than kqdgqeyjxk
aeqfkpkevf rounds the corner while iqngevv does not, so aeqfkpkevf is not less adventurous than iqngevv
dlupgaeuyr rounds the corner while swhwxtdob does not, so dlupgaeuyr is not less adventurous than swhwxtdob
chkju rounds the corner while bhrxns does not, so chkju is not less adventurous than bhrxns
fjopug rounds the corner while ckwixkojlocn does not, so ckwixkojlocn is not more adventurous than fjopug
dymy rounds the corner while wtvcfsdt does not, so wtvcfsdt is not more adventurous than dymy
nxp rounds the corner while hpkcosgf does not, so hpkcosgf is not more adventurous than nxp
lbihmbj rounds the corner while obgwbwzb does not, so obgwbwzb is not more adventurous than lbihmbj
wkvund rounds the corner while payzfn does not, so payzfn is not more adventurous than wkvund
vujsejx draws the line while uihmv does not, so vujsejx is more artistic than uihmv
ohhhvqqla draws the line while sparxdkszbu does not, so ohhhvqqla is more artistic than sparxdkszbu
wugp draws the line while tztabgpln does not, so wugp is more artistic than tztabgpln
vtva draws the line while bao does not, so vtva is more artistic than bao
methaqm draws the line while tfo does not, so methaqm is more artistic than tfo
qiqqdxi draws the line while ydmu does not, so ydmu is less artistic than qiqqdxi
bnfbzpesvchs draws the line while snvbo does not, so snvbo is less artistic than bnfbzpesvchs
rpzkancuxi draws the line while weva does not, so weva is less artistic than rpzkancuxi
dvochjy draws the line while gskmjoull does not, so gskmjoull is less artistic than dvochjy
xrcmtyzhakrg draws the line while fuosowtdbu does not, so fuosowtdbu is less artistic than xrcmtyzhakrg
rrd draws the line while pbomp does not, so rrd is not less artistic than pbomp
djcvd draws the line while powf does not, so djcvd is not less artistic than powf
geojs draws the line while isk does not, so geojs is not less artistic than isk
pitzfoqomkm draws the line while ehvhlifeggvw does not, so pitzfoqomkm is not less artistic than ehvhlifeggvw
wdcmv draws the line while qnbyxoczrhbi does not, so wdcmv is not less artistic than qnbyxoczrhbi
ueaiwalai draws the line while ycple does not, so ycple is not more artistic than ueaiwalai
lnrgyy draws the line while mgrz does not, so mgrz is not more artistic than lnrgyy
hytkc draws the line while dmfefiudnmx does not, so dmfefiudnmx is not more artistic than hytkc
qzeuvwghd draws the line while rhzujhylgxx does not, so rhzujhylgxx is not more artistic than qzeuvwghd
ayiy draws the line while jcaidexkvh does not, so jcaidexkvh is not more artistic than ayiy
ebelfyxqt works perfectly while rgckhpx does not, so ebelfyxqt is more effective than rgckhpx
zevvxryloqm works perfectly while cnezkhb does not, so zevvxryloqm is more effective than cnezkhb
fkxqby works perfectly while tauo does not, so fkxqby is more effective than tauo
mzgxsw works perfectly while wjojmn does not, so mzgxsw is more effective than wjojmn
cdwbdgwf works perfectly while mpyhokih does not, so cdwbdgwf is more effective than mpyhokih
rjr works perfectly while fhwplfyw does not, so fhwplfyw is less effective than rjr
dajlkljnm works perfectly while ppiwhl does not, so ppiwhl is less effective than dajlkljnm
zjhmeqe works perfectly while gbz does not, so gbz is less effective than zjhmeqe
fqt works perfectly while cekawkuebjcj does not, so cekawkuebjcj is less effective than fqt
xcuji works perfectly while elmitukpl does not, so elmitukpl is less effective than xcuji
zvecqqctzh works perfectly while ygyc does not, so zvecqqctzh is not less effective than ygyc
kgfudaqtqxa works perfectly while ydekugeit does not, so kgfudaqtqxa is not less effective than ydekugeit
cfgw works perfectly while qxbsfmdr does not, so cfgw is not less effective than qxbsfmdr
cjbsnwqjztv works perfectly while bfgtlinxg does not, so cjbsnwqjztv is not less effective than bfgtlinxg
stmhctv works perfectly while zxiqg does not, so stmhctv is not less effective than zxiqg
hkbinzyqmgxg works perfectly while uvlq does not, so uvlq is not more effective than hkbinzyqmgxg
pri works perfectly while qtlwziy does not, so qtlwziy is not more effective than pri
wgencrwn works perfectly while lfjlaptufees does not, so lfjlaptufees is not more effective than wgencrwn
awc works perfectly while ffvc does not, so ffvc is not more effective than awc
rtfhdaqcbzz works perfectly while oubwqucwy does not, so oubwqucwy is not more effective than rtfhdaqcbzz
uomxfstq takes another person's picture while zmchd does not, so uomxfstq is more helpful than zmchd
ncnzhe takes another person's picture while tjfnxem does not, so ncnzhe is more helpful than tjfnxem
ffnh takes another person's picture while gsspiwcam does not, so ffnh is more helpful than gsspiwcam
hjp takes another person's picture while awehomai does not, so hjp is more helpful than awehomai
snbfhpk takes another person's picture while qghnyfsdmt does not, so snbfhpk is more helpful than qghnyfsdmt
jrjcyv takes another person's picture while reqnchk does not, so reqnchk is less helpful than jrjcyv
covemeuswoy takes another person's picture while lgqiqqzlwj does not, so lgqiqqzlwj is less helpful than covemeuswoy
amnwmzd takes another person's picture while pjhptwq does not, so pjhptwq is less helpful than amnwmzd
vtxuzjhtvu takes another person's picture while xhys does not, so xhys is less helpful than vtxuzjhtvu
tulnbjpamstn takes another person's picture while wajacecext does not, so wajacecext is less helpful than tulnbjpamstn
bvjsrm takes another person's picture while hylvgkbtsxpj does not, so bvjsrm is not less helpful than hylvgkbtsxpj
yumgfpfjv takes another person's picture while tbr does not, so yumgfpfjv is not less helpful than tbr
pqfcv takes another person's picture while arglso does not, so pqfcv is not less helpful than arglso
fqhgawv takes another person's picture while kuknrvymakca does not, so fqhgawv is not less helpful than kuknrvymakca
kkg takes another person's picture while hyogaft does not, so kkg is not less helpful than hyogaft
avuhqbaymc takes another person's picture while ishfrn does not, so ishfrn is not more helpful than avuhqbaymc
lplf takes another person's picture while gqmjlcuwokh does not, so gqmjlcuwokh is not more helpful than lplf
sxu takes another person's picture while akrgave does not, so akrgave is not more helpful than sxu
oanhtbyijli takes another person's picture while scqeyeth does not, so scqeyeth is not more helpful than oanhtbyijli
btbq takes another person's picture while hniejb does not, so hniejb is not more helpful than btbq
bhvg works pretty well while kkihuen does not, so bhvg is more competent than kkihuen
usqzpgowmot works pretty well while jbcvku does not, so usqzpgowmot is more competent than jbcvku
akabio works pretty well while iddedacfjg does not, so akabio is more competent than iddedacfjg
tfkfzy works pretty well while mdrnvgdike does not, so tfkfzy is more competent than mdrnvgdike
tzrffhhueo works pretty well while hlwzxpbvzqh does not, so tzrffhhueo is more competent than hlwzxpbvzqh
jzuqk works pretty well while tnkl does not, so tnkl is less competent than jzuqk
evoomgmexy works pretty well while navnqfk does not, so navnqfk is less competent than evoomgmexy
voua works pretty well while kokod does not, so kokod is less competent than voua
smmvunmnxihe works pretty well while etioehjs does not, so etioehjs is less competent than smmvunmnxihe
dpkbxk works pretty well while gtq does not, so gtq is less competent than dpkbxk
kyjldk works pretty well while vcdhsovegw does not, so kyjldk is not less competent than vcdhsovegw
gjddb works pretty well while grr does not, so gjddb is not less competent than grr
aavphlh works pretty well while mfsgv does not, so aavphlh is not less competent than mfsgv
ydamkl works pretty well while asq does not, so ydamkl is not less competent than asq
lonsckdph works pretty well while keldugkbwf does not, so lonsckdph is not less competent than keldugkbwf
hknv works pretty well while qnkmfoegurwk does not, so qnkmfoegurwk is not more competent than hknv
mgzutonbgk works pretty well while pzz does not, so pzz is not more competent than mgzutonbgk
zaopdpxhuv works pretty well while euxc does not, so euxc is not more competent than zaopdpxhuv
nkyopq works pretty well while qnrvuhdufhv does not, so qnrvuhdufhv is not more competent than nkyopq
hpljwdmqd works pretty well while hkbr does not, so hkbr is not more competent than hpljwdmqd
nawwfdcqgm replaces the battery while rqlbboprf does not, so nawwfdcqgm is more adroit than rqlbboprf
ifgiovjiw replaces the battery while mur does not, so ifgiovjiw is more adroit than mur
zguj replaces the battery while haatrmws does not, so zguj is more adroit than haatrmws
sewqvzmpse replaces the battery while ihqrehmeik does not, so sewqvzmpse is more adroit than ihqrehmeik
kmgnsax replaces the battery while zppol does not, so kmgnsax is more adroit than zppol
mavinyoehuzj replaces the battery while unnz does not, so unnz is less adroit than mavinyoehuzj
fmlwxsekdipp replaces the battery while ygxg does not, so ygxg is less adroit than fmlwxsekdipp
rhmuqhxuw replaces the battery while isxxzuobkg does not, so isxxzuobkg is less adroit than rhmuqhxuw
mpc replaces the battery while cfggyh does not, so cfggyh is less adroit than mpc
cnaig replaces the battery while awqnfrpftw does not, so awqnfrpftw is less adroit than cnaig
yxfsman replaces the battery while hxo does not, so yxfsman is not more adroit than hxo
jqffisfcasiw replaces the battery while tdaury does not, so jqffisfcasiw is not more adroit than tdaury
zzjhmjv replaces the battery while rhkg does not, so zzjhmjv is not more adroit than rhkg
glk replaces the battery while zpgijkne does not, so glk is not more adroit than zpgijkne
ajaetile replaces the battery while wlpqn does not, so ajaetile is not more adroit than wlpqn
bzpo replaces the battery while tfr does not, so tfr is not more adroit than bzpo
ftrboozzlrlp replaces the battery while eosusookeegd does not, so eosusookeegd is not more adroit than ftrboozzlrlp
ikuqjehlqpwn replaces the battery while gpwf does not, so gpwf is not more adroit than ikuqjehlqpwn
muqfs replaces the battery while qmocqsligzqf does not, so qmocqsligzqf is not more adroit than muqfs
eetlwrtu replaces the battery while unhxixirp does not, so unhxixirp is not more adroit than eetlwrtu
csqp knits a blanket while ljwbd does not, so csqp is more creative than ljwbd
yzohcsvbtppv knits a blanket while liiczt does not, so yzohcsvbtppv is more creative than liiczt
zcakscfbhmfc knits a blanket while yspv does not, so zcakscfbhmfc is more creative than yspv
kfeg knits a blanket while cxe does not, so kfeg is more creative than cxe
xcrchrpuk knits a blanket while cvqeoqw does not, so xcrchrpuk is more creative than cvqeoqw
yepygtowvodh knits a blanket while clxenjx does not, so clxenjx is less creative than yepygtowvodh
walx knits a blanket while tqyxopdohs does not, so tqyxopdohs is less creative than walx
gvsmgnxkwm knits a blanket while wrwvepqbcjbm does not, so wrwvepqbcjbm is less creative than gvsmgnxkwm
bnma knits a blanket while qwgydjzbly does not, so qwgydjzbly is less creative than bnma
kaywgcbbr knits a blanket while tfzqx does not, so tfzqx is less creative than kaywgcbbr
xmucw knits a blanket while hgcdghbv does not, so xmucw is not less creative than hgcdghbv
lgpwcrtvjqvf knits a blanket while lubpgk does not, so lgpwcrtvjqvf is not less creative than lubpgk
wxyefogil knits a blanket while mcaf does not, so wxyefogil is not less creative than mcaf
bmwvx knits a blanket while uzpuffecwj does not, so bmwvx is not less creative than uzpuffecwj
amcgqlci knits a blanket while obvjulvpyv does not, so amcgqlci is not less creative than obvjulvpyv
ldpqgrjlzf knits a blanket while rtzrhdapx does not, so rtzrhdapx is not more creative than ldpqgrjlzf
alnxzpgscdyn knits a blanket while rprosvzdhtq does not, so rprosvzdhtq is not more creative than alnxzpgscdyn
fstmqxgb knits a blanket while axpwcqzog does not, so axpwcqzog is not more creative than fstmqxgb
xdvpxhm knits a blanket while lbgtbeqyivr does not, so lbgtbeqyivr is not more creative than xdvpxhm
gieljrbn knits a blanket while sqinpleqn does not, so sqinpleqn is not more creative than gieljrbn
lqaiofoagi listens to another person's stories while zvckcfixewr does not, so lqaiofoagi is more interested than zvckcfixewr
wcbwgkhnxvax listens to another person's stories while pbhoqh does not, so wcbwgkhnxvax is more interested than pbhoqh
gscevyf listens to another person's stories while wryisqeady does not, so gscevyf is more interested than wryisqeady
rewzmpcwaihl listens to another person's stories while eidktolknfs does not, so rewzmpcwaihl is more interested than eidktolknfs
dnhpskkwassx listens to another person's stories while bmowxkpa does not, so dnhpskkwassx is more interested than bmowxkpa
xtqwonvekr listens to another person's stories while jtzj does not, so jtzj is less interested than xtqwonvekr
zcyvhdqtn listens to another person's stories while pbuvkxgklwn does not, so pbuvkxgklwn is less interested than zcyvhdqtn
fdb listens to another person's stories while qotyy does not, so qotyy is less interested than fdb
rteagxyr listens to another person's stories while kjzfhtuaee does not, so kjzfhtuaee is less interested than rteagxyr
vaqhfiq listens to another person's stories while sdpdywbwhj does not, so sdpdywbwhj is less interested than vaqhfiq
fbib listens to another person's stories while iykm does not, so fbib is not less interested than iykm
zzn listens to another person's stories while ihitra does not, so zzn is not less interested than ihitra
gpoapdwrekes listens to another person's stories while ydjdxttc does not, so gpoapdwrekes is not less interested than ydjdxttc
pxq listens to another person's stories while weztkdylc does not, so pxq is not less interested than weztkdylc
cjtlanv listens to another person's stories while ppp does not, so cjtlanv is not less interested than ppp
sbbzasrxln listens to another person's stories while ehehung does not, so ehehung is not more interested than sbbzasrxln
tdgrcqtfiw listens to another person's stories while ekjrwgft does not, so ekjrwgft is not more interested than tdgrcqtfiw
kbywqxijwamh listens to another person's stories while spsyawtpnlxq does not, so spsyawtpnlxq is not more interested than kbywqxijwamh
grq listens to another person's stories while olyxfnc does not, so olyxfnc is not more interested than grq
gbles listens to another person's stories while wycuh does not, so wycuh is not more interested than gbles
ieljazleojdz follows another person back while wkholo does not, so ieljazleojdz is more lost than wkholo
hue follows another person back while zewmaeyr does not, so hue is more lost than zewmaeyr
hxfctqmynn follows another person back while ijjag does not, so hxfctqmynn is more lost than ijjag
nqqefcillbx follows another person back while tvcpvn does not, so nqqefcillbx is more lost than tvcpvn
bgggealjzbd follows another person back while fgund does not, so bgggealjzbd is more lost than fgund
olnacwhjwdd follows another person back while zzatacu does not, so zzatacu is less lost than olnacwhjwdd
bceinzhzfk follows another person back while qkxzvjxdyou does not, so qkxzvjxdyou is less lost than bceinzhzfk
eegphrhd follows another person back while edxt does not, so edxt is less lost than eegphrhd
twoblqrx follows another person back while gxunokxzv does not, so gxunokxzv is less lost than twoblqrx
hyiysnpe follows another person back while cakw does not, so cakw is less lost than hyiysnpe
ixfiskljwiut follows another person back while gdiacnbqu does not, so ixfiskljwiut is not less lost than gdiacnbqu
hmbtflpofi follows another person back while chcscpxmhstj does not, so hmbtflpofi is not less lost than chcscpxmhstj
quqdpjw follows another person back while mizcpxpxcqj does not, so quqdpjw is not less lost than mizcpxpxcqj
eole follows another person back while odpwa does not, so eole is not less lost than odpwa
nyvzevhi follows another person back while affuslcxxbt does not, so nyvzevhi is not less lost than affuslcxxbt
rwpzr follows another person back while crvhcejiri does not, so crvhcejiri is not more lost than rwpzr
yrn follows another person back while xofujv does not, so xofujv is not more lost than yrn
fpdqqb follows another person back while mttbtoi does not, so mttbtoi is not more lost than fpdqqb
vlupaecga follows another person back while fiy does not, so fiy is not more lost than vlupaecga
qrvfaq follows another person back while kvkp does not, so kvkp is not more lost than qrvfaq
envcsmuocwoq plays their first game while amnkjygek does not, so envcsmuocwoq is less open-minded than amnkjygek
skkqfghhkqm plays their first game while zwbygfhcswk does not, so skkqfghhkqm is less open-minded than zwbygfhcswk
iyyfroroc plays their first game while rwfrqoq does not, so iyyfroroc is less open-minded than rwfrqoq
athyieh plays their first game while bnwdbwiz does not, so athyieh is less open-minded than bnwdbwiz
kbgsuymk plays their first game while gnxozgijjz does not, so kbgsuymk is less open-minded than gnxozgijjz
nnovaj plays their first game while ezgu does not, so ezgu is less open-minded than nnovaj
zxhcuzxyueg plays their first game while ykcpoai does not, so ykcpoai is less open-minded than zxhcuzxyueg
topmpresanl plays their first game while gztcvc does not, so gztcvc is less open-minded than topmpresanl
aqkzaom plays their first game while xocpbryi does not, so xocpbryi is less open-minded than aqkzaom
jfcwzawndkt plays their first game while xeprwb does not, so xeprwb is less open-minded than jfcwzawndkt
jngndhfpu plays their first game while ciobksjlhcru does not, so jngndhfpu is not less open-minded than ciobksjlhcru
oohvqpupwwg plays their first game while szfbsji does not, so oohvqpupwwg is not less open-minded than szfbsji
ccviuxxcs plays their first game while xtrbqxf does not, so ccviuxxcs is not less open-minded than xtrbqxf
vkonio plays their first game while eywhydvu does not, so vkonio is not less open-minded than eywhydvu
katawygkpmp plays their first game while xrkh does not, so katawygkpmp is not less open-minded than xrkh
gffo plays their first game while evruw does not, so evruw is not more open-minded than gffo
nwxduqrvm plays their first game while yzgenmylj does not, so yzgenmylj is not more open-minded than nwxduqrvm
ekrfcbqh plays their first game while jxzorjcjzt does not, so jxzorjcjzt is not more open-minded than ekrfcbqh
smsniocu plays their first game while uns does not, so uns is not more open-minded than smsniocu
pjkpirhkpq plays their first game while vvfbfdadb does not, so vvfbfdadb is not more open-minded than pjkpirhkpq
zjirxdzznql needs some cash while exbzyg does not, so zjirxdzznql is more desperate than exbzyg
mhvhseavou needs some cash while ihxxkwmug does not, so mhvhseavou is more desperate than ihxxkwmug
aetjnal needs some cash while hslssdswjyy does not, so aetjnal is more desperate than hslssdswjyy
ojlymtihrh needs some cash while pewtzq does not, so ojlymtihrh is more desperate than pewtzq
ezyhhokq needs some cash while rgoi does not, so ezyhhokq is more desperate than rgoi
vtohwje needs some cash while bpruwp does not, so bpruwp is less desperate than vtohwje
wdorpyldl needs some cash while mhetd does not, so mhetd is less desperate than wdorpyldl
hlmpohzfhd needs some cash while hffgbsbkh does not, so hffgbsbkh is less desperate than hlmpohzfhd
yptlwodxo needs some cash while qglbkvmzd does not, so qglbkvmzd is less desperate than yptlwodxo
ftpvogqajcrg needs some cash while fbuxtb does not, so fbuxtb is less desperate than ftpvogqajcrg
prvw needs some cash while lhxu does not, so prvw is not less desperate than lhxu
zspdabsvq needs some cash while zsabakznf does not, so zspdabsvq is not less desperate than zsabakznf
ibcyfrz needs some cash while dmyuu does not, so ibcyfrz is not less desperate than dmyuu
xkfqn needs some cash while xyljyh does not, so xkfqn is not less desperate than xyljyh
cnht needs some cash while tchmsyq does not, so cnht is not less desperate than tchmsyq
eusfqli needs some cash while cbqacekhpnzj does not, so cbqacekhpnzj is not more desperate than eusfqli
sdglth needs some cash while hjyx does not, so hjyx is not more desperate than sdglth
cvkaoiqxum needs some cash while bcs does not, so bcs is not more desperate than cvkaoiqxum
jvx needs some cash while irdtaqafeeu does not, so irdtaqafeeu is not more desperate than jvx
yzoehdvxcmpy needs some cash while qvlcwoxhoy does not, so qvlcwoxhoy is not more desperate than yzoehdvxcmpy
dmecxbkus tells the students while vxybsjrpkv does not, so dmecxbkus is more intelligent than vxybsjrpkv
mnclrdcclo tells the students while phdqykwgjt does not, so mnclrdcclo is more intelligent than phdqykwgjt
fybili tells the students while qvcirpeeky does not, so fybili is more intelligent than qvcirpeeky
ryyzqkicphu tells the students while azrt does not, so ryyzqkicphu is more intelligent than azrt
inczue tells the students while ahplk does not, so inczue is more intelligent than ahplk
nyuasfjbvvou tells the students while dhmpc does not, so dhmpc is less intelligent than nyuasfjbvvou
yhayfuip tells the students while xco does not, so xco is less intelligent than yhayfuip
ulwszlglmeqk tells the students while sycqoyoogm does not, so sycqoyoogm is less intelligent than ulwszlglmeqk
qiveyyjhh tells the students while vnoqui does not, so vnoqui is less intelligent than qiveyyjhh
yjzioxlozt tells the students while fzbzooraqer does not, so fzbzooraqer is less intelligent than yjzioxlozt
ovgdobqg tells the students while pkkifb does not, so ovgdobqg is not less intelligent than pkkifb
jgwaqbbyopm tells the students while byzrhqz does not, so jgwaqbbyopm is not less intelligent than byzrhqz
rhqxymuego tells the students while jhrypwfnx does not, so rhqxymuego is not less intelligent than jhrypwfnx
mulo tells the students while mxmbpaca does not, so mulo is not less intelligent than mxmbpaca
gmsxfhknz tells the students while fxzt does not, so gmsxfhknz is not less intelligent than fxzt
psmqd tells the students while gtwrpsohfoeo does not, so gtwrpsohfoeo is not more intelligent than psmqd
tabidplchf tells the students while jbqxkkx does not, so jbqxkkx is not more intelligent than tabidplchf
cssg tells the students while wuxnadeio does not, so wuxnadeio is not more intelligent than cssg
uctlxrqrmxq tells the students while zlxtstwiq does not, so zlxtstwiq is not more intelligent than uctlxrqrmxq
jon tells the students while kaptea does not, so kaptea is not more intelligent than jon
lndscpot follows another person course while jjqgs does not, so lndscpot is more responsible than jjqgs
vsgyn follows another person course while eptnjqg does not, so vsgyn is more responsible than eptnjqg
pmocdg follows another person course while czzwmp does not, so pmocdg is more responsible than czzwmp
xtzotcwkrh follows another person course while bsmwurl does not, so xtzotcwkrh is more responsible than bsmwurl
coee follows another person course while kai does not, so coee is more responsible than kai
yuav follows another person course while qmmvbiywbnyx does not, so qmmvbiywbnyx is less responsible than yuav
tmflzbggjcbk follows another person course while uudxk does not, so uudxk is less responsible than tmflzbggjcbk
lagdxwmd follows another person course while uehgjqvsmrlt does not, so uehgjqvsmrlt is less responsible than lagdxwmd
gebme follows another person course while tthhqz does not, so tthhqz is less responsible than gebme
rxzlbocpr follows another person course while avpngirxvr does not, so avpngirxvr is less responsible than rxzlbocpr
hco follows another person course while qnzr does not, so hco is not less responsible than qnzr
yeowycatdpt follows another person course while lnaewi does not, so yeowycatdpt is not less responsible than lnaewi
czrscmxng follows another person course while dqstsgasn does not, so czrscmxng is not less responsible than dqstsgasn
sbdflar follows another person course while hyhvbja does not, so sbdflar is not less responsible than hyhvbja
dola follows another person course while olbyc does not, so dola is not less responsible than olbyc
rqjdlixdnhib follows another person course while ghzzqkdgdsz does not, so ghzzqkdgdsz is not more responsible than rqjdlixdnhib
kogldhqq follows another person course while fabugpies does not, so fabugpies is not more responsible than kogldhqq
pszfakowvrnn follows another person course while upqiwh does not, so upqiwh is not more responsible than pszfakowvrnn
hsepkv follows another person course while ezxqpjkmwm does not, so ezxqpjkmwm is not more responsible than hsepkv
cgtidlzbx follows another person course while xdxgwrabqlu does not, so xdxgwrabqlu is not more responsible than cgtidlzbx
daow checks another person's temperature while uywkycwj does not, so daow is more loving than uywkycwj
zboghli checks another person's temperature while rmt does not, so zboghli is more loving than rmt
dctxv checks another person's temperature while gvclgh does not, so dctxv is more loving than gvclgh
psywon checks another person's temperature while svtcaftrx does not, so psywon is more loving than svtcaftrx
yujerswyyb checks another person's temperature while pdpjmivvh does not, so yujerswyyb is more loving than pdpjmivvh
eehnm checks another person's temperature while wfdkeceur does not, so wfdkeceur is less loving than eehnm
jszwhyymt checks another person's temperature while mtnk does not, so mtnk is less loving than jszwhyymt
hzbmvsmxu checks another person's temperature while rmzjnnatlou does not, so rmzjnnatlou is less loving than hzbmvsmxu
tliljbhwmcjl checks another person's temperature while lauteugguxzz does not, so lauteugguxzz is less loving than tliljbhwmcjl
puvpn checks another person's temperature while wij does not, so wij is less loving than puvpn
gqccnqqfh checks another person's temperature while gdqwlituu does not, so gqccnqqfh is not less loving than gdqwlituu
ssw checks another person's temperature while gjmyykmwfssw does not, so ssw is not less loving than gjmyykmwfssw
ydvtri checks another person's temperature while zzq does not, so ydvtri is not less loving than zzq
rndkr checks another person's temperature while kcmduyk does not, so rndkr is not less loving than kcmduyk
hxqdkkianicp checks another person's temperature while qoxsqoxx does not, so hxqdkkianicp is not less loving than qoxsqoxx
qvjpxrmuw checks another person's temperature while zwzhmmrosj does not, so zwzhmmrosj is not more loving than qvjpxrmuw
vxodtauz checks another person's temperature while vboxkef does not, so vboxkef is not more loving than vxodtauz
tovdf checks another person's temperature while rukxq does not, so rukxq is not more loving than tovdf
omwnvle checks another person's temperature while fnetikyfcmss does not, so fnetikyfcmss is not more loving than omwnvle
asubjifxsjhe checks another person's temperature while ormnueb does not, so ormnueb is not more loving than asubjifxsjhe
oudd gets food while byzw does not, so oudd is more able than byzw
igfgfavbhnhh gets food while bvggs does not, so igfgfavbhnhh is more able than bvggs
zthaoxv gets food while qlverbvdt does not, so zthaoxv is more able than qlverbvdt
bvqzmcftmh gets food while yeddp does not, so bvqzmcftmh is more able than yeddp
sjvweni gets food while dlxrzcgn does not, so sjvweni is more able than dlxrzcgn
hfutxihfvoj gets food while itqy does not, so itqy is less able to get food than hfutxihfvoj
gjn gets food while sjcgkjy does not, so sjcgkjy is less able to get food than gjn
ppgiv gets food while mxxxult does not, so mxxxult is less able to get food than ppgiv
wlkt gets food while hqifmgvz does not, so hqifmgvz is less able to get food than wlkt
org gets food while lpgtprvz does not, so lpgtprvz is less able to get food than org
ocbmjufbp gets food while nnluco does not, so ocbmjufbp is not more able than nnluco
ebfdog gets food while bpcrvgp does not, so ebfdog is not more able than bpcrvgp
zfbkmoj gets food while kpdne does not, so zfbkmoj is not more able than kpdne
vifvfupg gets food while hduptowkgvvk does not, so vifvfupg is not more able than hduptowkgvvk
bxzv gets food while wjyuvt does not, so bxzv is not more able than wjyuvt
kkgwzlpaitl gets food while eedxadac does not, so eedxadac is not more able than kkgwzlpaitl
gssklkfuzpao gets food while lwg does not, so lwg is not more able than gssklkfuzpao
iymbyoaegpfk gets food while kbwgziruv does not, so kbwgziruv is not more able than iymbyoaegpfk
htm gets food while weeatwrbevjp does not, so weeatwrbevjp is not more able than htm
xfij gets food while snhzcejewwo does not, so snhzcejewwo is not more able than xfij
dxibaol blesses another person soul while aye does not, so dxibaol is more religious than aye
nmj blesses another person soul while wcarngnsbvec does not, so nmj is more religious than wcarngnsbvec
qhbmvtz blesses another person soul while gxgxcvmfziq does not, so qhbmvtz is more religious than gxgxcvmfziq
bekzx blesses another person soul while vmn does not, so bekzx is more religious than vmn
bkqqxysvcg blesses another person soul while twieyxffez does not, so bkqqxysvcg is more religious than twieyxffez
pljxdgbj blesses another person soul while aascvudeb does not, so aascvudeb is less religious than pljxdgbj
ebdd blesses another person soul while lslms does not, so lslms is less religious than ebdd
vsnbfu blesses another person soul while jznyz does not, so jznyz is less religious than vsnbfu
tnylbq blesses another person soul while sziopfko does not, so sziopfko is less religious than tnylbq
pzfnblxdifcf blesses another person soul while iskr does not, so iskr is less religious than pzfnblxdifcf
xwkeefnnxc blesses another person soul while hal does not, so xwkeefnnxc is not less religious than hal
jgiio blesses another person soul while acl does not, so jgiio is not less religious than acl
bwyqehufjhkn blesses another person soul while bvyzvfebly does not, so bwyqehufjhkn is not less religious than bvyzvfebly
kgxb blesses another person soul while uskgdk does not, so kgxb is not less religious than uskgdk
omsqawylkv blesses another person soul while iasxx does not, so omsqawylkv is not less religious than iasxx
kdcjonrnqx blesses another person soul while wagrd does not, so wagrd is not more religious than kdcjonrnqx
inuodbkkc blesses another person soul while ndigrvtdnx does not, so ndigrvtdnx is not more religious than inuodbkkc
hcqa blesses another person soul while acutstab does not, so acutstab is not more religious than hcqa
iqh blesses another person soul while cvyysunfxthc does not, so cvyysunfxthc is not more religious than iqh
pss blesses another person soul while ulvz does not, so ulvz is not more religious than pss
dotplvptrqd runs away with another person while nxjfo does not, so dotplvptrqd is less emotional than nxjfo
shtgbuufwss runs away with another person while nxleqqfrnhjc does not, so shtgbuufwss is less emotional than nxleqqfrnhjc
orcr runs away with another person while ppm does not, so orcr is less emotional than ppm
ipqfdttayudc runs away with another person while qfanueevamk does not, so ipqfdttayudc is less emotional than qfanueevamk
xgwf runs away with another person while weifyizlavl does not, so xgwf is less emotional than weifyizlavl
jbhogylhno runs away with another person while kxzbjhlnz does not, so kxzbjhlnz is less emotional than jbhogylhno
wkj runs away with another person while osnap does not, so osnap is less emotional than wkj
xxtgjjnjekab runs away with another person while wdepcshpmiqw does not, so wdepcshpmiqw is less emotional than xxtgjjnjekab
ajvulpieyzf runs away with another person while xzsnc does not, so xzsnc is less emotional than ajvulpieyzf
orpnb runs away with another person while zwpglgm does not, so zwpglgm is less emotional than orpnb
lfmllexdec runs away with another person while qgrdzbls does not, so lfmllexdec is not less emotional than qgrdzbls
sbwys runs away with another person while dkrrcd does not, so sbwys is not less emotional than dkrrcd
yseicnzzpa runs away with another person while cscacpcl does not, so yseicnzzpa is not less emotional than cscacpcl
lwhq runs away with another person while octwvpiiqu does not, so lwhq is not less emotional than octwvpiiqu
yzwhsx runs away with another person while hygikl does not, so yzwhsx is not less emotional than hygikl
nhlmvblrz runs away with another person while wfptjmi does not, so wfptjmi is not more emotional than nhlmvblrz
lytisa runs away with another person while asyellebvvhx does not, so asyellebvvhx is not more emotional than lytisa
xbqept runs away with another person while mnwqghhezm does not, so mnwqghhezm is not more emotional than xbqept
omqdebzlskh runs away with another person while fowzncg does not, so fowzncg is not more emotional than omqdebzlskh
ptqaiiibirbs runs away with another person while rmxqhbf does not, so rmxqhbf is not more emotional than ptqaiiibirbs
llotgy plays another person's music while xsoadgkebllr does not, so llotgy is a more entertainer than xsoadgkebllr
jaki plays another person's music while zrcixi does not, so jaki is a more entertainer than zrcixi
lffhkjz plays another person's music while phfym does not, so lffhkjz is a more entertainer than phfym
mmwxfpfftxcs plays another person's music while mhdwrtjj does not, so mmwxfpfftxcs is a more entertainer than mhdwrtjj
thmk plays another person's music while soil does not, so thmk is a more entertainer than soil
dfbzc plays another person's music while irafniakxrx does not, so irafniakxrx is a less entertainer than dfbzc
ojobfzhoo plays another person's music while rwbuqi does not, so rwbuqi is a less entertainer than ojobfzhoo
rbmmgvywmfp plays another person's music while rfrocswtperz does not, so rfrocswtperz is a less entertainer than rbmmgvywmfp
lxgjjbeyynha plays another person's music while odfx does not, so odfx is a less entertainer than lxgjjbeyynha
ctsgaqer plays another person's music while aopaos does not, so aopaos is a less entertainer than ctsgaqer
dhtwn plays another person's music while epvwdzmnxig does not, so dhtwn is not less entertainer than epvwdzmnxig
csazzidppw plays another person's music while sohwcou does not, so csazzidppw is not less entertainer than sohwcou
awjnikcjpriw plays another person's music while cjqhpry does not, so awjnikcjpriw is not less entertainer than cjqhpry
euduztj plays another person's music while qwuxdvvwvuz does not, so euduztj is not less entertainer than qwuxdvvwvuz
ewetian plays another person's music while cnj does not, so ewetian is not less entertainer than cnj
qojacdrmdvxh plays another person's music while esh does not, so esh is not less entertainer than qojacdrmdvxh
jozcgiv plays another person's music while xufrnccfus does not, so xufrnccfus is not less entertainer than jozcgiv
sqcrggakyrh plays another person's music while guvk does not, so guvk is not less entertainer than sqcrggakyrh
fjaweck plays another person's music while gbv does not, so gbv is not less entertainer than fjaweck
hzgf plays another person's music while kdrxgcqwohzr does not, so kdrxgcqwohzr is not less entertainer than hzgf
wdbgfphif jumps away while qnjnn does not, so wdbgfphif is more startled than qnjnn
cxfyi jumps away while uctqljrbg does not, so cxfyi is more startled than uctqljrbg
xoybcdij jumps away while xbdne does not, so xoybcdij is more startled than xbdne
fkzxhaji jumps away while becqismx does not, so fkzxhaji is more startled than becqismx
oufraszas jumps away while aah does not, so oufraszas is more startled than aah
txdhpsjwl jumps away while ptscmusa does not, so ptscmusa is less startled than txdhpsjwl
hphiljkaz jumps away while kmwzbfg does not, so kmwzbfg is less startled than hphiljkaz
ysaayfxlioqj jumps away while ymkgl does not, so ymkgl is less startled than ysaayfxlioqj
wninij jumps away while gvbuqhupt does not, so gvbuqhupt is less startled than wninij
ahnwjojcdct jumps away while kykf does not, so kykf is less startled than ahnwjojcdct
ekohx jumps away while fahfbe does not, so ekohx is not less startled than fahfbe
xvehnlpm jumps away while skxizez does not, so xvehnlpm is not less startled than skxizez
thrani jumps away while imxe does not, so thrani is not less startled than imxe
kxjgl jumps away while xqvd does not, so kxjgl is not less startled than xqvd
rupzrwk jumps away while qgcxbqdvqijm does not, so rupzrwk is not less startled than qgcxbqdvqijm
efuam jumps away while gqptl does not, so gqptl is not more startled than efuam
cshawh jumps away while exzviywxepj does not, so exzviywxepj is not more startled than cshawh
xpzhxrhqvgfb jumps away while oog does not, so oog is not more startled than xpzhxrhqvgfb
yxriihdpnwk jumps away while loynpjjbin does not, so loynpjjbin is not more startled than yxriihdpnwk
ywxue jumps away while cefmyrrtfmsp does not, so cefmyrrtfmsp is not more startled than ywxue
bgztql treats another person with respect while qikrrepckfgv does not, so bgztql is more curteous than qikrrepckfgv
ctvmqhl treats another person with respect while lzujrcmxy does not, so ctvmqhl is more curteous than lzujrcmxy
wjespurfunne treats another person with respect while lnjtrzxkr does not, so wjespurfunne is more curteous than lnjtrzxkr
rgrxr treats another person with respect while dyjafeo does not, so rgrxr is more curteous than dyjafeo
qebulk treats another person with respect while yrlxxpozf does not, so qebulk is more curteous than yrlxxpozf
levsmr treats another person with respect while brfjxvq does not, so brfjxvq is less curteous than levsmr
ncpg treats another person with respect while kozjapp does not, so kozjapp is less curteous than ncpg
xgk treats another person with respect while hem does not, so hem is less curteous than xgk
ryaoztzzku treats another person with respect while mow does not, so mow is less curteous than ryaoztzzku
czpxmjnsew treats another person with respect while rzgbo does not, so rzgbo is less curteous than czpxmjnsew
xxdkqfxqqqe treats another person with respect while buu does not, so xxdkqfxqqqe is not less curteous than buu
oaxft treats another person with respect while zgusixoisixp does not, so oaxft is not less curteous than zgusixoisixp
ekask treats another person with respect while dbo does not, so ekask is not less curteous than dbo
xahkqxfuc treats another person with respect while pcbxe does not, so xahkqxfuc is not less curteous than pcbxe
ympzxwyxla treats another person with respect while lvss does not, so ympzxwyxla is not less curteous than lvss
bwc treats another person with respect more than ozwucp, so ozwucp is not more curteous than bwc
kgdpjtdt treats another person with respect more than enmpqb, so enmpqb is not more curteous than kgdpjtdt
afwys treats another person with respect more than ulpm, so ulpm is not more curteous than afwys
tofcczpsd treats another person with respect more than efsv, so efsv is not more curteous than tofcczpsd
culducz treats another person with respect more than fil, so fil is not more curteous than culducz
cubox becomes stronger while beaxlsrzn does not, so cubox is less determined than beaxlsrzn
toiecmir becomes stronger while nknnhuarpbhv does not, so toiecmir is less determined than nknnhuarpbhv
okdpadyg becomes stronger while nby does not, so okdpadyg is less determined than nby
xwjebnubppk becomes stronger while wnnwbvjaq does not, so xwjebnubppk is less determined than wnnwbvjaq
uhncd becomes stronger while ntezivsis does not, so uhncd is less determined than ntezivsis
vmmj becomes stronger while oekktew does not, so oekktew is less determined than vmmj
pfietmxmj becomes stronger while ylga does not, so ylga is less determined than pfietmxmj
cvzvnxaxctw becomes stronger while lqmhneftlk does not, so lqmhneftlk is less determined than cvzvnxaxctw
jisfjxuvrj becomes stronger while bag does not, so bag is less determined than jisfjxuvrj
cgdtrmveh becomes stronger while tvvfwgsfiyu does not, so tvvfwgsfiyu is less determined than cgdtrmveh
lbicvj becomes stronger while iqkmdi does not, so lbicvj is not less determined than iqkmdi
hpzf becomes stronger while ubagcv does not, so hpzf is not less determined than ubagcv
pory becomes stronger while tpop does not, so pory is not less determined than tpop
btqw becomes stronger while josewknbxkb does not, so btqw is not less determined than josewknbxkb
yzxty becomes stronger while ctxnvekdt does not, so yzxty is not less determined than ctxnvekdt
urbhor becomes stronger while zcqxtvjon does not, so zcqxtvjon is not more determined than urbhor
widhtfeshej becomes stronger while gliyo does not, so gliyo is not more determined than widhtfeshej
jtpnrfsap becomes stronger while ywx does not, so ywx is not more determined than jtpnrfsap
umcp becomes stronger while arihd does not, so arihd is not more determined than umcp
spzrxn becomes stronger while njvotmmgqovt does not, so njvotmmgqovt is not more determined than spzrxn
kclwulwubz apologizes profusely while vvcznnsecyep does not, so kclwulwubz is more remorseful than vvcznnsecyep
hyyjuboe apologizes profusely while hdamrmszno does not, so hyyjuboe is more remorseful than hdamrmszno
jlddacgsy apologizes profusely while dmrwvbjy does not, so jlddacgsy is more remorseful than dmrwvbjy
pevsfxshkf apologizes profusely while biyzeuqzxt does not, so pevsfxshkf is more remorseful than biyzeuqzxt
tegbbnq apologizes profusely while eku does not, so tegbbnq is more remorseful than eku
ays apologizes profusely while tgtcvt does not, so tgtcvt is less remorseful than ays
kmdxyeqoyt apologizes profusely while qpycosgxorio does not, so qpycosgxorio is less remorseful than kmdxyeqoyt
wfjxguh apologizes profusely while asage does not, so asage is less remorseful than wfjxguh
eyzkeszezbr apologizes profusely while mtfpyfq does not, so mtfpyfq is less remorseful than eyzkeszezbr
znqmt apologizes profusely while wqjgoadiqll does not, so wqjgoadiqll is less remorseful than znqmt
jwtsqkem apologizes profusely while ypgbiaivwvxl does not, so jwtsqkem is not less remorseful than ypgbiaivwvxl
lvwouz apologizes profusely while iuvqnqdkc does not, so lvwouz is not less remorseful than iuvqnqdkc
aprav apologizes profusely while qmxpn does not, so aprav is not less remorseful than qmxpn
npmmj apologizes profusely while onsjfatie does not, so npmmj is not less remorseful than onsjfatie
oxbwcgiaav apologizes profusely while wwrczbql does not, so oxbwcgiaav is not less remorseful than wwrczbql
asdeb apologizes profusely while yrso does not, so yrso is not more remorseful than asdeb
rcdyeenlclyh apologizes profusely while hvfhxsrzfbt does not, so hvfhxsrzfbt is not more remorseful than rcdyeenlclyh
qjolau apologizes profusely while udwiomelff does not, so udwiomelff is not more remorseful than qjolau
mwcvfdcugwvl apologizes profusely while vxirxuzbcu does not, so vxirxuzbcu is not more remorseful than mwcvfdcugwvl
bfhbz apologizes profusely while ezzotiw does not, so ezzotiw is not more remorseful than bfhbz
hfszqekk feels even worse than slfcogedu, so hfszqekk is more unhealthy than slfcogedu
hzxnuoq feels even worse than enzcgjcmzphw, so hzxnuoq is more unhealthy than enzcgjcmzphw
itn feels even worse than hgjmw, so itn is more unhealthy than hgjmw
sbeegqbbpeol feels even worse than aqkpo, so sbeegqbbpeol is more unhealthy than aqkpo
nkuhlfdnq feels even worse than ujspwpna, so nkuhlfdnq is more unhealthy than ujspwpna
kzjjog feels even worse than hey, so hey is less unhealthy than kzjjog
rdxw feels even worse than jmyncb, so jmyncb is less unhealthy than rdxw
uiofkxvo feels even worse than xgmb, so xgmb is less unhealthy than uiofkxvo
hwospsjbbkte feels even worse than vxlitv, so vxlitv is less unhealthy than hwospsjbbkte
xwwgqmnoc feels even worse than evhbmtvp, so evhbmtvp is less unhealthy than xwwgqmnoc
jbimparh feels even worse than lknx, so jbimparh is not less unhealthy than lknx
ssi feels even worse than wqznuljhiycc, so ssi is not less unhealthy than wqznuljhiycc
dcrpwhrb feels even worse than tgyvend, so dcrpwhrb is not less unhealthy than tgyvend
iwpqpkqeqeew feels even worse than ufko, so iwpqpkqeqeew is not less unhealthy than ufko
rfbde feels even worse than iftko, so rfbde is not less unhealthy than iftko
krcaaiwumntc feels even worse than nmtq, so nmtq is not more unhealthy than krcaaiwumntc
jjeye feels even worse than diuxgi, so diuxgi is not more unhealthy than jjeye
wxybkwkdwby feels even worse than zyv, so zyv is not more unhealthy than wxybkwkdwby
wzkghoirqss feels even worse than auvzqzaejl, so auvzqzaejl is not more unhealthy than wzkghoirqss
wbzy feels even worse than pqoj, so pqoj is not more unhealthy than wbzy
mpe apologizes profusely while gwtdb does not, so mpe is more repentant than gwtdb
weohczzop apologizes profusely while oegtqms does not, so weohczzop is more repentant than oegtqms
gsuexsk apologizes profusely while pvqigdnff does not, so gsuexsk is more repentant than pvqigdnff
facqsvjfnown apologizes profusely while amjissrrc does not, so facqsvjfnown is more repentant than amjissrrc
rvxilzjfqy apologizes profusely while wbeckyghm does not, so rvxilzjfqy is more repentant than wbeckyghm
mxxgsju apologizes profusely while llmq does not, so llmq is less repentant than mxxgsju
cdkioz apologizes profusely while nqourz does not, so nqourz is less repentant than cdkioz
zynvra apologizes profusely while psoizrtamnir does not, so psoizrtamnir is less repentant than zynvra
hgarlgdwfvc apologizes profusely while ucbpiqubsse does not, so ucbpiqubsse is less repentant than hgarlgdwfvc
esagy apologizes profusely while vqhmghpsr does not, so vqhmghpsr is less repentant than esagy
pfsdntctmf apologizes profusely while sjfwdtwznsj does not, so pfsdntctmf is not less repentant than sjfwdtwznsj
pkoz apologizes profusely while bclibcc does not, so pkoz is not less repentant than bclibcc
gbd apologizes profusely while gptsxcwddg does not, so gbd is not less repentant than gptsxcwddg
oxnqobnacss apologizes profusely while oexl does not, so oxnqobnacss is not less repentant than oexl
fiwetzgkclor apologizes profusely while zduuouiywupz does not, so fiwetzgkclor is not less repentant than zduuouiywupz
tmi apologizes profusely while wbtsrmxo does not, so wbtsrmxo is not more repentant than tmi
ila apologizes profusely while fcscqzwx does not, so fcscqzwx is not more repentant than ila
uvypvsrnidjs apologizes profusely while jwdl does not, so jwdl is not more repentant than uvypvsrnidjs
wgvhphnomm apologizes profusely while rkxgpp does not, so rkxgpp is not more repentant than wgvhphnomm
hcvp apologizes profusely while yefkarrny does not, so yefkarrny is not more repentant than hcvp
tcuv raises their children while rxnfqnshmvhv does not, so tcuv is more giving than rxnfqnshmvhv
nezl raises their children while blizrky does not, so nezl is more giving than blizrky
uundmipodt raises their children while puq does not, so uundmipodt is more giving than puq
lto raises their children while juycpcsy does not, so lto is more giving than juycpcsy
rnhdu raises their children while qsdwhp does not, so rnhdu is more giving than qsdwhp
xebhg raises their children while zflnzfrfau does not, so zflnzfrfau is less giving than xebhg
jpcpmepcyb raises their children while ueqza does not, so ueqza is less giving than jpcpmepcyb
oajqglquzum raises their children while lex does not, so lex is less giving than oajqglquzum
yrtgypidbc raises their children while shbxt does not, so shbxt is less giving than yrtgypidbc
ftnuolvkqirt raises their children while kslob does not, so kslob is less giving than ftnuolvkqirt
xsg raises their children while hqfulumy does not, so xsg is not less giving than hqfulumy
plturexb raises their children while mumbmseqpm does not, so plturexb is not less giving than mumbmseqpm
rze raises their children while clnmnq does not, so rze is not less giving than clnmnq
higbzpnccb raises their children while igdisvuok does not, so higbzpnccb is not less giving than igdisvuok
aqcfdpgvrh raises their children while sgldeisekoxs does not, so aqcfdpgvrh is not less giving than sgldeisekoxs
hvgheq raises their children while mzqks does not, so mzqks is not more giving than hvgheq
gnhvw raises their children while jgpfvd does not, so jgpfvd is not more giving than gnhvw
mmtu raises their children while meqvhuv does not, so meqvhuv is not more giving than mmtu
ugdpce raises their children while gvflo does not, so gvflo is not more giving than ugdpce
yoilqlqullxf raises their children while ogd does not, so ogd is not more giving than yoilqlqullxf
lbtuptkz really hit it off with jhdosvflx while jhdosvflx did not, so lbtuptkz is more fun than jhdosvflx
ujuitwbl really hit it off with idmp while idmp did not, so ujuitwbl is more fun than idmp
rxutnlxz really hit it off with wsrmhhuz while wsrmhhuz did not, so rxutnlxz is more fun than wsrmhhuz
hquyh really hit it off with aoiqjpghtbq while aoiqjpghtbq did not, so hquyh is more fun than aoiqjpghtbq
zgrljojv really hit it off with jqboylam while jqboylam did not, so zgrljojv is more fun than jqboylam
fpfynpxe really hit it off with owtwmum while owtwmum did not, so owtwmum is more fun than fpfynpxe
gcf really hit it off with sijxlfn while sijxlfn did not, so sijxlfn is more fun than gcf
jfxxzy really hit it off with fkavpss while fkavpss did not, so fkavpss is more fun than jfxxzy
hyjpbues really hit it off with gczlzse while gczlzse did not, so gczlzse is more fun than hyjpbues
yplvgox really hit it off with faebii while faebii did not, so faebii is more fun than yplvgox
padd and cywk hit it off while cywk did not, so padd is not less fun than cywk
hvvrawqpfeft and mbiyhdp hit it off while mbiyhdp did not, so hvvrawqpfeft is not less fun than mbiyhdp
vwqjghq and bwmqnofjknu hit it off while bwmqnofjknu did not, so vwqjghq is not less fun than bwmqnofjknu
kkal and ajq hit it off while ajq did not, so kkal is not less fun than ajq
nhbd and ufzn hit it off while ufzn did not, so nhbd is not less fun than ufzn
cgkjppqwxkfv has not really hit it off with olxzjsudlgqb, so olxzjsudlgqb is not more fun than cgkjppqwxkfv
dxamwtwcpbbd has not really hit it off with gzmgf, so gzmgf is not more fun than dxamwtwcpbbd
rfiucz has not really hit it off with fcjcoqahpzsn, so fcjcoqahpzsn is not more fun than rfiucz
qisuvjtnf has not really hit it off with vbbdgkmiigsh, so vbbdgkmiigsh is not more fun than qisuvjtnf
ivvuhyvseooo has not really hit it off with jmejkymegh, so jmejkymegh is not more fun than ivvuhyvseooo
ntrgatrea is really mad while gyqeqncbkiv is not, so ntrgatrea is more upset than gyqeqncbkiv
wyozzoehzlu is really mad while egortr is not, so wyozzoehzlu is more upset than egortr
uwmwi is really mad while jgcevwtg is not, so uwmwi is more upset than jgcevwtg
qmxykii is really mad while igdidlkc is not, so qmxykii is more upset than igdidlkc
nisvuvxfeda is really mad while dzhhwlro is not, so nisvuvxfeda is more upset than dzhhwlro
suqcp is really mad while ifltqizhf is not, so ifltqizhf is less upset than suqcp
zwgxtkj is really mad while cilnglvmajyg is not, so cilnglvmajyg is less upset than zwgxtkj
evrn is really mad while upostlzpq is not, so upostlzpq is less upset than evrn
dltcgvav is really mad while ebjbtgdga is not, so ebjbtgdga is less upset than dltcgvav
lsl is really mad while okyzuujjr is not, so okyzuujjr is less upset than lsl
hvuqhisgmcl is really mad while opwbemeylrig is not, so hvuqhisgmcl is not less upset than opwbemeylrig
rilgcqwtgeo is really mad while mkxllik is not, so rilgcqwtgeo is not less upset than mkxllik
qyscepsdhtf is really mad while aqnvb is not, so qyscepsdhtf is not less upset than aqnvb
hrrghlw is really mad while wyjjsf is not, so hrrghlw is not less upset than wyjjsf
oqfus is really mad while awrfwukjvjuq is not, so oqfus is not less upset than awrfwukjvjuq
vunwmtjlr is really mad while aezdjteoaa is not, so aezdjteoaa is not more upset than vunwmtjlr
xyt is really mad while ewmpzlgsaof is not, so ewmpzlgsaof is not more upset than xyt
ksumvhg is really mad while pueoduhbgxw is not, so pueoduhbgxw is not more upset than ksumvhg
pkmi is really mad while tthlxf is not, so tthlxf is not more upset than pkmi
nimgue is really mad while lmw is not, so lmw is not more upset than nimgue
avijuztuv gathers wood while sjosbpgmy does not, so avijuztuv is more practical than sjosbpgmy
fbsqvp gathers wood while mrod does not, so fbsqvp is more practical than mrod
qqveliylhkoc gathers wood while xaety does not, so qqveliylhkoc is more practical than xaety
ralszgynr gathers wood while kujthhknscd does not, so ralszgynr is more practical than kujthhknscd
rkbwqdehqhej gathers wood while edsmqdsyj does not, so rkbwqdehqhej is more practical than edsmqdsyj
odmagnq gathers wood while rbpynxo does not, so rbpynxo is less practical than odmagnq
vwwpcjfdtw gathers wood while exvbjdl does not, so exvbjdl is less practical than vwwpcjfdtw
fismetdylis gathers wood while xlgbsmqud does not, so xlgbsmqud is less practical than fismetdylis
avkib gathers wood while clgawynuyxut does not, so clgawynuyxut is less practical than avkib
yrs gathers wood while vvqhwmbqcm does not, so vvqhwmbqcm is less practical than yrs
spuz gathers wood while hwwcwneqxhm does not, so spuz is not less practical than hwwcwneqxhm
grfzymwh gathers wood while pkpyyeuty does not, so grfzymwh is not less practical than pkpyyeuty
saglqjak gathers wood while zicnnyjwaqa does not, so saglqjak is not less practical than zicnnyjwaqa
tvqfvtrxqtg gathers wood while tpfcppty does not, so tvqfvtrxqtg is not less practical than tpfcppty
zqhkkkzcufv gathers wood while pwbpnuncms does not, so zqhkkkzcufv is not less practical than pwbpnuncms
fjtdodtkjc gathers wood while ofdoc does not, so ofdoc is not more practical than fjtdodtkjc
sfsha gathers wood while ttipcbcm does not, so ttipcbcm is not more practical than sfsha
gclvwcn gathers wood while qnlfykrnism does not, so qnlfykrnism is not more practical than gclvwcn
pduisgdlq gathers wood while iwdfd does not, so iwdfd is not more practical than pduisgdlq
wmszz gathers wood while tmg does not, so tmg is not more practical than wmszz
aduvwfhqaui finds everything while cohoutyea does not, so aduvwfhqaui is more skilled than cohoutyea
nwcjf finds everything while axxaouk does not, so nwcjf is more skilled than axxaouk
tktamhrvezw finds everything while civwdhrwvse does not, so tktamhrvezw is more skilled than civwdhrwvse
ezx finds everything while roqmhayvgoje does not, so ezx is more skilled than roqmhayvgoje
oubwiqsf finds everything while zpvqflclv does not, so oubwiqsf is more skilled than zpvqflclv
jtwtnrt finds everything while djr does not, so djr is less skilled than jtwtnrt
vbvyfebdqopp finds everything while gtdkjgsvzqlp does not, so gtdkjgsvzqlp is less skilled than vbvyfebdqopp
mlvlrwk finds everything while piofob does not, so piofob is less skilled than mlvlrwk
tvdbq finds everything while ewsmz does not, so ewsmz is less skilled than tvdbq
omb finds everything while ctxd does not, so ctxd is less skilled than omb
duwztaezbn finds everything while uawryzjxjoms does not, so duwztaezbn is not less skilled than uawryzjxjoms
mowsarepub finds everything while chttymmoj does not, so mowsarepub is not less skilled than chttymmoj
kvanqflqpuwi finds everything while vrdqpnzhxr does not, so kvanqflqpuwi is not less skilled than vrdqpnzhxr
nsppzvwgg finds everything while mpfgnxcyiwz does not, so nsppzvwgg is not less skilled than mpfgnxcyiwz
ffcjnx finds everything while iyqqngzbdg does not, so ffcjnx is not less skilled than iyqqngzbdg
fhuhicgd finds everything while avufju does not, so avufju is not more skilled than fhuhicgd
ombqfyrg finds everything while ebl does not, so ebl is not more skilled than ombqfyrg
vcrrpru finds everything while ysi does not, so ysi is not more skilled than vcrrpru
qmcir finds everything while ormbs does not, so ormbs is not more skilled than qmcir
jdgn finds everything while lxzjnf does not, so lxzjnf is not more skilled than jdgn
niqe gets mail while yotwqvdhtih does not, so niqe is more skilled with their hands than yotwqvdhtih
qtal gets mail while ixbyco does not, so qtal is more skilled with their hands than ixbyco
ucvbyoq gets mail while rgxswnud does not, so ucvbyoq is more skilled with their hands than rgxswnud
hskzelhkpucj gets mail while pazgputvkzcy does not, so hskzelhkpucj is more skilled with their hands than pazgputvkzcy
wjkpixquom gets mail while dwezeeth does not, so wjkpixquom is more skilled with their hands than dwezeeth
jtsy gets mail while gwb does not, so gwb is less skilled with their hands than jtsy
vsmpj gets mail while puxlnzkf does not, so puxlnzkf is less skilled with their hands than vsmpj
ydbw gets mail while rfswiuoenriu does not, so rfswiuoenriu is less skilled with their hands than ydbw
dvjflz gets mail while fewbnofslap does not, so fewbnofslap is less skilled with their hands than dvjflz
xhc gets mail while pvmr does not, so pvmr is less skilled with their hands than xhc
xyg gets mail while wkhoiiqsbpz does not, so xyg is not less skilled with their hands than wkhoiiqsbpz
vvfpbzvqc gets mail while xhhxm does not, so vvfpbzvqc is not less skilled with their hands than xhhxm
zskomcvf gets mail while vsjams does not, so zskomcvf is not less skilled with their hands than vsjams
bzaswflc gets mail while nlimbvcwye does not, so bzaswflc is not less skilled with their hands than nlimbvcwye
bzmryxpu gets mail while dkrqoe does not, so bzmryxpu is not less skilled with their hands than dkrqoe
jbcyjz gets mail while hagrlka does not, so hagrlka is not more skilled with their hands than jbcyjz
vkylfixsgd gets mail while xlqwzg does not, so xlqwzg is not more skilled with their hands than vkylfixsgd
tdupajcrvd gets mail while yqw does not, so yqw is not more skilled with their hands than tdupajcrvd
etovixmt gets mail while mgbtluwegd does not, so mgbtluwegd is not more skilled with their hands than etovixmt
sneccnwljh gets mail while gtolgnbajceg does not, so gtolgnbajceg is not more skilled with their hands than sneccnwljh
lciqgeridbiz wraps another person's arms while xabet does not, so lciqgeridbiz is more swaddling than xabet
qnrnqzyjvpis wraps another person's arms while dacimuzuolie does not, so qnrnqzyjvpis is more swaddling than dacimuzuolie
lbnstxsflb wraps another person's arms while xoqkavdborta does not, so lbnstxsflb is more swaddling than xoqkavdborta
yqjtzordo wraps another person's arms while nchcxx does not, so yqjtzordo is more swaddling than nchcxx
lvxohjrhal wraps another person's arms while yituuwwj does not, so lvxohjrhal is more swaddling than yituuwwj
egst wraps another person's arms while gpd does not, so gpd is less swaddling than egst
iniavhm wraps another person's arms while ags does not, so ags is less swaddling than iniavhm
vvbbmjpj wraps another person's arms while pfeqkxsdmyyg does not, so pfeqkxsdmyyg is less swaddling than vvbbmjpj
azs wraps another person's arms while xvdvxdk does not, so xvdvxdk is less swaddling than azs
advdjy wraps another person's arms while cdfn does not, so cdfn is less swaddling than advdjy
dgqhmnl wraps another person's arms while mjeem does not, so dgqhmnl is not less swaddling than mjeem
midqcnrqlgjt wraps another person's arms while tadvsqmqf does not, so midqcnrqlgjt is not less swaddling than tadvsqmqf
wgpzi wraps another person's arms while lgm does not, so wgpzi is not less swaddling than lgm
dqxexqt wraps another person's arms while rona does not, so dqxexqt is not less swaddling than rona
kjaj wraps another person's arms while agyzqwtbykxe does not, so kjaj is not less swaddling than agyzqwtbykxe
vqlkaavljjio wraps another person's arms while qdg does not, so qdg is not more swaddling than vqlkaavljjio
cooy wraps another person's arms while hluru does not, so hluru is not more swaddling than cooy
yfudkee wraps another person's arms while qckbbkix does not, so qckbbkix is not more swaddling than yfudkee
pfhyd wraps another person's arms while iyr does not, so iyr is not more swaddling than pfhyd
hokup wraps another person's arms while pmgaet does not, so pmgaet is not more swaddling than hokup
ghgllbah walks in the woods while clcd does not, so ghgllbah is more thoughtful than clcd
lxurz walks in the woods while abo does not, so lxurz is more thoughtful than abo
ywvrk walks in the woods while osqpkeecz does not, so ywvrk is more thoughtful than osqpkeecz
cmnrtx walks in the woods while wrolk does not, so cmnrtx is more thoughtful than wrolk
opvitkrmv walks in the woods while puxykcsl does not, so opvitkrmv is more thoughtful than puxykcsl
xwnxh walks in the woods while grjlpqevknk does not, so grjlpqevknk is less thoughtful than xwnxh
jzniq walks in the woods while mdpfdbxm does not, so mdpfdbxm is less thoughtful than jzniq
axt walks in the woods while tyweo does not, so tyweo is less thoughtful than axt
hin walks in the woods while dwulyvlhbhcx does not, so dwulyvlhbhcx is less thoughtful than hin
vhx walks in the woods while khkuofyfh does not, so khkuofyfh is less thoughtful than vhx
rzseiubp walks in the woods while rycepaccu does not, so rzseiubp is not less thoughtful than rycepaccu
squmsrdihyhu walks in the woods while ojnctnc does not, so squmsrdihyhu is not less thoughtful than ojnctnc
cvqqmbiscmyw walks in the woods while vnnqwvcvar does not, so cvqqmbiscmyw is not less thoughtful than vnnqwvcvar
kiqqeqloc walks in the woods while mxi does not, so kiqqeqloc is not less thoughtful than mxi
vgwbqwwl walks in the woods while qwvhap does not, so vgwbqwwl is not less thoughtful than qwvhap
wcnzb walks in the woods while pkvkklz does not, so pkvkklz is not more thoughtful than wcnzb
kxlzjgwd walks in the woods while kntalifurzfi does not, so kntalifurzfi is not more thoughtful than kxlzjgwd
xerqvw walks in the woods while owso does not, so owso is not more thoughtful than xerqvw
xnpggflrpkr walks in the woods while ybsibabtg does not, so ybsibabtg is not more thoughtful than xnpggflrpkr
uexlwobquop walks in the woods while tvubroqvpg does not, so tvubroqvpg is not more thoughtful than uexlwobquop
ptfnnj rests upon another person while zmm does not, so ptfnnj is more selfish than zmm
kljpkdxh rests upon another person while puxj does not, so kljpkdxh is more selfish than puxj
isrd rests upon another person while yrmkkzjnchgg does not, so isrd is more selfish than yrmkkzjnchgg
igdlgf rests upon another person while jaxqwdqzpxp does not, so igdlgf is more selfish than jaxqwdqzpxp
eyseqoidlbmn rests upon another person while mmapab does not, so eyseqoidlbmn is more selfish than mmapab
bovpp rests upon another person while uwynglxff does not, so uwynglxff is less selfish than bovpp
akbrffxe rests upon another person while xpnihi does not, so xpnihi is less selfish than akbrffxe
eowsnhdkmq rests upon another person while wegbre does not, so wegbre is less selfish than eowsnhdkmq
cydk rests upon another person while vmjygk does not, so vmjygk is less selfish than cydk
sfavhtxx rests upon another person while ulmkxb does not, so ulmkxb is less selfish than sfavhtxx
ssgxggfz rests upon another person while xnfhimtl does not, so ssgxggfz is not less selfish than xnfhimtl
ucvnhvri rests upon another person while yag does not, so ucvnhvri is not less selfish than yag
zphz rests upon another person while wnu does not, so zphz is not less selfish than wnu
gpcxncwiwhq rests upon another person while lsctfakq does not, so gpcxncwiwhq is not less selfish than lsctfakq
yqrzzi rests upon another person while mdy does not, so yqrzzi is not less selfish than mdy
ihwellt rests upon another person while anapalrxkcui does not, so anapalrxkcui is not more selfish than ihwellt
mdssq rests upon another person while cbytidpoue does not, so cbytidpoue is not more selfish than mdssq
tevkb rests upon another person while rhfpq does not, so rhfpq is not more selfish than tevkb
qrcraenqfpk rests upon another person while kngyk does not, so kngyk is not more selfish than qrcraenqfpk
vhrouncd rests upon another person while tfo does not, so tfo is not more selfish than vhrouncd
hyvsi wins a contest while mvkfqkkna does not, so hyvsi is more lucky than mvkfqkkna
bhskatpxsxk wins a contest while elovgffsomn does not, so bhskatpxsxk is more lucky than elovgffsomn
fmlfhmm wins a contest while murufpagg does not, so fmlfhmm is more lucky than murufpagg
bytihyelndp wins a contest while nxutnjjglc does not, so bytihyelndp is more lucky than nxutnjjglc
xrqxdirwiqti wins a contest while felb does not, so xrqxdirwiqti is more lucky than felb
dersfegd wins a contest while qsjzfyy does not, so qsjzfyy is less lucky than dersfegd
ohbbxnqpqcdn wins a contest while pghovioz does not, so pghovioz is less lucky than ohbbxnqpqcdn
wnpaotpupx wins a contest while vziso does not, so vziso is less lucky than wnpaotpupx
bcjezinb wins a contest while nlgiszkfg does not, so nlgiszkfg is less lucky than bcjezinb
svpwkb wins a contest while cvlfzcohe does not, so cvlfzcohe is less lucky than svpwkb
nlza wins a contest while qfquaq does not, so nlza is not less lucky than qfquaq
pjpzu wins a contest while qviqmjxpzg does not, so pjpzu is not less lucky than qviqmjxpzg
qmkztvwtlqvy wins a contest while nkrygbutncdv does not, so qmkztvwtlqvy is not less lucky than nkrygbutncdv
aemjajrgb wins a contest while arr does not, so aemjajrgb is not less lucky than arr
kxasthzljkq wins a contest while npqeatjnr does not, so kxasthzljkq is not less lucky than npqeatjnr
zdmytqhvwhg wins a contest while xrzybfig does not, so xrzybfig is not more lucky than zdmytqhvwhg
wxptcemscqxr wins a contest while rqxejnixn does not, so rqxejnixn is not more lucky than wxptcemscqxr
nklrvqn wins a contest while lztjugoic does not, so lztjugoic is not more lucky than nklrvqn
ckkrwpyqce wins a contest while svjvdrvwnfj does not, so svjvdrvwnfj is not more lucky than ckkrwpyqce
vxyqme wins a contest while bnvk does not, so bnvk is not more lucky than vxyqme
obtaboebsxu shaves their beard while mfc does not, so obtaboebsxu is more responsible than mfc
vkmpgeladazx shaves their beard while jzdupp does not, so vkmpgeladazx is more responsible than jzdupp
alzjvrxlr shaves their beard while oocazhkpva does not, so alzjvrxlr is more responsible than oocazhkpva
owodhzzjr shaves their beard while eak does not, so owodhzzjr is more responsible than eak
csszq shaves their beard while ctikpyzimwh does not, so csszq is more responsible than ctikpyzimwh
eukbtqwqb shaves their beard while mrupuqitb does not, so mrupuqitb is less responsible than eukbtqwqb
zrvghgeory shaves their beard while qmuxkdqqjcf does not, so qmuxkdqqjcf is less responsible than zrvghgeory
vhhgdvmiwgfz shaves their beard while avyulkragoz does not, so avyulkragoz is less responsible than vhhgdvmiwgfz
zhn shaves their beard while sfkcxatb does not, so sfkcxatb is less responsible than zhn
qhvxilgwdn shaves their beard while kjzrpy does not, so kjzrpy is less responsible than qhvxilgwdn
izxha shaves their beard while pzhrummhvubg does not, so izxha is not less responsible than pzhrummhvubg
jhliyav shaves their beard while owyu does not, so jhliyav is not less responsible than owyu
vavndsauj shaves their beard while nyjlwglezzwt does not, so vavndsauj is not less responsible than nyjlwglezzwt
plcnnco shaves their beard while igagnpajhtzn does not, so plcnnco is not less responsible than igagnpajhtzn
alubadig shaves their beard while qwxchr does not, so alubadig is not less responsible than qwxchr
mmnlrda shaves their beard while gtqnvwcakr does not, so gtqnvwcakr is not more responsible than mmnlrda
lkeefjbw shaves their beard while uixausyiv does not, so uixausyiv is not more responsible than lkeefjbw
enlyw shaves their beard while anvxehqsm does not, so anvxehqsm is not more responsible than enlyw
czdr shaves their beard while dcmdfreoln does not, so dcmdfreoln is not more responsible than czdr
xieistf shaves their beard while ccjfcamdc does not, so ccjfcamdc is not more responsible than xieistf
jqp sits in another person's chair while xykmk does not, so jqp is more pushy than xykmk
hnusjlzbfn sits in another person's chair while gabeylkoax does not, so hnusjlzbfn is more pushy than gabeylkoax
vsfyn sits in another person's chair while peqpexzm does not, so vsfyn is more pushy than peqpexzm
rvtriqxhrfny sits in another person's chair while frklvcekzowh does not, so rvtriqxhrfny is more pushy than frklvcekzowh
gfmuaip sits in another person's chair while uad does not, so gfmuaip is more pushy than uad
cvfqmajqr sits in another person's chair while djwc does not, so djwc is less pushy than cvfqmajqr
hwlwcbqjq sits in another person's chair while bkjgatmzoi does not, so bkjgatmzoi is less pushy than hwlwcbqjq
iouewgd sits in another person's chair while hnkd does not, so hnkd is less pushy than iouewgd
pmn sits in another person's chair while sri does not, so sri is less pushy than pmn
tnkuu sits in another person's chair while qpt does not, so qpt is less pushy than tnkuu
ktvo sits in another person's chair more than xqaqltnueuvp, so ktvo is not less pushy than xqaqltnueuvp
dtxtwix sits in another person's chair more than xbj, so dtxtwix is not less pushy than xbj
biktufjfn sits in another person's chair more than hpsdtbtdcmjl, so biktufjfn is not less pushy than hpsdtbtdcmjl
msnkhisx sits in another person's chair more than mvhtjooromd, so msnkhisx is not less pushy than mvhtjooromd
onuxejhi sits in another person's chair more than zjvrxd, so onuxejhi is not less pushy than zjvrxd
uvwy sits in another person's chair more than awp, so awp is not more pushy than uvwy
ecmsbzltsz sits in another person's chair more than dndjph, so dndjph is not more pushy than ecmsbzltsz
zajtota sits in another person's chair more than ucqwxkghbnve, so ucqwxkghbnve is not more pushy than zajtota
bylvacing sits in another person's chair more than ukfbjufgmwqf, so ukfbjufgmwqf is not more pushy than bylvacing
acrlgdk sits in another person's chair more than zogz, so zogz is not more pushy than acrlgdk
hsz commands another person army while tbgzkeys does not, so hsz is more strong than tbgzkeys
kiwopnllw commands another person army while acr does not, so kiwopnllw is more strong than acr
fbxwdnmxkrdl commands another person army while wxqnwn does not, so fbxwdnmxkrdl is more strong than wxqnwn
eae commands another person army while cbbzvgm does not, so eae is more strong than cbbzvgm
htleadji commands another person army while atlqh does not, so htleadji is more strong than atlqh
bskyfyn commands another person army while gneo does not, so gneo is less strong than bskyfyn
vjain commands another person army while osyvdgcp does not, so osyvdgcp is less strong than vjain
kdfqwwvhlgvj commands another person army while hpd does not, so hpd is less strong than kdfqwwvhlgvj
nmjfyef commands another person army while bihq does not, so bihq is less strong than nmjfyef
vxecyoo commands another person army while wulnfbadbj does not, so wulnfbadbj is less strong than vxecyoo
lodoxmzuf commands another person army while fazpuagq does not, so lodoxmzuf is not less strong than fazpuagq
zepinti commands another person army while ygitrzqai does not, so zepinti is not less strong than ygitrzqai
mdglg commands another person army while lkgojsbmiha does not, so mdglg is not less strong than lkgojsbmiha
dsxrbdwlxpp commands another person army while nuh does not, so dsxrbdwlxpp is not less strong than nuh
nsdjvbgzy commands another person army while hobme does not, so nsdjvbgzy is not less strong than hobme
quyzrfxegs commands another person army while envx does not, so envx is not more strong than quyzrfxegs
arrotv commands another person army while zehiky does not, so zehiky is not more strong than arrotv
gidmepijc commands another person army while hztsxc does not, so hztsxc is not more strong than gidmepijc
yczlqmgczeql commands another person army while thuycqhwqeb does not, so thuycqhwqeb is not more strong than yczlqmgczeql
xfmutctzh commands another person army while emoshbba does not, so emoshbba is not more strong than xfmutctzh
ejqbgeqfnni loves their husband while wzlpu does not, so ejqbgeqfnni is more affectionate than wzlpu
ckjjnvhfue loves their husband while ovwi does not, so ckjjnvhfue is more affectionate than ovwi
fnrzvvwdvvn loves their husband while dqahlrpp does not, so fnrzvvwdvvn is more affectionate than dqahlrpp
fop loves their husband while fqzjkbhq does not, so fop is more affectionate than fqzjkbhq
vcutopqg loves their husband while yfvumejh does not, so vcutopqg is more affectionate than yfvumejh
uvsft loves their husband while beqdyiv does not, so beqdyiv is less affectionate than uvsft
eancyzw loves their husband while iczd does not, so iczd is less affectionate than eancyzw
dbeoizssz loves their husband while oautbh does not, so oautbh is less affectionate than dbeoizssz
tiijjsjrp loves their husband while rxaaeb does not, so rxaaeb is less affectionate than tiijjsjrp
gjernvzfskry loves their husband while xpsxempmohrc does not, so xpsxempmohrc is less affectionate than gjernvzfskry
vkpeqdihjxh loves their husband while bgo does not, so vkpeqdihjxh is not less affectionate than bgo
etztvgp loves their husband while bvfeq does not, so etztvgp is not less affectionate than bvfeq
udbotxais loves their husband while kkousarrkra does not, so udbotxais is not less affectionate than kkousarrkra
vyl loves their husband while aylhvnuuhmvp does not, so vyl is not less affectionate than aylhvnuuhmvp
mmjmx loves their husband while jcuwjbibt does not, so mmjmx is not less affectionate than jcuwjbibt
ckm loves their husband while pern does not, so pern is not more affectionate than ckm
wxqmbv loves their husband while mcengtbesums does not, so mcengtbesums is not more affectionate than wxqmbv
zewnhtzta loves their husband while fcgkqg does not, so fcgkqg is not more affectionate than zewnhtzta
gnuo loves their husband while ozfxgw does not, so ozfxgw is not more affectionate than gnuo
elmaum loves their husband while uys does not, so uys is not more affectionate than elmaum
vule leaves aside the question while cnftvbehays does not, so vule is more uncommunicative than cnftvbehays
yjztuucxe leaves aside the question while tetnvjmpev does not, so yjztuucxe is more uncommunicative than tetnvjmpev
jerdvqz leaves aside the question while lrvrtfdbstv does not, so jerdvqz is more uncommunicative than lrvrtfdbstv
caeaxylzjwff leaves aside the question while uuqdwb does not, so caeaxylzjwff is more uncommunicative than uuqdwb
mitkqoept leaves aside the question while yvywo does not, so mitkqoept is more uncommunicative than yvywo
nvbjnxb leaves aside the question while zxgikzbihrpr does not, so zxgikzbihrpr is less uncommunicative than nvbjnxb
fxmhxwzq leaves aside the question while dzfp does not, so dzfp is less uncommunicative than fxmhxwzq
yao leaves aside the question while sqcnqctcsdg does not, so sqcnqctcsdg is less uncommunicative than yao
kdolhqi leaves aside the question while jpjobtlz does not, so jpjobtlz is less uncommunicative than kdolhqi
xekgyaeera leaves aside the question while jlircacschxi does not, so jlircacschxi is less uncommunicative than xekgyaeera
meyrajzxyf leaves aside the question while qmerdldyp does not, so meyrajzxyf is not less uncommunicative than qmerdldyp
rnvvhqsl leaves aside the question while vou does not, so rnvvhqsl is not less uncommunicative than vou
pykwlfmkbxx leaves aside the question while musfmvcviih does not, so pykwlfmkbxx is not less uncommunicative than musfmvcviih
zibbzabtcdqc leaves aside the question while srn does not, so zibbzabtcdqc is not less uncommunicative than srn
lkhxxgm leaves aside the question while wffvstjvbggf does not, so lkhxxgm is not less uncommunicative than wffvstjvbggf
vyxngcps leaves aside the question while svkagctbo does not, so svkagctbo is not more uncommunicative than vyxngcps
jdkbuzfmvm leaves aside the question while cybqhm does not, so cybqhm is not more uncommunicative than jdkbuzfmvm
wzotgvknr leaves aside the question while szvfzkvnpio does not, so szvfzkvnpio is not more uncommunicative than wzotgvknr
ixaiplvbjit leaves aside the question while pzwpnghgdw does not, so pzwpnghgdw is not more uncommunicative than ixaiplvbjit
cncht leaves aside the question while vcqlgwkp does not, so vcqlgwkp is not more uncommunicative than cncht
rlziezixoae works the next morning while bhb does not, so rlziezixoae is less responsible than bhb
ynhzpfvlddw works the next morning while ndtwubxdut does not, so ynhzpfvlddw is less responsible than ndtwubxdut
ydyyiwa works the next morning while macp does not, so ydyyiwa is less responsible than macp
rplrx works the next morning while kvpzned does not, so rplrx is less responsible than kvpzned
ajjbkdrvpib works the next morning while xaahnhzx does not, so ajjbkdrvpib is less responsible than xaahnhzx
vtikgehu works the next morning while wemccrbuuev does not, so wemccrbuuev is less responsible than vtikgehu
atlwwqprgjxm works the next morning while xhunwiasf does not, so xhunwiasf is less responsible than atlwwqprgjxm
rrgohlnxxbi works the next morning while zsdym does not, so zsdym is less responsible than rrgohlnxxbi
mkcmvksgntj works the next morning while rgwdnsp does not, so rgwdnsp is less responsible than mkcmvksgntj
nlrdiuirco works the next morning while qiwh does not, so qiwh is less responsible than nlrdiuirco
edcl works the next morning while ecbnjvqpj does not, so edcl is not less responsible than ecbnjvqpj
zkuvjwnalo works the next morning while febzn does not, so zkuvjwnalo is not less responsible than febzn
qpnfsu works the next morning while raewbaj does not, so qpnfsu is not less responsible than raewbaj
mqbmhregu works the next morning while ojhxnez does not, so mqbmhregu is not less responsible than ojhxnez
iztbffoaw works the next morning while utoyin does not, so iztbffoaw is not less responsible than utoyin
pubjd works the next morning while sucdfrdlg does not, so sucdfrdlg is not more responsible than pubjd
dccvkpiyip works the next morning while sthiqdve does not, so sthiqdve is not more responsible than dccvkpiyip
jetthhipfbkm works the next morning while zip does not, so zip is not more responsible than jetthhipfbkm
gcqsvomsia works the next morning while rjz does not, so rjz is not more responsible than gcqsvomsia
zguxnn works the next morning while uddjcax does not, so uddjcax is not more responsible than zguxnn
ociwoetsjpo wants to be a ballerina while sdpadwcnbcl does not, so ociwoetsjpo is more artistic than sdpadwcnbcl
wpu wants to be a ballerina while udbvkks does not, so wpu is more artistic than udbvkks
tsbwczkp wants to be a ballerina while kprdtvdikya does not, so tsbwczkp is more artistic than kprdtvdikya
lflrplaecqc wants to be a ballerina while ttyniqnuvdia does not, so lflrplaecqc is more artistic than ttyniqnuvdia
oyvnwuwosw wants to be a ballerina while hzupbaxxe does not, so oyvnwuwosw is more artistic than hzupbaxxe
qifrcklzgc wants to be a ballerina while pqiqxmavd does not, so pqiqxmavd is less artistic than qifrcklzgc
eyev wants to be a ballerina while sjqldcsug does not, so sjqldcsug is less artistic than eyev
jmfjursu wants to be a ballerina while bxgldmxiuvd does not, so bxgldmxiuvd is less artistic than jmfjursu
phdagovh wants to be a ballerina while nnqbaslso does not, so nnqbaslso is less artistic than phdagovh
vuaeo wants to be a ballerina while gjwrdemu does not, so gjwrdemu is less artistic than vuaeo
ibbyfvfrfyh wants to be a ballerina while xowaqsia does not, so ibbyfvfrfyh is not less artistic than xowaqsia
ixbd wants to be a ballerina while aczsniiwza does not, so ixbd is not less artistic than aczsniiwza
odugauzhq wants to be a ballerina while juhcfznxtuj does not, so odugauzhq is not less artistic than juhcfznxtuj
nyosfglxzl wants to be a ballerina while hsjb does not, so nyosfglxzl is not less artistic than hsjb
xtlnij wants to be a ballerina while gkvdsypynir does not, so xtlnij is not less artistic than gkvdsypynir
chxhciqulfu wants to be a ballerina while qpccfmtpcea does not, so qpccfmtpcea is not more artistic than chxhciqulfu
sjrlm wants to be a ballerina while vsijwnt does not, so vsijwnt is not more artistic than sjrlm
mgonffjkvcdr wants to be a ballerina while jwmxwoxsiwh does not, so jwmxwoxsiwh is not more artistic than mgonffjkvcdr
zahw wants to be a ballerina while uyfmkpb does not, so uyfmkpb is not more artistic than zahw
jylnesd wants to be a ballerina while mxt does not, so mxt is not more artistic than jylnesd
eazshdfrrn is driving down the road while hhgxyx is not, so eazshdfrrn is more responsible than hhgxyx
eddkkdpvqtdp is driving down the road while ohbldjuo is not, so eddkkdpvqtdp is more responsible than ohbldjuo
rrqmmpifcws is driving down the road while ugrcnovlpxtl is not, so rrqmmpifcws is more responsible than ugrcnovlpxtl
lvrhebezhvjf is driving down the road while mpgzuakom is not, so lvrhebezhvjf is more responsible than mpgzuakom
qoekdrnq is driving down the road while mqkqsy is not, so qoekdrnq is more responsible than mqkqsy
nbz is driving down the road while ktrxs is not, so ktrxs is less responsible than nbz
tvjn is driving down the road while jzgkp is not, so jzgkp is less responsible than tvjn
hntw is driving down the road while wkvabne is not, so wkvabne is less responsible than hntw
hxcytnn is driving down the road while ohgvct is not, so ohgvct is less responsible than hxcytnn
utiddhgt is driving down the road while ixmhhzzjdgh is not, so ixmhhzzjdgh is less responsible than utiddhgt
xjwozlzgqvjk is driving down the road while etrkbzwoucv is not, so xjwozlzgqvjk is not less responsible than etrkbzwoucv
zsfsrmwm is driving down the road while udomrbfp is not, so zsfsrmwm is not less responsible than udomrbfp
zsb is driving down the road while qzpyylmzdxqo is not, so zsb is not less responsible than qzpyylmzdxqo
reh is driving down the road while okqbnhemtgs is not, so reh is not less responsible than okqbnhemtgs
yeofgkc is driving down the road while xaogm is not, so yeofgkc is not less responsible than xaogm
izebafknd is driving down the road while lylgt is not, so lylgt is not more responsible than izebafknd
evsswzqqw is driving down the road while mwhqtc is not, so mwhqtc is not more responsible than evsswzqqw
pyrja is driving down the road while qadsejgpamq is not, so qadsejgpamq is not more responsible than pyrja
mlyazf is driving down the road while drku is not, so drku is not more responsible than mlyazf
xrr is driving down the road while tyryx is not, so tyryx is not more responsible than xrr
hewymju gnashes their teeth while npatmk does not, so hewymju is more scared than npatmk
axitsb gnashes their teeth while zlsengfdfcdu does not, so axitsb is more scared than zlsengfdfcdu
qakqyqt gnashes their teeth while xfskdpebj does not, so qakqyqt is more scared than xfskdpebj
nnwl gnashes their teeth while zjfsr does not, so nnwl is more scared than zjfsr
uht gnashes their teeth while ybnmsbuxl does not, so uht is more scared than ybnmsbuxl
oakadkqifhv gnashes their teeth while zoatdrbl does not, so zoatdrbl is less scared than oakadkqifhv
rmhkno gnashes their teeth while nsmcgydhkxzy does not, so nsmcgydhkxzy is less scared than rmhkno
oqqftzdnrm gnashes their teeth while hgcihlue does not, so hgcihlue is less scared than oqqftzdnrm
tfo gnashes their teeth while rlaf does not, so rlaf is less scared than tfo
lrtlkdhpkyq gnashes their teeth while jjprrkihgwj does not, so jjprrkihgwj is less scared than lrtlkdhpkyq
sqilqtkg gnashes their teeth while rwrg does not, so sqilqtkg is not less scared than rwrg
oqeqwqehemd gnashes their teeth while nmw does not, so oqeqwqehemd is not less scared than nmw
meaclkplwsm gnashes their teeth while vvj does not, so meaclkplwsm is not less scared than vvj
fzv gnashes their teeth while dhdfi does not, so fzv is not less scared than dhdfi
mbttfnqascn gnashes their teeth while latzipz does not, so mbttfnqascn is not less scared than latzipz
nrb gnashes their teeth while wffymskds does not, so wffymskds is not more scared than nrb
oyfkzr gnashes their teeth while xwo does not, so xwo is not more scared than oyfkzr
mttqxkvjxtv gnashes their teeth while hrzkwrotmzql does not, so hrzkwrotmzql is not more scared than mttqxkvjxtv
rzwq gnashes their teeth while fshudylxb does not, so fshudylxb is not more scared than rzwq
ulnsyjnjz gnashes their teeth while zubunovho does not, so zubunovho is not more scared than ulnsyjnjz
aupytdclt says bye to another person while lvynfpfu does not, so aupytdclt is more sad than lvynfpfu
nbdx says bye to another person while zitv does not, so nbdx is more sad than zitv
pfxmqeuqnbmi says bye to another person while qbboqilpn does not, so pfxmqeuqnbmi is more sad than qbboqilpn
wgrinbiuepzw says bye to another person while mmn does not, so wgrinbiuepzw is more sad than mmn
mfavxvilfjpi says bye to another person while xfl does not, so mfavxvilfjpi is more sad than xfl
sexntie says bye to another person while ivkud does not, so ivkud is less sad than sexntie
rsxmhr says bye to another person while ydlumciuwibr does not, so ydlumciuwibr is less sad than rsxmhr
fvmkgbgmphtt says bye to another person while yvbvlumps does not, so yvbvlumps is less sad than fvmkgbgmphtt
lxpfobor says bye to another person while wysmtes does not, so wysmtes is less sad than lxpfobor
jirkswdyq says bye to another person while xgvxjonim does not, so xgvxjonim is less sad than jirkswdyq
xony says bye to another person while qbpnmxowskib does not, so xony is not less sad than qbpnmxowskib
mkm says bye to another person while akst does not, so mkm is not less sad than akst
zxthhgk says bye to another person while yqeqtddb does not, so zxthhgk is not less sad than yqeqtddb
mccqzthtxkg says bye to another person while tlwtjurzcnf does not, so mccqzthtxkg is not less sad than tlwtjurzcnf
bwfuiexvb says bye to another person while jpswljfg does not, so bwfuiexvb is not less sad than jpswljfg
qlubvj says bye to another person while vgkzux does not, so vgkzux is not more sad than qlubvj
dhildldfko says bye to another person while allwgzymuuwt does not, so allwgzymuuwt is not more sad than dhildldfko
kjanf says bye to another person while xzthkwrhdfkx does not, so xzthkwrhdfkx is not more sad than kjanf
tqbfarqwn says bye to another person while ardvsteengo does not, so ardvsteengo is not more sad than tqbfarqwn
opasna says bye to another person while grp does not, so grp is not more sad than opasna
egchcujnyict gives another person lessons while ywm does not, so egchcujnyict is more smart than ywm
eafht gives another person lessons while ygispfblofz does not, so eafht is more smart than ygispfblofz
edqyoej gives another person lessons while ixapzry does not, so edqyoej is more smart than ixapzry
cclghj gives another person lessons while meqvfhnp does not, so cclghj is more smart than meqvfhnp
eeyyopztyi gives another person lessons while smr does not, so eeyyopztyi is more smart than smr
irowykg gives another person lessons while ctfeyb does not, so ctfeyb is less smart than irowykg
xffaml gives another person lessons while sdijxpmb does not, so sdijxpmb is less smart than xffaml
ffbupg gives another person lessons while fkcp does not, so fkcp is less smart than ffbupg
nmsptyla gives another person lessons while ncnevhx does not, so ncnevhx is less smart than nmsptyla
yxo gives another person lessons while bgbdhp does not, so bgbdhp is less smart than yxo
skgradwwcao gives another person lessons while hveqrs does not, so skgradwwcao is not less smart than hveqrs
bwqjmcsqz gives another person lessons while rqxh does not, so bwqjmcsqz is not less smart than rqxh
ybyvm gives another person lessons while lgavaf does not, so ybyvm is not less smart than lgavaf
rfocbvbj gives another person lessons while ywycgvbsqsdx does not, so rfocbvbj is not less smart than ywycgvbsqsdx
ccbtdnygpk gives another person lessons while rgsidiuzyfvc does not, so ccbtdnygpk is not less smart than rgsidiuzyfvc
mrwkrhog gives another person lessons while zzzfesfd does not, so zzzfesfd is not more smart than mrwkrhog
vfewi gives another person lessons while yfcqa does not, so yfcqa is not more smart than vfewi
gnsthebaidn gives another person lessons while acuypoyny does not, so acuypoyny is not more smart than gnsthebaidn
zyaxugoeiq gives another person lessons while rpaystjqx does not, so rpaystjqx is not more smart than zyaxugoeiq
qvi gives another person lessons while qvqdzsfi does not, so qvqdzsfi is not more smart than qvi
nzauvkpl wins a medal while iqlkuqkyvbeh does not, so nzauvkpl is more competitive than iqlkuqkyvbeh
xizjb wins a medal while jfsriyjuepq does not, so xizjb is more competitive than jfsriyjuepq
ooqxpvpwpjcr wins a medal while evexe does not, so ooqxpvpwpjcr is more competitive than evexe
ykyqnbc wins a medal while anizwh does not, so ykyqnbc is more competitive than anizwh
tktihljbry wins a medal while jbiy does not, so tktihljbry is more competitive than jbiy
ivrssvylbi wins a medal while zpgnfclk does not, so zpgnfclk is less competitive than ivrssvylbi
acp wins a medal while kordfxgk does not, so kordfxgk is less competitive than acp
zobgfuuxo wins a medal while zgqqhh does not, so zgqqhh is less competitive than zobgfuuxo
iqi wins a medal while tgaqtbh does not, so tgaqtbh is less competitive than iqi
gisj wins a medal while skgdqxll does not, so skgdqxll is less competitive than gisj
fxwirmnuy wins a medal while vfbkj does not, so fxwirmnuy is not more competitive than vfbkj
xkygdm wins a medal while vqdmemmv does not, so xkygdm is not more competitive than vqdmemmv
qhyryg wins a medal while hyvkfpcwclbb does not, so qhyryg is not more competitive than hyvkfpcwclbb
zgbmfdlapu wins a medal while inautzfhw does not, so zgbmfdlapu is not more competitive than inautzfhw
jgj wins a medal while uzxkms does not, so jgj is not more competitive than uzxkms
hsreqejlrc wins a medal while corcufuac does not, so corcufuac is not more competitive than hsreqejlrc
mbxr wins a medal while qxg does not, so qxg is not more competitive than mbxr
ysobwovpo wins a medal while fllplysg does not, so fllplysg is not more competitive than ysobwovpo
ofcvv wins a medal while ppcqg does not, so ppcqg is not more competitive than ofcvv
oxcuoteo wins a medal while tengziide does not, so tengziide is not more competitive than oxcuoteo
qtosw says would send money while fklbze does not, so qtosw is more caring than fklbze
nwepexqgltx says would send money while yxmtrhteza does not, so nwepexqgltx is more caring than yxmtrhteza
ubjcmdnsiw says would send money while gjrsvzt does not, so ubjcmdnsiw is more caring than gjrsvzt
dpsfulryk says would send money while bupg does not, so dpsfulryk is more caring than bupg
zlu says would send money while txgothokiv does not, so zlu is more caring than txgothokiv
qalqlvvg says would send money while dpijsqfhfwgm does not, so dpijsqfhfwgm is less caring than qalqlvvg
lxjbnryljz says would send money while irr does not, so irr is less caring than lxjbnryljz
eiltsmoyiqcw says would send money while iepidcrccgp does not, so iepidcrccgp is less caring than eiltsmoyiqcw
czz says would send money while mdpcgaag does not, so mdpcgaag is less caring than czz
hsy says would send money while usubmsolfwo does not, so usubmsolfwo is less caring than hsy
bbk says would send mail while jmchu does not, so bbk is not less caring than jmchu
hmonmpfgjv says would send mail while ytks does not, so hmonmpfgjv is not less caring than ytks
yettyjk says would send mail while bgqarfjhd does not, so yettyjk is not less caring than bgqarfjhd
wahtohilldl says would send mail while zck does not, so wahtohilldl is not less caring than zck
ubkilwuepm says would send mail while hgdkklgxzus does not, so ubkilwuepm is not less caring than hgdkklgxzus
zaxvt says would send mail while ssadvkqv does not, so ssadvkqv is not more caring than zaxvt
spyxqelmwev says would send mail while nttzmyglc does not, so nttzmyglc is not more caring than spyxqelmwev
trlnjzlker says would send mail while sslm does not, so sslm is not more caring than trlnjzlker
ctbm says would send mail while uanmccbsb does not, so uanmccbsb is not more caring than ctbm
pnzzefi says would send mail while zwfzkgawy does not, so zwfzkgawy is not more caring than pnzzefi
adussgpgl learns spanish while voxaxwh does not, so adussgpgl is more curious than voxaxwh
ieyfrlroubi learns spanish while yclqguiz does not, so ieyfrlroubi is more curious than yclqguiz
yymzmxrxzvgg learns spanish while hlwebcb does not, so yymzmxrxzvgg is more curious than hlwebcb
lynp learns spanish while zaqsokylkho does not, so lynp is more curious than zaqsokylkho
eubxcsf learns spanish while qmy does not, so eubxcsf is more curious than qmy
eyegda learns spanish while snllecpqvoo does not, so snllecpqvoo is less curious than eyegda
jqfxnjo learns spanish while rand does not, so rand is less curious than jqfxnjo
oglj learns spanish while iyhtp does not, so iyhtp is less curious than oglj
dnumqzsinp learns spanish while psgphd does not, so psgphd is less curious than dnumqzsinp
ombbm learns spanish while hmcnkodct does not, so hmcnkodct is less curious than ombbm
suduixtrx learns spanish while fjreenpaozu does not, so suduixtrx is not less curious than fjreenpaozu
zalsuvnpbt learns spanish while wixrdq does not, so zalsuvnpbt is not less curious than wixrdq
cvwawhfs learns spanish while mxdwyktegdd does not, so cvwawhfs is not less curious than mxdwyktegdd
mxmdgyrxes learns spanish while qphedotya does not, so mxmdgyrxes is not less curious than qphedotya
khjsckj learns spanish while spfduilhjsg does not, so khjsckj is not less curious than spfduilhjsg
pmc learns spanish while worlsbbk does not, so worlsbbk is not more curious than pmc
jzeiezbvdn learns spanish while txzkqf does not, so txzkqf is not more curious than jzeiezbvdn
efrb learns spanish while vhtie does not, so vhtie is not more curious than efrb
qhyzao learns spanish while xpzjoisz does not, so xpzjoisz is not more curious than qhyzao
ifzktlxfmtg learns spanish while ahtlrqbri does not, so ahtlrqbri is not more curious than ifzktlxfmtg
zupaudyrfyic sets another person right while lfludy does not, so zupaudyrfyic is more motivated than lfludy
fnxgl sets another person right while ekfguvsrlwli does not, so fnxgl is more motivated than ekfguvsrlwli
fkk sets another person right while kqiyihnrj does not, so fkk is more motivated than kqiyihnrj
tdrbf sets another person right while doozfiimub does not, so tdrbf is more motivated than doozfiimub
zrbz sets another person right while urj does not, so zrbz is more motivated than urj
qqzuzx sets another person right while kiekkr does not, so kiekkr is less motivated than qqzuzx
poq sets another person right while engbibsfyf does not, so engbibsfyf is less motivated than poq
kdsi sets another person right while sxapaxfsw does not, so sxapaxfsw is less motivated than kdsi
jcmbkizokjq sets another person right while wlpstlaamnsh does not, so wlpstlaamnsh is less motivated than jcmbkizokjq
pyzctqcueemo sets another person right while ejkqsvejz does not, so ejkqsvejz is less motivated than pyzctqcueemo
fnynatsqzvuj sets another person right while itfp does not, so fnynatsqzvuj is not less motivated than itfp
wbpiibq sets another person right while mcome does not, so wbpiibq is not less motivated than mcome
uvlcnwt sets another person right while qwjtjpxpk does not, so uvlcnwt is not less motivated than qwjtjpxpk
maskj sets another person right while hqeacqfx does not, so maskj is not less motivated than hqeacqfx
fpowfmrbtxyg sets another person right while lsojohip does not, so fpowfmrbtxyg is not less motivated than lsojohip
ctot sets another person right while rwhwyqiem does not, so rwhwyqiem is not more motivated than ctot
pfgmvqftrxc sets another person right while bye does not, so bye is not more motivated than pfgmvqftrxc
ptjwwgoqosq sets another person right while dujouvjbes does not, so dujouvjbes is not more motivated than ptjwwgoqosq
jmztmtdow sets another person right while pxf does not, so pxf is not more motivated than jmztmtdow
hztnfoq sets another person right while alsqa does not, so alsqa is not more motivated than hztnfoq
bkamcdelc sees a man about a dog while hgh does not, so bkamcdelc is more engaged than hgh
zzsjfan sees a man about a dog while jdrg does not, so zzsjfan is more engaged than jdrg
bbqaibn sees a man about a dog while mzweie does not, so bbqaibn is more engaged than mzweie
bids sees a man about a dog while kccyea does not, so bids is more engaged than kccyea
qofdckvjrqre sees a man about a dog while abzrginzbt does not, so qofdckvjrqre is more engaged than abzrginzbt
ksivshtav sees a man about a dog while idgrvxktj does not, so idgrvxktj is less engaged than ksivshtav
mvdblm sees a man about a dog while ihfje does not, so ihfje is less engaged than mvdblm
jejksdn sees a man about a dog while lbzpc does not, so lbzpc is less engaged than jejksdn
ljveiaohxhao sees a man about a dog while bhkrwdr does not, so bhkrwdr is less engaged than ljveiaohxhao
ilj sees a man about a dog while xsddhkjssspq does not, so xsddhkjssspq is less engaged than ilj
wqszatxjy sees a man about a dog while hysn does not, so wqszatxjy is not less engaged than hysn
bld sees a man about a dog while jwoggywn does not, so bld is not less engaged than jwoggywn
xtvjliz sees a man about a dog while apgdwrpf does not, so xtvjliz is not less engaged than apgdwrpf
judgoyga sees a man about a dog while pvs does not, so judgoyga is not less engaged than pvs
fooixjoe sees a man about a dog while fpoivwmwf does not, so fooixjoe is not less engaged than fpoivwmwf
lbmjn sees a man about a dog while ofjnjykf does not, so ofjnjykf is not more engaged than lbmjn
eww sees a man about a dog while sfsmxlqbogo does not, so sfsmxlqbogo is not more engaged than eww
ffskyjy sees a man about a dog while jaslm does not, so jaslm is not more engaged than ffskyjy
djte sees a man about a dog while stxbpuw does not, so stxbpuw is not more engaged than djte
axshekr sees a man about a dog while hdjwwoshxywo does not, so hdjwwoshxywo is not more engaged than axshekr
slgnnbuty admires another person's work while mzj does not, so slgnnbuty is more admirier than mzj
gervub admires another person's work while fpfyiqnylluo does not, so gervub is more admirier than fpfyiqnylluo
zpywy admires another person's work while dhitlorrabj does not, so zpywy is more admirier than dhitlorrabj
jgep admires another person's work while zjmhilindtf does not, so jgep is more admirier than zjmhilindtf
zrylzcxrbwap admires another person's work while bkeeb does not, so zrylzcxrbwap is more admirier than bkeeb
oyarz admires another person's work while gsfjmhbnxy does not, so gsfjmhbnxy is less admirier than oyarz
qolgivmq admires another person's work while bhwfxzovgznp does not, so bhwfxzovgznp is less admirier than qolgivmq
mjsnhcy admires another person's work while olnljkao does not, so olnljkao is less admirier than mjsnhcy
qbuwcdf admires another person's work while gymdipafr does not, so gymdipafr is less admirier than qbuwcdf
mbuytjtjhr admires another person's work while vpaespwrhch does not, so vpaespwrhch is less admirier than mbuytjtjhr
hrdbmltvmyin admires another person's work while kieoycvbg does not, so hrdbmltvmyin is not more admirier than kieoycvbg
hqnxphpksz admires another person's work while bcrhcitgdwk does not, so hqnxphpksz is not more admirier than bcrhcitgdwk
pnzljril admires another person's work while gcooacgmwx does not, so pnzljril is not more admirier than gcooacgmwx
hcddqyny admires another person's work while iserbqu does not, so hcddqyny is not more admirier than iserbqu
uhrkq admires another person's work while chvzv does not, so uhrkq is not more admirier than chvzv
ssz admires another person's work more than tendaa, so tendaa is not more admirier than ssz
rto admires another person's work more than fmne, so fmne is not more admirier than rto
tgaaslswihs admires another person's work more than tkx, so tkx is not more admirier than tgaaslswihs
kodyrzmpmbub admires another person's work more than hpmfwm, so hpmfwm is not more admirier than kodyrzmpmbub
dwrmglmg admires another person's work more than nsoshudkc, so nsoshudkc is not more admirier than dwrmglmg
gvhtupffib realizes their mistake while gvgk does not, so gvhtupffib is less embarrassed than gvgk
vzhgumuaguiw realizes their mistake while cidpo does not, so vzhgumuaguiw is less embarrassed than cidpo
kytsuuesc realizes their mistake while vcohf does not, so kytsuuesc is less embarrassed than vcohf
yecol realizes their mistake while tjdadlzkpyb does not, so yecol is less embarrassed than tjdadlzkpyb
pfxw realizes their mistake while udgnt does not, so pfxw is less embarrassed than udgnt
aurqtzh realizes their mistake while ikcwbzha does not, so ikcwbzha is less embarrassed than aurqtzh
njqweww realizes their mistake while zmziwyziucu does not, so zmziwyziucu is less embarrassed than njqweww
nwfqauhbf realizes their mistake while phlowx does not, so phlowx is less embarrassed than nwfqauhbf
mjty realizes their mistake while ggfgx does not, so ggfgx is less embarrassed than mjty
lwiuvtwtkrqw realizes their mistake while pvr does not, so pvr is less embarrassed than lwiuvtwtkrqw
pqnokvanhc realizes their mistake while zuavdermj does not, so pqnokvanhc is not less embarrassed than zuavdermj
lzyeshrwb realizes their mistake while qtm does not, so lzyeshrwb is not less embarrassed than qtm
pwol realizes their mistake while yfwvl does not, so pwol is not less embarrassed than yfwvl
muatpvjy realizes their mistake while ptcly does not, so muatpvjy is not less embarrassed than ptcly
aiilnb realizes their mistake while zbdh does not, so aiilnb is not less embarrassed than zbdh
mtctdpls realizes their mistake while tug does not, so tug is not more embarrassed than mtctdpls
heituwfw realizes their mistake while dqnvtkgbz does not, so dqnvtkgbz is not more embarrassed than heituwfw
srbusen realizes their mistake while kedpwb does not, so kedpwb is not more embarrassed than srbusen
jjq realizes their mistake while xea does not, so xea is not more embarrassed than jjq
cohx realizes their mistake while jfwtsblo does not, so jfwtsblo is not more embarrassed than cohx
jevkf tells their sister while yofpksae does not, so jevkf is less talkative than yofpksae
kphrpblyn tells their sister while ttxyiptlpyc does not, so kphrpblyn is less talkative than ttxyiptlpyc
ogfo tells their sister while fahbmuk does not, so ogfo is less talkative than fahbmuk
cqauvmxrvj tells their sister while xoemdixnxp does not, so cqauvmxrvj is less talkative than xoemdixnxp
wfwelins tells their sister while agt does not, so wfwelins is less talkative than agt
mebjvu tells their sister while lgbj does not, so lgbj is less talkative than mebjvu
mewmxjxavhvb tells their sister while jhgavcunchn does not, so jhgavcunchn is less talkative than mewmxjxavhvb
hohdqfryqmbm tells their sister while ttcisrsczu does not, so ttcisrsczu is less talkative than hohdqfryqmbm
jflklx tells their sister while upgwnhdizl does not, so upgwnhdizl is less talkative than jflklx
gbwmenijo tells their sister while tfhmcenjfc does not, so tfhmcenjfc is less talkative than gbwmenijo
fgtjbeuzuvo tells their sister while mkapwudryb does not, so fgtjbeuzuvo is not less talkative than mkapwudryb
ltp tells their sister while ylfgbovt does not, so ltp is not less talkative than ylfgbovt
gvbrvs tells their sister while uycmpfczb does not, so gvbrvs is not less talkative than uycmpfczb
qcmhf tells their sister while lpzmjpsgwj does not, so qcmhf is not less talkative than lpzmjpsgwj
mxf tells their sister while qussklyssga does not, so mxf is not less talkative than qussklyssga
cotmwkqphr tells their sister while wlvkbkt does not, so wlvkbkt is not more talkative than cotmwkqphr
lymkd tells their sister while djuyskxsf does not, so djuyskxsf is not more talkative than lymkd
oijicli tells their sister while xjhpw does not, so xjhpw is not more talkative than oijicli
maemscze tells their sister while vfsithi does not, so vfsithi is not more talkative than maemscze
mjgezoirp tells their sister while xod does not, so xod is not more talkative than mjgezoirp
ktixyy starts dating while ygkmljjsqa does not, so ktixyy is more hopeful than ygkmljjsqa
vhqctnxtttbj starts dating while pnqvpwaup does not, so vhqctnxtttbj is more hopeful than pnqvpwaup
vys starts dating while tpdh does not, so vys is more hopeful than tpdh
ppnpzqhu starts dating while cskdqbw does not, so ppnpzqhu is more hopeful than cskdqbw
kudntf starts dating while osulghui does not, so kudntf is more hopeful than osulghui
vfrufboiqvc starts dating while whrqlpshbdtr does not, so whrqlpshbdtr is less hopeful than vfrufboiqvc
lhj starts dating while zgjh does not, so zgjh is less hopeful than lhj
lndg starts dating while ozrsa does not, so ozrsa is less hopeful than lndg
uycbkabbu starts dating while rshnk does not, so rshnk is less hopeful than uycbkabbu
gwzlcchgwmt starts dating while ldy does not, so ldy is less hopeful than gwzlcchgwmt
akykoaubc starts dating while qxxywa does not, so akykoaubc is not less hopeful than qxxywa
ioekxuxcffy starts dating while ifqoxxjzua does not, so ioekxuxcffy is not less hopeful than ifqoxxjzua
xkhfd starts dating while kbtgduk does not, so xkhfd is not less hopeful than kbtgduk
ukjjdacwpcuv starts dating while wxfaneqjfbq does not, so ukjjdacwpcuv is not less hopeful than wxfaneqjfbq
oghed starts dating while vposbhkabm does not, so oghed is not less hopeful than vposbhkabm
lgazeduusars starts dating while mnidosvddez does not, so mnidosvddez is not more hopeful than lgazeduusars
sylogpadv starts dating while ifewnxp does not, so ifewnxp is not more hopeful than sylogpadv
tiiunlwkj starts dating while zwzv does not, so zwzv is not more hopeful than tiiunlwkj
rrrqwpm starts dating while lyuh does not, so lyuh is not more hopeful than rrrqwpm
jcdqy starts dating while fukesttun does not, so fukesttun is not more hopeful than jcdqy
ejrlyxt tests the waters while zazcrdwzbfuf does not, so ejrlyxt is more apprehensive than zazcrdwzbfuf
riztzp tests the waters while jzfxv does not, so riztzp is more apprehensive than jzfxv
gdcczw tests the waters while iwrp does not, so gdcczw is more apprehensive than iwrp
dsrpeqyu tests the waters while ttgn does not, so dsrpeqyu is more apprehensive than ttgn
dqqcpwlvi tests the waters while etp does not, so dqqcpwlvi is more apprehensive than etp
ubvmkkbnhra tests the waters while dhnm does not, so dhnm is less apprehensive than ubvmkkbnhra
dnebqpf tests the waters while uaqlklw does not, so uaqlklw is less apprehensive than dnebqpf
idvnyeh tests the waters while ettlgvf does not, so ettlgvf is less apprehensive than idvnyeh
fbcxy tests the waters while wykqsb does not, so wykqsb is less apprehensive than fbcxy
fdt tests the waters while tmj does not, so tmj is less apprehensive than fdt
lcbiblmrmad tests the waters while tvlqmdqlshh does not, so lcbiblmrmad is not less apprehensive than tvlqmdqlshh
jyv tests the waters while ykalucviidat does not, so jyv is not less apprehensive than ykalucviidat
xker tests the waters while rrpkfyv does not, so xker is not less apprehensive than rrpkfyv
vatl tests the waters while jfrvswljq does not, so vatl is not less apprehensive than jfrvswljq
odlkipaa tests the waters while hrkfzsypcyd does not, so odlkipaa is not less apprehensive than hrkfzsypcyd
pdmsgr tests the waters while ycbpxrlwjch does not, so ycbpxrlwjch is not more apprehensive than pdmsgr
yhohgkstcibj tests the waters while mowf does not, so mowf is not more apprehensive than yhohgkstcibj
usdrsnny tests the waters while tbizbcn does not, so tbizbcn is not more apprehensive than usdrsnny
wbudxmwwxhqd tests the waters while cjddi does not, so cjddi is not more apprehensive than wbudxmwwxhqd
jfdguqgpnuy tests the waters while pzytqytwqh does not, so pzytqytwqh is not more apprehensive than jfdguqgpnuy
pcgvsdz lands a new job while kcfpowi does not, so pcgvsdz is more responsible than kcfpowi
pjnhwtpiel lands a new job while neoaois does not, so pjnhwtpiel is more responsible than neoaois
tqdfbjw lands a new job while xllpuvawvj does not, so tqdfbjw is more responsible than xllpuvawvj
eqk lands a new job while noudjldixeh does not, so eqk is more responsible than noudjldixeh
ywio lands a new job while bncvu does not, so ywio is more responsible than bncvu
lcuytvjivvn lands a new job while bjogpspgvqhr does not, so bjogpspgvqhr is less responsible than lcuytvjivvn
pdgiimiv lands a new job while mjoyr does not, so mjoyr is less responsible than pdgiimiv
qkvdaewoxyqe lands a new job while nqaa does not, so nqaa is less responsible than qkvdaewoxyqe
ajdfzjfnbscb lands a new job while tkgyoafgti does not, so tkgyoafgti is less responsible than ajdfzjfnbscb
tsltbt lands a new job while uwfyeew does not, so uwfyeew is less responsible than tsltbt
kskura lands a new job while qhfpvlgt does not, so kskura is not less responsible than qhfpvlgt
bbykmigpqtx lands a new job while qmhmyvs does not, so bbykmigpqtx is not less responsible than qmhmyvs
wraqljykpc lands a new job while lfmwzqis does not, so wraqljykpc is not less responsible than lfmwzqis
skuvd lands a new job while dhr does not, so skuvd is not less responsible than dhr
rwe lands a new job while avrn does not, so rwe is not less responsible than avrn
ovbj lands a new job while ganfmy does not, so ganfmy is not more responsible than ovbj
rnxdpjnlezjr lands a new job while nny does not, so nny is not more responsible than rnxdpjnlezjr
kfbxulrwx lands a new job while axqff does not, so axqff is not more responsible than kfbxulrwx
rqqhury lands a new job while rfbogdn does not, so rfbogdn is not more responsible than rqqhury
kmewfxmj lands a new job while dbcnjzjm does not, so dbcnjzjm is not more responsible than kmewfxmj
nrrefnd is driving their car while tncgebeqdj is not, so nrrefnd is more frenzied than tncgebeqdj
yqxaqcxckrh is driving their car while muxigwqafvbi is not, so yqxaqcxckrh is more frenzied than muxigwqafvbi
uwrka is driving their car while fbzp is not, so uwrka is more frenzied than fbzp
aedwqsx is driving their car while pxeoqvsjvm is not, so aedwqsx is more frenzied than pxeoqvsjvm
rrlffvzdrec is driving their car while shnmlohl is not, so rrlffvzdrec is more frenzied than shnmlohl
chtvfdlmdm is driving their car while pzdswv is not, so pzdswv is less frenzied than chtvfdlmdm
zvbol is driving their car while ekj is not, so ekj is less frenzied than zvbol
dsqju is driving their car while iasjrqno is not, so iasjrqno is less frenzied than dsqju
bkzs is driving their car while vmkrkcy is not, so vmkrkcy is less frenzied than bkzs
looppwpq is driving their car while mzma is not, so mzma is less frenzied than looppwpq
opi is driving their car while okbqajop is not, so opi is not less frenzied than okbqajop
cawsveua is driving their car while hbdybvnovw is not, so cawsveua is not less frenzied than hbdybvnovw
lnxlzbmorcak is driving their car while ayaiwj is not, so lnxlzbmorcak is not less frenzied than ayaiwj
anzsstbcqoq is driving their car while vtvlkxzmatjy is not, so anzsstbcqoq is not less frenzied than vtvlkxzmatjy
mck is driving their car while upfyf is not, so mck is not less frenzied than upfyf
hvitntpz is driving their car while jaib is not, so jaib is not more frenzied than hvitntpz
cyb is driving their car while lgdns is not, so lgdns is not more frenzied than cyb
gnnijdhdob is driving their car while uww is not, so uww is not more frenzied than gnnijdhdob
cbmz is driving their car while jfebcwdvl is not, so jfebcwdvl is not more frenzied than cbmz
sggsuumaw is driving their car while hgvsxxohfdpk is not, so hgvsxxohfdpk is not more frenzied than sggsuumaw
zujk has a bad cough while lhmm does not, so zujk is more sick than lhmm
iclblcvxk has a bad cough while osxqdzikx does not, so iclblcvxk is more sick than osxqdzikx
tpw has a bad cough while htfcojh does not, so tpw is more sick than htfcojh
ewiblhwfe has a bad cough while rptyakgd does not, so ewiblhwfe is more sick than rptyakgd
sedccayzdsq has a bad cough while nmnxf does not, so sedccayzdsq is more sick than nmnxf
iir has a bad cough while riooujq does not, so riooujq is less sick than iir
aqhbucgwj has a bad cough while ijdaz does not, so ijdaz is less sick than aqhbucgwj
lpukd has a bad cough while gugv does not, so gugv is less sick than lpukd
wwo has a bad cough while xodlmf does not, so xodlmf is less sick than wwo
krq has a bad cough while xnnxsh does not, so xnnxsh is less sick than krq
fqccybinqi has a bad cough while hfdqcptlabqn does not, so fqccybinqi is not less sick than hfdqcptlabqn
tcg has a bad cough while xnkcie does not, so tcg is not less sick than xnkcie
pwrwlnpcqkrn has a bad cough while ftefzosptxc does not, so pwrwlnpcqkrn is not less sick than ftefzosptxc
xyyy has a bad cough while gfwipl does not, so xyyy is not less sick than gfwipl
tjvktptei has a bad cough while fdzyil does not, so tjvktptei is not less sick than fdzyil
melqie has a bad cough while rska does not, so rska is not more sick than melqie
crwllobo has a bad cough while tkuu does not, so tkuu is not more sick than crwllobo
dofgc has a bad cough while xtcxnp does not, so xtcxnp is not more sick than dofgc
zuomeexexvjw has a bad cough while vmohpl does not, so vmohpl is not more sick than zuomeexexvjw
tsq has a bad cough while huvm does not, so huvm is not more sick than tsq
rcurhh uses their noggin while ffepkl does not, so rcurhh is more thoughtful than ffepkl
hdqjxhjedgy uses their noggin while iusvammoqzpx does not, so hdqjxhjedgy is more thoughtful than iusvammoqzpx
stipnn uses their noggin while zazwot does not, so stipnn is more thoughtful than zazwot
hvvvitthr uses their noggin while gyljydtuv does not, so hvvvitthr is more thoughtful than gyljydtuv
lfxkuiy uses their noggin while pciwlgcnrb does not, so lfxkuiy is more thoughtful than pciwlgcnrb
aegs uses their noggin while rpxepjk does not, so rpxepjk is less thoughtful than aegs
hydcpskwhb uses their noggin while klbhz does not, so klbhz is less thoughtful than hydcpskwhb
ucsinlocn uses their noggin while urfx does not, so urfx is less thoughtful than ucsinlocn
hfdbrsyykq uses their noggin while zkwxmax does not, so zkwxmax is less thoughtful than hfdbrsyykq
bowqgcrg uses their noggin while ntiggplh does not, so ntiggplh is less thoughtful than bowqgcrg
gwzxf uses their noggin while zovvbtii does not, so gwzxf is not less thoughtful than zovvbtii
zyds uses their noggin while ypjrcocyaluq does not, so zyds is not less thoughtful than ypjrcocyaluq
pxkoolw uses their noggin while fftycscjk does not, so pxkoolw is not less thoughtful than fftycscjk
trapepybz uses their noggin while mmwrm does not, so trapepybz is not less thoughtful than mmwrm
dyjbfej uses their noggin while iofd does not, so dyjbfej is not less thoughtful than iofd
jqf uses their noggin more than wrwgzbnxlj, so wrwgzbnxlj is not more thoughtful than jqf
pmwijube uses their noggin more than lgmneam, so lgmneam is not more thoughtful than pmwijube
cjxs uses their noggin more than kwjslpanhfh, so kwjslpanhfh is not more thoughtful than cjxs
znacaswzoe uses their noggin more than dvyqlpoler, so dvyqlpoler is not more thoughtful than znacaswzoe
vas uses their noggin more than yraceddw, so yraceddw is not more thoughtful than vas
skzkkf gets a black eye while ssdigmto does not, so skzkkf is more different than ssdigmto
tgfgqs gets a black eye while wkhcewvhag does not, so tgfgqs is more different than wkhcewvhag
kmdnxvrdbtu gets a black eye while binzvkp does not, so kmdnxvrdbtu is more different than binzvkp
wucej gets a black eye while utpyjahs does not, so wucej is more different than utpyjahs
sbkzds gets a black eye while qeh does not, so sbkzds is more different than qeh
rcl gets a black eye while ggtk does not, so ggtk is less different than rcl
fyay gets a black eye while fhxznflw does not, so fhxznflw is less different than fyay
xfiergy gets a black eye while frpkpffb does not, so frpkpffb is less different than xfiergy
kdduwfxnw gets a black eye while fiqx does not, so fiqx is less different than kdduwfxnw
itbinstf gets a black eye while psgxtgo does not, so psgxtgo is less different than itbinstf
afyjbxx gets a black eye while ejdfaiwqriw does not, so afyjbxx is not less different than ejdfaiwqriw
aasnl gets a black eye while bpxszaje does not, so aasnl is not less different than bpxszaje
pirroe gets a black eye while ywie does not, so pirroe is not less different than ywie
lckyb gets a black eye while kmu does not, so lckyb is not less different than kmu
pgwubhggfp gets a black eye while juxnqv does not, so pgwubhggfp is not less different than juxnqv
unaqxwnhion gets a black eye while uyohsb does not, so uyohsb is not more different than unaqxwnhion
ubnfgn gets a black eye while ligxvgffgku does not, so ligxvgffgku is not more different than ubnfgn
werueg gets a black eye while yoy does not, so yoy is not more different than werueg
awncwxroxz gets a black eye while hleeto does not, so hleeto is not more different than awncwxroxz
crijvjz gets a black eye while obx does not, so obx is not more different than crijvjz
uojmf loves candy while vggiuac does not, so uojmf is more agreeable than vggiuac
rwqt loves candy while anxfbht does not, so rwqt is more agreeable than anxfbht
ocmfmzwfjmz loves candy while mrmqxblpjt does not, so ocmfmzwfjmz is more agreeable than mrmqxblpjt
cfh loves candy while oesqseggbgx does not, so cfh is more agreeable than oesqseggbgx
qprqzdoi loves candy while godfrbmtsla does not, so qprqzdoi is more agreeable than godfrbmtsla
vgyqwtzt loves candy while uefuu does not, so uefuu is less agreeable than vgyqwtzt
bhrevbezt loves candy while ayglwfpjeghc does not, so ayglwfpjeghc is less agreeable than bhrevbezt
qwam loves candy while fuqidt does not, so fuqidt is less agreeable than qwam
ehcy loves candy while moxiairpla does not, so moxiairpla is less agreeable than ehcy
izbpu loves candy while fqiqqbrrb does not, so fqiqqbrrb is less agreeable than izbpu
tgrmyezem loves candy while hklr does not, so tgrmyezem is not less agreeable than hklr
uprychxmuaov loves candy while zrqjvnt does not, so uprychxmuaov is not less agreeable than zrqjvnt
zgrx loves candy while lnwi does not, so zgrx is not less agreeable than lnwi
qettp loves candy while nkrztmxe does not, so qettp is not less agreeable than nkrztmxe
kgdtvdwkovon loves candy while hegkv does not, so kgdtvdwkovon is not less agreeable than hegkv
tilavqvvlin loves candy while hwt does not, so hwt is not more agreeable than tilavqvvlin
qoxzlchbt loves candy while qkehtnuzq does not, so qkehtnuzq is not more agreeable than qoxzlchbt
cbuqd loves candy while gaok does not, so gaok is not more agreeable than cbuqd
xmirgfzieeyz loves candy while rjjua does not, so rjjua is not more agreeable than xmirgfzieeyz
mklxsqwrb loves candy while nndlzrmcnq does not, so nndlzrmcnq is not more agreeable than mklxsqwrb
tqvrdvwcdqme visits another person's grandmother while pzuqlfuvf does not, so tqvrdvwcdqme is more sociable than pzuqlfuvf
ycz visits another person's grandmother while tzlijttaimr does not, so ycz is more sociable than tzlijttaimr
wdyu visits another person's grandmother while peyqsu does not, so wdyu is more sociable than peyqsu
aafuodfdpn visits another person's grandmother while lnkcujpcg does not, so aafuodfdpn is more sociable than lnkcujpcg
bgba visits another person's grandmother while fkesb does not, so bgba is more sociable than fkesb
ynes visits another person's grandmother while ruaprn does not, so ruaprn is less sociable than ynes
wohwwd visits another person's grandmother while vbtis does not, so vbtis is less sociable than wohwwd
bcsaoaptnum visits another person's grandmother while cyffocck does not, so cyffocck is less sociable than bcsaoaptnum
chcjx visits another person's grandmother while amfv does not, so amfv is less sociable than chcjx
burdo visits another person's grandmother while zkdrp does not, so zkdrp is less sociable than burdo
xvp visits another person's grandmother while uxaqoydbiw does not, so xvp is not less sociable than uxaqoydbiw
ufyq visits another person's grandmother while vdlqutexzc does not, so ufyq is not less sociable than vdlqutexzc
aboswt visits another person's grandmother while nac does not, so aboswt is not less sociable than nac
hhfhl visits another person's grandmother while qoaowhspsoh does not, so hhfhl is not less sociable than qoaowhspsoh
zawvtnkm visits another person's grandmother while kghm does not, so zawvtnkm is not less sociable than kghm
obqlw visits another person's grandmother while xpyblq does not, so xpyblq is not more sociable than obqlw
ffkuge visits another person's grandmother while shcjzawms does not, so shcjzawms is not more sociable than ffkuge
mbecdqkl visits another person's grandmother while dykruoq does not, so dykruoq is not more sociable than mbecdqkl
ahcryyzynw visits another person's grandmother while wtnrscyjgkb does not, so wtnrscyjgkb is not more sociable than ahcryyzynw
qbj visits another person's grandmother while hjzz does not, so hjzz is not more sociable than qbj
dwtj hires someone while wfd does not, so dwtj is more commanding than wfd
hbrf hires someone while tphlmyapmnjw does not, so hbrf is more commanding than tphlmyapmnjw
tho hires someone while qrlhfnkl does not, so tho is more commanding than qrlhfnkl
mdkyd hires someone while tbgvrdnizze does not, so mdkyd is more commanding than tbgvrdnizze
hhogfvpaoz hires someone while szkbrrobuo does not, so hhogfvpaoz is more commanding than szkbrrobuo
dakbeqjmqx hires someone while ufscmrwxekkw does not, so ufscmrwxekkw is less commanding than dakbeqjmqx
wzsygbs hires someone while fskcofc does not, so fskcofc is less commanding than wzsygbs
toflwki hires someone while cdqsr does not, so cdqsr is less commanding than toflwki
tfmou hires someone while bzxxjqz does not, so bzxxjqz is less commanding than tfmou
ahl hires someone while nezhyi does not, so nezhyi is less commanding than ahl
nmryt hires someone while eafij does not, so nmryt is not less commanding than eafij
browxvoefrkc hires someone while ktbcdgooqexw does not, so browxvoefrkc is not less commanding than ktbcdgooqexw
hapenkwdt hires someone while zdalduobn does not, so hapenkwdt is not less commanding than zdalduobn
lowcqddq hires someone while zhjqmi does not, so lowcqddq is not less commanding than zhjqmi
syapb hires someone while zeugd does not, so syapb is not less commanding than zeugd
goohkirlz hires someone while lqtvbt does not, so lqtvbt is not more commanding than goohkirlz
otdbyj hires someone while tccnjdsnyjss does not, so tccnjdsnyjss is not more commanding than otdbyj
vyiqgvcwai hires someone while iseq does not, so iseq is not more commanding than vyiqgvcwai
sqzbjfatr hires someone while rmdpexhz does not, so rmdpexhz is not more commanding than sqzbjfatr
dgo hires someone while dgfs does not, so dgfs is not more commanding than dgo
zccycvt wants to go again while mzn does not, so zccycvt is more hopeful than mzn
dxayamkfsxh wants to go again while ojftmrpbkp does not, so dxayamkfsxh is more hopeful than ojftmrpbkp
dcevaeiyx wants to go again while bvswi does not, so dcevaeiyx is more hopeful than bvswi
vcnwzidvt wants to go again while vwkpomxu does not, so vcnwzidvt is more hopeful than vwkpomxu
eetjxdtb wants to go again while visnyvty does not, so eetjxdtb is more hopeful than visnyvty
hiackpa wants to go again while zadwq does not, so zadwq is less hopeful than hiackpa
ppzz wants to go again while ozq does not, so ozq is less hopeful than ppzz
ocolhvhepq wants to go again while fisdethn does not, so fisdethn is less hopeful than ocolhvhepq
lcig wants to go again while birgfgu does not, so birgfgu is less hopeful than lcig
flakflaoeg wants to go again while vfkth does not, so vfkth is less hopeful than flakflaoeg
jwbdnrpsnhlp wants to go again while rxilqnocgcqv does not, so jwbdnrpsnhlp is not less hopeful than rxilqnocgcqv
gcficj wants to go again while pzco does not, so gcficj is not less hopeful than pzco
uiomam wants to go again while bmbn does not, so uiomam is not less hopeful than bmbn
ymysh wants to go again while hsyqjquixbn does not, so ymysh is not less hopeful than hsyqjquixbn
vcwsbeinxmh wants to go again while mwliydvn does not, so vcwsbeinxmh is not less hopeful than mwliydvn
dwnims wants to go again while ehndltdjzta does not, so ehndltdjzta is not less hopeful than dwnims
tsrsgoe wants to go again while ucapdrpmu does not, so ucapdrpmu is not less hopeful than tsrsgoe
fzbdhyyfpsoq wants to go again while ofjk does not, so ofjk is not less hopeful than fzbdhyyfpsoq
dfyx wants to go again while xqfk does not, so xqfk is not less hopeful than dfyx
eyym wants to go again while hipeiajiyh does not, so hipeiajiyh is not less hopeful than eyym
twbumhu licks their chops while obe does not, so twbumhu is more hungry than obe
hgj licks their chops while ykp does not, so hgj is more hungry than ykp
wtxwtcpsnge licks their chops while ncxeecjv does not, so wtxwtcpsnge is more hungry than ncxeecjv
axonqrmvz licks their chops while usdwmrhtwvxi does not, so axonqrmvz is more hungry than usdwmrhtwvxi
mvzn licks their chops while idthgphupnbs does not, so mvzn is more hungry than idthgphupnbs
shw licks their chops while ngsvkvksyt does not, so ngsvkvksyt is less hungry than shw
wznkjrvg licks their chops while hsttwzatg does not, so hsttwzatg is less hungry than wznkjrvg
rjicgmdddqek licks their chops while joalnvsmcy does not, so joalnvsmcy is less hungry than rjicgmdddqek
xrgidincixd licks their chops while yfsbr does not, so yfsbr is less hungry than xrgidincixd
vropngyyxlip licks their chops while ewny does not, so ewny is less hungry than vropngyyxlip
kktskwbb licks their chops while dqzbpbi does not, so kktskwbb is not more hungry than dqzbpbi
avxszakx licks their chops while vvqvd does not, so avxszakx is not more hungry than vvqvd
ofkjmche licks their chops while wvv does not, so ofkjmche is not more hungry than wvv
zleibmpl licks their chops while bkajfxfmgzdd does not, so zleibmpl is not more hungry than bkajfxfmgzdd
fii licks their chops while whdfazys does not, so fii is not more hungry than whdfazys
ewiypoqvdx licks their chops while gmq does not, so gmq is not more hungry than ewiypoqvdx
fsxziqfb licks their chops while mvo does not, so mvo is not more hungry than fsxziqfb
aiyhmgwxjfmj licks their chops while kjhggy does not, so kjhggy is not more hungry than aiyhmgwxjfmj
vuafyowey licks their chops while gaflkigf does not, so gaflkigf is not more hungry than vuafyowey
mjauxuvidem licks their chops while oqaiyftcw does not, so oqaiyftcw is not more hungry than mjauxuvidem
iaoxk says would help people while mviyaduccs does not, so iaoxk is more helpful than mviyaduccs
zfsmi says would help people while nmkxxcg does not, so zfsmi is more helpful than nmkxxcg
msoohgsj says would help people while ppmnrglao does not, so msoohgsj is more helpful than ppmnrglao
gwmmgb says would help people while oscyocvjox does not, so gwmmgb is more helpful than oscyocvjox
ypy says would help people while idicpjde does not, so ypy is more helpful than idicpjde
qxvebydswq says would help people while gskdc does not, so gskdc is less helpful than qxvebydswq
bfspb says would help people while wspikpjhskm does not, so wspikpjhskm is less helpful than bfspb
frlivxz says would help people while hplmzzyd does not, so hplmzzyd is less helpful than frlivxz
jawbazc says would help people while fndreqqctgi does not, so fndreqqctgi is less helpful than jawbazc
xlsul says would help people while lnynhj does not, so lnynhj is less helpful than xlsul
xazmiyl says would help people while miyfdqy does not, so xazmiyl is not less helpful than miyfdqy
ddyphol says would help people while yvfrbdx does not, so ddyphol is not less helpful than yvfrbdx
wswhypihbkh says would help people while yqofivu does not, so wswhypihbkh is not less helpful than yqofivu
kjqyxm says would help people while pndejz does not, so kjqyxm is not less helpful than pndejz
cqfqzfq says would help people while beggsywliwzr does not, so cqfqzfq is not less helpful than beggsywliwzr
wdw says would help people while ahu does not, so ahu is not more helpful than wdw
aygqsc says would help people while vqerq does not, so vqerq is not more helpful than aygqsc
fswndrfeywli says would help people while ryyzzc does not, so ryyzzc is not more helpful than fswndrfeywli
ozojfwucuok says would help people while kdkv does not, so kdkv is not more helpful than ozojfwucuok
htqpxklj says would help people while pzryu does not, so pzryu is not more helpful than htqpxklj
bkujwok hops to one day more than vnucvnsdy, so bkujwok is more free-spirited than vnucvnsdy
znhbazd hops to one day more than ohahiactvn, so znhbazd is more free-spirited than ohahiactvn
tji hops to one day more than mnc, so tji is more free-spirited than mnc
nyn hops to one day more than yftttnjfvtcy, so nyn is more free-spirited than yftttnjfvtcy
ylpbqc hops to one day more than etpaldzrgbi, so ylpbqc is more free-spirited than etpaldzrgbi
yoqceznoi hops to one day while dyhu does not, so dyhu is less free-spirited than yoqceznoi
pthh hops to one day while bnmemb does not, so bnmemb is less free-spirited than pthh
ogixn hops to one day while gjuwocby does not, so gjuwocby is less free-spirited than ogixn
ill hops to one day while fccbldw does not, so fccbldw is less free-spirited than ill
glzqw hops to one day while ddl does not, so ddl is less free-spirited than glzqw
driehecv hops to one day more than vhppzgv, so driehecv is not less free-spirited than vhppzgv
jzgkmsbzbkgp hops to one day more than kolmxpz, so jzgkmsbzbkgp is not less free-spirited than kolmxpz
sctuntl hops to one day more than wrguqlxindvk, so sctuntl is not less free-spirited than wrguqlxindvk
xczafddjmayf hops to one day more than dqbqhq, so xczafddjmayf is not less free-spirited than dqbqhq
bpjcrqonhyq hops to one day more than rtwmjs, so bpjcrqonhyq is not less free-spirited than rtwmjs
jugyem hops to one day more than wrmina, so wrmina is not more free-spirited than jugyem
rpuf hops to one day more than xoyzlcrugoxw, so xoyzlcrugoxw is not more free-spirited than rpuf
aayisajj hops to one day more than jcfpayrwwci, so jcfpayrwwci is not more free-spirited than aayisajj
tpjoz hops to one day more than rrklkju, so rrklkju is not more free-spirited than tpjoz
oufodtekz hops to one day more than qenchgxqcyj, so qenchgxqcyj is not more free-spirited than oufodtekz
yias gets an ipad while pfdosmdb does not, so yias is more excited than pfdosmdb
cdfsk gets an ipad while ctgafvlym does not, so cdfsk is more excited than ctgafvlym
hgleo gets an ipad while wospqz does not, so hgleo is more excited than wospqz
urentdejf gets an ipad while xqktsvrzeqqq does not, so urentdejf is more excited than xqktsvrzeqqq
tdquotuv gets an ipad while qdjsuog does not, so tdquotuv is more excited than qdjsuog
hcezn gets an ipad while mmvkiuk does not, so mmvkiuk is less excited than hcezn
kgifakls gets an ipad while rnvkc does not, so rnvkc is less excited than kgifakls
xzfr gets an ipad while wmuxmmsedoj does not, so wmuxmmsedoj is less excited than xzfr
ldff gets an ipad while qhttwuau does not, so qhttwuau is less excited than ldff
pdjvhaf gets an ipad while sbnclplwoiwu does not, so sbnclplwoiwu is less excited than pdjvhaf
yxudxry gets an ipad while jkhy does not, so yxudxry is not less excited than jkhy
didmqjvsae gets an ipad while omdiw does not, so didmqjvsae is not less excited than omdiw
iebhhqtnzs gets an ipad while luwbcbgpfzmb does not, so iebhhqtnzs is not less excited than luwbcbgpfzmb
wdqvkcdl gets an ipad while zhtp does not, so wdqvkcdl is not less excited than zhtp
qbkz gets an ipad while tujp does not, so qbkz is not less excited than tujp
ojvu gets an ipad while lstiespoik does not, so lstiespoik is not more excited than ojvu
mashihyf gets an ipad while hntabut does not, so hntabut is not more excited than mashihyf
cfzbopzjshz gets an ipad while fpqdly does not, so fpqdly is not more excited than cfzbopzjshz
ghyyeqiqvi gets an ipad while dqevvnm does not, so dqevvnm is not more excited than ghyyeqiqvi
gbp gets an ipad while kqjnqi does not, so kqjnqi is not more excited than gbp
delzuuj finishes the hike while vjqlvmsc does not, so delzuuj is more hardworking than vjqlvmsc
wrttpq finishes the hike while ainnrqket does not, so wrttpq is more hardworking than ainnrqket
facwsvie finishes the hike while hmnfumwz does not, so facwsvie is more hardworking than hmnfumwz
fjdmdguwmxg finishes the hike while njljyqg does not, so fjdmdguwmxg is more hardworking than njljyqg
tnarzgum finishes the hike while ifblg does not, so tnarzgum is more hardworking than ifblg
riwsau finishes the hike while ffbgblx does not, so ffbgblx is less hardworking than riwsau
gfq finishes the hike while qaxlhnzxvz does not, so qaxlhnzxvz is less hardworking than gfq
rxty finishes the hike while ngysemuxt does not, so ngysemuxt is less hardworking than rxty
tdeejtqonbwu finishes the hike while ytwj does not, so ytwj is less hardworking than tdeejtqonbwu
pikkndxtz finishes the hike while wxjnfmrlga does not, so wxjnfmrlga is less hardworking than pikkndxtz
jpkjxtho finishes the hike while dcyaazmmcjq does not, so jpkjxtho is not less hardworking than dcyaazmmcjq
ollwatwdzu finishes the hike while deuiwvoy does not, so ollwatwdzu is not less hardworking than deuiwvoy
zpv finishes the hike while hkzmyuewedv does not, so zpv is not less hardworking than hkzmyuewedv
uadvxlpdwbrt finishes the hike while iimg does not, so uadvxlpdwbrt is not less hardworking than iimg
hzlresq finishes the hike while maojjdpggr does not, so hzlresq is not less hardworking than maojjdpggr
wvwiww finishes the hike while ijfpmuql does not, so ijfpmuql is not more hardworking than wvwiww
xwswqspbsh finishes the hike while ajjsyoqwpt does not, so ajjsyoqwpt is not more hardworking than xwswqspbsh
scs finishes the hike while xto does not, so xto is not more hardworking than scs
fgqqvlxhjwdr finishes the hike while ytpxlc does not, so ytpxlc is not more hardworking than fgqqvlxhjwdr
fckmfj finishes the hike while mdgcp does not, so mdgcp is not more hardworking than fckmfj
ivqfulawk loses weight while vmltsuogqjwu does not, so ivqfulawk is more motivated than vmltsuogqjwu
ydqgmjiws loses weight while rkptybcqse does not, so ydqgmjiws is more motivated than rkptybcqse
yaxusnkp loses weight while xtmkpatiuqi does not, so yaxusnkp is more motivated than xtmkpatiuqi
hvkce loses weight while xcjfnyuxtq does not, so hvkce is more motivated than xcjfnyuxtq
njdctpeyp loses weight while cnikzzjbyfnx does not, so njdctpeyp is more motivated than cnikzzjbyfnx
pdexsqyhzaip loses weight while epgcl does not, so epgcl is less motivated than pdexsqyhzaip
mfuexvqzs loses weight while fukbk does not, so fukbk is less motivated than mfuexvqzs
arhzgruusuaq loses weight while yhzpirin does not, so yhzpirin is less motivated than arhzgruusuaq
khw loses weight while kpmhgh does not, so kpmhgh is less motivated than khw
pxgxwhm loses weight while oclcohsdhsl does not, so oclcohsdhsl is less motivated than pxgxwhm
hpuadukhkk loses weight while vwklbbetc does not, so hpuadukhkk is not less motivated than vwklbbetc
hqkbxpd loses weight while nbznwj does not, so hqkbxpd is not less motivated than nbznwj
uxhgxaybuqcx loses weight while eifmdfqag does not, so uxhgxaybuqcx is not less motivated than eifmdfqag
xfpsavcffr loses weight while perepdfyapry does not, so xfpsavcffr is not less motivated than perepdfyapry
jji loses weight while ccgx does not, so jji is not less motivated than ccgx
gexvqwm loses weight while wzh does not, so wzh is not more motivated than gexvqwm
nzuh loses weight while disurxxlqfk does not, so disurxxlqfk is not more motivated than nzuh
cterdrirnq loses weight while iyrwciuvp does not, so iyrwciuvp is not more motivated than cterdrirnq
upwmh loses weight while kumyj does not, so kumyj is not more motivated than upwmh
rwfiwvcwn loses weight while gtzieu does not, so gtzieu is not more motivated than rwfiwvcwn
mppp gets dizzy while ewlunguadzy does not, so mppp is more sick than ewlunguadzy
sckyfsko gets dizzy while pfluny does not, so sckyfsko is more sick than pfluny
khudzihmr gets dizzy while ylgcssguw does not, so khudzihmr is more sick than ylgcssguw
hgfei gets dizzy while jtssiheo does not, so hgfei is more sick than jtssiheo
mpqtwqebm gets dizzy while wnzkqkgm does not, so mpqtwqebm is more sick than wnzkqkgm
yetr gets dizzy while tnuzgyxibfh does not, so tnuzgyxibfh is less sick than yetr
yxorlbvmlv gets dizzy while kzariwmxk does not, so kzariwmxk is less sick than yxorlbvmlv
xfcrebhlhfbh gets dizzy while vmhjiivqqc does not, so vmhjiivqqc is less sick than xfcrebhlhfbh
ykkassiceqzq gets dizzy while capqpuu does not, so capqpuu is less sick than ykkassiceqzq
bmgtwyqgvg gets dizzy while suzcatyyw does not, so suzcatyyw is less sick than bmgtwyqgvg
ltzesqalgsg gets dizzy while kvy does not, so ltzesqalgsg is not less sick than kvy
xieuep gets dizzy while ohcnnq does not, so xieuep is not less sick than ohcnnq
rguoblzffln gets dizzy while cxixzgh does not, so rguoblzffln is not less sick than cxixzgh
gsaen gets dizzy while mjpinosec does not, so gsaen is not less sick than mjpinosec
oehfmwnfsmcy gets dizzy while prs does not, so oehfmwnfsmcy is not less sick than prs
szie gets dizzy while zoue does not, so zoue is not more sick than szie
hdzuxsmxpubr gets dizzy while phfkhprrhv does not, so phfkhprrhv is not more sick than hdzuxsmxpubr
mgkb gets dizzy while taxapmedgh does not, so taxapmedgh is not more sick than mgkb
rjxbxyphxqp gets dizzy while eenbzwa does not, so eenbzwa is not more sick than rjxbxyphxqp
tuf gets dizzy while odwsolvsfza does not, so odwsolvsfza is not more sick than tuf
fnuil needs a job while pfjvlodmz does not, so fnuil is more motivated than pfjvlodmz
mwknjk needs a job while luwhpnjoala does not, so mwknjk is more motivated than luwhpnjoala
chwlbikqu needs a job while xaatwpxif does not, so chwlbikqu is more motivated than xaatwpxif
lbvdw needs a job while hrxe does not, so lbvdw is more motivated than hrxe
dzmmzshiompo needs a job while waqzbob does not, so dzmmzshiompo is more motivated than waqzbob
ouzgrhxzz needs a job while lpefciojaqz does not, so lpefciojaqz is less motivated than ouzgrhxzz
mtdgyljwhvsj needs a job while kkvvzkgksjxo does not, so kkvvzkgksjxo is less motivated than mtdgyljwhvsj
sbgn needs a job while tzpllalqxg does not, so tzpllalqxg is less motivated than sbgn
pggnytzovmav needs a job while emkw does not, so emkw is less motivated than pggnytzovmav
umzzxcmavq needs a job while mhnjyl does not, so mhnjyl is less motivated than umzzxcmavq
xbowmx needs a job while slbfntghlns does not, so xbowmx is not less motivated than slbfntghlns
dehzzee needs a job while ttdthh does not, so dehzzee is not less motivated than ttdthh
tyjw needs a job while zgnduenl does not, so tyjw is not less motivated than zgnduenl
awcpk needs a job while gmrsgqj does not, so awcpk is not less motivated than gmrsgqj
skzjmqsvsezj needs a job while bbinhepc does not, so skzjmqsvsezj is not less motivated than bbinhepc
xpmikwq needs a job while jctberqdu does not, so jctberqdu is not more motivated than xpmikwq
yiggcvehcl needs a job while cixvxnyrnbpc does not, so cixvxnyrnbpc is not more motivated than yiggcvehcl
xhfmxqju needs a job while axk does not, so axk is not more motivated than xhfmxqju
psthpnshpdlb needs a job while hkmnpypmsgls does not, so hkmnpypmsgls is not more motivated than psthpnshpdlb
evitt needs a job while kunjpcqozoia does not, so kunjpcqozoia is not more motivated than evitt
ftiekpqueghn increases their ability while twfbtjhsdsx does not, so ftiekpqueghn is more determined than twfbtjhsdsx
nvw increases their ability while wagpxxiu does not, so nvw is more determined than wagpxxiu
pqwpo increases their ability while yeeefrrqiu does not, so pqwpo is more determined than yeeefrrqiu
mnhtqbcazfrr increases their ability while onb does not, so mnhtqbcazfrr is more determined than onb
vifntvps increases their ability while keoncjzqxyyv does not, so vifntvps is more determined than keoncjzqxyyv
xlewotysiq increases their ability while gvdkkxlio does not, so gvdkkxlio is less determined than xlewotysiq
sldtzezomlp increases their ability while phorrbggjme does not, so phorrbggjme is less determined than sldtzezomlp
dsjzunwsdeef increases their ability while vjmviit does not, so vjmviit is less determined than dsjzunwsdeef
ipabyidfklvt increases their ability while ixjuiwthg does not, so ixjuiwthg is less determined than ipabyidfklvt
pqekhhzz increases their ability while deufmpz does not, so deufmpz is less determined than pqekhhzz
hcwdhzpiuezg increases their ability while jrjxwpml does not, so hcwdhzpiuezg is not less determined than jrjxwpml
jnt increases their ability while vcquxnk does not, so jnt is not less determined than vcquxnk
pqbfnyfdb increases their ability while shdfgvk does not, so pqbfnyfdb is not less determined than shdfgvk
jksrdnrmbs increases their ability while sxrcczcymkfz does not, so jksrdnrmbs is not less determined than sxrcczcymkfz
rckgb increases their ability while hniekdsrxn does not, so rckgb is not less determined than hniekdsrxn
wbew increases their ability while gzjeqjoag does not, so gzjeqjoag is not more determined than wbew
uxph increases their ability while itxtwgzwcns does not, so itxtwgzwcns is not more determined than uxph
vlqcccnsdxhq increases their ability while tmvuarjlm does not, so tmvuarjlm is not more determined than vlqcccnsdxhq
xofgnxfm increases their ability while vsgrkdn does not, so vsgrkdn is not more determined than xofgnxfm
goxbeuc increases their ability while pjyqmw does not, so pjyqmw is not more determined than goxbeuc
egdavx slams on the brakes while ratmuk does not, so egdavx is more angry than ratmuk
iyg slams on the brakes while lhbzw does not, so iyg is more angry than lhbzw
feux slams on the brakes while fbbdji does not, so feux is more angry than fbbdji
hxwxht slams on the brakes while wqi does not, so hxwxht is more angry than wqi
zuaembqkwyxg slams on the brakes while medansnun does not, so zuaembqkwyxg is more angry than medansnun
eusahmacwr slams on the brakes while yrmo does not, so yrmo is less angry than eusahmacwr
vlxchzeefmb slams on the brakes while iqocpoktx does not, so iqocpoktx is less angry than vlxchzeefmb
zefei slams on the brakes while sja does not, so sja is less angry than zefei
evjzdgnotcs slams on the brakes while glardgkjcten does not, so glardgkjcten is less angry than evjzdgnotcs
pseqi slams on the brakes while bgdauixsii does not, so bgdauixsii is less angry than pseqi
tmxbq slams on the brakes while vnprlthrtte does not, so tmxbq is not less angry than vnprlthrtte
eyxuupqxlk slams on the brakes while jjuult does not, so eyxuupqxlk is not less angry than jjuult
vqyfncbuyk slams on the brakes while rjzledory does not, so vqyfncbuyk is not less angry than rjzledory
ojytcf slams on the brakes while ncmezfblrq does not, so ojytcf is not less angry than ncmezfblrq
pnyknaqksi slams on the brakes while fsymkfe does not, so pnyknaqksi is not less angry than fsymkfe
tauguyumc slams on the brakes while gzltfqsxfs does not, so gzltfqsxfs is not more angry than tauguyumc
pfvzc slams on the brakes while ukqxskcb does not, so ukqxskcb is not more angry than pfvzc
ztxphnbuy slams on the brakes while lkazcirfyc does not, so lkazcirfyc is not more angry than ztxphnbuy
anjliyel slams on the brakes while qrf does not, so qrf is not more angry than anjliyel
wpbsjoch slams on the brakes while xvaxubigkm does not, so xvaxubigkm is not more angry than wpbsjoch
waeaykofi takes another person's bike while jfvznwnzrc does not, so waeaykofi is less greedy than jfvznwnzrc
foqtzeool takes another person's bike while ustre does not, so foqtzeool is less greedy than ustre
kvwmxhbotcac takes another person's bike while ckkhnmvetzwn does not, so kvwmxhbotcac is less greedy than ckkhnmvetzwn
hxnvjz takes another person's bike while curho does not, so hxnvjz is less greedy than curho
bfytmvdqy takes another person's bike while pvpaplx does not, so bfytmvdqy is less greedy than pvpaplx
mmxin takes another person's bike while xvdni does not, so xvdni is less greedy than mmxin
ujzfqquhn takes another person's bike while nbaeomqudki does not, so nbaeomqudki is less greedy than ujzfqquhn
kkpxwkx takes another person's bike while awwzbmldjezn does not, so awwzbmldjezn is less greedy than kkpxwkx
hmdm takes another person's bike while qqiwce does not, so qqiwce is less greedy than hmdm
qnayukk takes another person's bike while tcqu does not, so tcqu is less greedy than qnayukk
ajdvqzdnvif takes another person's bike while vog does not, so ajdvqzdnvif is not less greedy than vog
jawzlszdkz takes another person's bike while rvjxzpv does not, so jawzlszdkz is not less greedy than rvjxzpv
duergjnm takes another person's bike while yhcziunfqjbk does not, so duergjnm is not less greedy than yhcziunfqjbk
tyc takes another person's bike while wahok does not, so tyc is not less greedy than wahok
uhcltwqkzd takes another person's bike while vestlsiya does not, so uhcltwqkzd is not less greedy than vestlsiya
modroazl takes another person's bike while uwvsrchsobme does not, so uwvsrchsobme is not more greedy than modroazl
tlilufcpl takes another person's bike while ptwtfhzt does not, so ptwtfhzt is not more greedy than tlilufcpl
arnl takes another person's bike while pccvpmier does not, so pccvpmier is not more greedy than arnl
ftp takes another person's bike while rjhuzsrmgxhz does not, so rjhuzsrmgxhz is not more greedy than ftp
ylruumlrzgf takes another person's bike while piljk does not, so piljk is not more greedy than ylruumlrzgf
djogorai spills soda while ssxzxxghfo does not, so djogorai is more foolish than ssxzxxghfo
apbbeniqfqs spills soda while gwq does not, so apbbeniqfqs is more foolish than gwq
qhqvtkvvq spills soda while gssca does not, so qhqvtkvvq is more foolish than gssca
diu spills soda while qtbb does not, so diu is more foolish than qtbb
khr spills soda while yvsmqxjucwi does not, so khr is more foolish than yvsmqxjucwi
ceoui spills soda while docqcsemsmvf does not, so docqcsemsmvf is more foolish than ceoui
nhe spills soda while mjwc does not, so mjwc is more foolish than nhe
wabwnvzmlw spills soda while oxrnucsz does not, so oxrnucsz is more foolish than wabwnvzmlw
dsyoaauasuw spills soda while tfcqhuidl does not, so tfcqhuidl is more foolish than dsyoaauasuw
adkox spills soda while dobyctox does not, so dobyctox is more foolish than adkox
bdkkyjactp spills soda while oeszqqmntqyz does not, so bdkkyjactp is not less foolish than oeszqqmntqyz
baikntzlw spills soda while wuainaiap does not, so baikntzlw is not less foolish than wuainaiap
wtwzadglnr spills soda while otknhot does not, so wtwzadglnr is not less foolish than otknhot
iatziufd spills soda while twbkeanghn does not, so iatziufd is not less foolish than twbkeanghn
detxtetzew spills soda while uimlanm does not, so detxtetzew is not less foolish than uimlanm
hqfzoryyhulm spills soda while ppwnq does not, so ppwnq is not more foolish than hqfzoryyhulm
jxawoflh spills soda while sbzopovgxs does not, so sbzopovgxs is not more foolish than jxawoflh
rhnyitea spills soda while otde does not, so otde is not more foolish than rhnyitea
wcw spills soda while lkdmpi does not, so lkdmpi is not more foolish than wcw
rye spills soda while kbho does not, so kbho is not more foolish than rye
ylfeat goes another person's ways while yzws does not, so ylfeat is more adherent than yzws
wyyzsbxszls goes another person's ways while gsomdelekmlb does not, so wyyzsbxszls is more adherent than gsomdelekmlb
bnmetsgysm goes another person's ways while dtpqtlo does not, so bnmetsgysm is more adherent than dtpqtlo
aaoszze goes another person's ways while zqi does not, so aaoszze is more adherent than zqi
cldvxigzgbb goes another person's ways while eazqrhqunvjx does not, so cldvxigzgbb is more adherent than eazqrhqunvjx
rutzej goes another person's ways while xdoayqdcfwd does not, so xdoayqdcfwd is less adherent than rutzej
ieid goes another person's ways while bshqyf does not, so bshqyf is less adherent than ieid
ungwdxloczs goes another person's ways while kmynfrtsnd does not, so kmynfrtsnd is less adherent than ungwdxloczs
tweos goes another person's ways while pimhucmir does not, so pimhucmir is less adherent than tweos
luqvnwid goes another person's ways while wzwg does not, so wzwg is less adherent than luqvnwid
sxv goes another person's ways while vxztf does not, so sxv is not more adherent than vxztf
pceankq goes another person's ways while esjtqvkel does not, so pceankq is not more adherent than esjtqvkel
ultdgy goes another person's ways while wblztdh does not, so ultdgy is not more adherent than wblztdh
vavbaoqwthc goes another person's ways while wktxyu does not, so vavbaoqwthc is not more adherent than wktxyu
rpybgin goes another person's ways while drlqdz does not, so rpybgin is not more adherent than drlqdz
tzgplonyoevl goes another person's ways while yknaqp does not, so yknaqp is not more adherent than tzgplonyoevl
oainkevbtwfv goes another person's ways while jjte does not, so jjte is not more adherent than oainkevbtwfv
ticas goes another person's ways while alrcbaokqks does not, so alrcbaokqks is not more adherent than ticas
nvoz goes another person's ways while zyrubmrjd does not, so zyrubmrjd is not more adherent than nvoz
qmeoqxa goes another person's ways while mlorcwui does not, so mlorcwui is not more adherent than qmeoqxa
bvcwhxqawbef breaks the camel 's back while xbwimb does not, so bvcwhxqawbef is more demanding than xbwimb
bbzvxdq breaks the camel 's back while xxli does not, so bbzvxdq is more demanding than xxli
bazixyge breaks the camel 's back while vmjrhraa does not, so bazixyge is more demanding than vmjrhraa
udpxgzkjj breaks the camel 's back while bdstuvttd does not, so udpxgzkjj is more demanding than bdstuvttd
irmyny breaks the camel 's back while xmjjdyorgzbe does not, so irmyny is more demanding than xmjjdyorgzbe
wylqlsvyov breaks the camel 's back while xtyvstkqbg does not, so xtyvstkqbg is less demanding than wylqlsvyov
nbiq breaks the camel 's back while zad does not, so zad is less demanding than nbiq
jyqcjulfbgj breaks the camel 's back while veleb does not, so veleb is less demanding than jyqcjulfbgj
hnahj breaks the camel 's back while bdwxliojfpfl does not, so bdwxliojfpfl is less demanding than hnahj
yrh breaks the camel 's back while amgdbplfpgbo does not, so amgdbplfpgbo is less demanding than yrh
sjxqsw breaks the camel 's back while cbpjicc does not, so sjxqsw is not less demanding than cbpjicc
trpegckiuvn breaks the camel 's back while bdc does not, so trpegckiuvn is not less demanding than bdc
rdr breaks the camel 's back while ngtayapqvnv does not, so rdr is not less demanding than ngtayapqvnv
apmocckz breaks the camel 's back while tbwfdyfqklgb does not, so apmocckz is not less demanding than tbwfdyfqklgb
paurnnytiu breaks the camel 's back while mzo does not, so paurnnytiu is not less demanding than mzo
quethueae breaks the camel 's back while bswxpgrussve does not, so bswxpgrussve is not more demanding than quethueae
vpdwxfxihezz breaks the camel 's back while chr does not, so chr is not more demanding than vpdwxfxihezz
wjnfexl breaks the camel 's back while bhap does not, so bhap is not more demanding than wjnfexl
fnenw breaks the camel 's back while pahzqfxsje does not, so pahzqfxsje is not more demanding than fnenw
bhmdoots breaks the camel 's back while djyhrwivs does not, so djyhrwivs is not more demanding than bhmdoots
xdtmdvkp feels sick to their stomach while qbneilzasxa does not, so xdtmdvkp is less unhealthy than qbneilzasxa
hbatqmmbbj feels sick to their stomach while xigyuihk does not, so hbatqmmbbj is less unhealthy than xigyuihk
bqworeka feels sick to their stomach while rdoepo does not, so bqworeka is less unhealthy than rdoepo
qvw feels sick to their stomach while rox does not, so qvw is less unhealthy than rox
stteqacupx feels sick to their stomach while cqmzy does not, so stteqacupx is less unhealthy than cqmzy
bqahshzicclk feels sick to their stomach while kkpcwxfb does not, so kkpcwxfb is less unhealthy than bqahshzicclk
sfditbbvlype feels sick to their stomach while zkhbihf does not, so zkhbihf is less unhealthy than sfditbbvlype
uuwei feels sick to their stomach while yfrtbz does not, so yfrtbz is less unhealthy than uuwei
gtlyitnxyqcb feels sick to their stomach while zduvbgcdt does not, so zduvbgcdt is less unhealthy than gtlyitnxyqcb
icish feels sick to their stomach while ohvw does not, so ohvw is less unhealthy than icish
mbnl feels sick to their stomach while rjbhfgcyz does not, so mbnl is not less unhealthy than rjbhfgcyz
sxjracpwbf feels sick to their stomach while asnqbqtgwwlg does not, so sxjracpwbf is not less unhealthy than asnqbqtgwwlg
wsvhf feels sick to their stomach while zor does not, so wsvhf is not less unhealthy than zor
cicxwumeybmb feels sick to their stomach while epzpbqypbojw does not, so cicxwumeybmb is not less unhealthy than epzpbqypbojw
suatx feels sick to their stomach while rqgzdfn does not, so suatx is not less unhealthy than rqgzdfn
jooeuyugfman feels sick to their stomach while azah does not, so azah is not more unhealthy than jooeuyugfman
klykh feels sick to their stomach while fodc does not, so fodc is not more unhealthy than klykh
nsuqwgl feels sick to their stomach while gxrlvxyd does not, so gxrlvxyd is not more unhealthy than nsuqwgl
craeibe feels sick to their stomach while gbx does not, so gbx is not more unhealthy than craeibe
zfuvzo feels sick to their stomach while dqkdbdlysgte does not, so dqkdbdlysgte is not more unhealthy than zfuvzo
mjti asks the clerk while djkcwzhnoudy does not, so mjti is more confused than djkcwzhnoudy
qcwktfaxe asks the clerk while qitcdwlf does not, so qcwktfaxe is more confused than qitcdwlf
wpbirdgkd asks the clerk while ibedcgcxg does not, so wpbirdgkd is more confused than ibedcgcxg
tpol asks the clerk while mmiyvd does not, so tpol is more confused than mmiyvd
cdsmfmjfnojo asks the clerk while oeysvrozgrfn does not, so cdsmfmjfnojo is more confused than oeysvrozgrfn
siqxgc asks the clerk while pzxkmxtnvu does not, so pzxkmxtnvu is less confused than siqxgc
kfarpbowj asks the clerk while tjtzbmuuqwt does not, so tjtzbmuuqwt is less confused than kfarpbowj
biz asks the clerk while uuxgrlgaltsq does not, so uuxgrlgaltsq is less confused than biz
pdudbj asks the clerk while lqkbawozark does not, so lqkbawozark is less confused than pdudbj
eetjhyfx asks the clerk while thq does not, so thq is less confused than eetjhyfx
nilprpbbjo asks the clerk while nyhz does not, so nilprpbbjo is not less confused than nyhz
tucaqfq asks the clerk while drfvxq does not, so tucaqfq is not less confused than drfvxq
ldov asks the clerk while kdijt does not, so ldov is not less confused than kdijt
mqsikkvl asks the clerk while rbon does not, so mqsikkvl is not less confused than rbon
ysuydqaiq asks the clerk while sagti does not, so ysuydqaiq is not less confused than sagti
pbr asks the clerk while tyciabicrvoa does not, so tyciabicrvoa is not more confused than pbr
klfl asks the clerk while kycqiidgxh does not, so kycqiidgxh is not more confused than klfl
itsatuvvh asks the clerk while pam does not, so pam is not more confused than itsatuvvh
wodmkrereu asks the clerk while qfkjoei does not, so qfkjoei is not more confused than wodmkrereu
wuvazhowcshi asks the clerk while dsq does not, so dsq is not more confused than wuvazhowcshi
jmbne makes decisions for another person while wkgc does not, so jmbne is more decisive than wkgc
vuneogyj makes decisions for another person while rtbxszuayw does not, so vuneogyj is more decisive than rtbxszuayw
wmvcbopcyrve makes decisions for another person while bapyxkipo does not, so wmvcbopcyrve is more decisive than bapyxkipo
hspefdqr makes decisions for another person while zalvrkq does not, so hspefdqr is more decisive than zalvrkq
rxireg makes decisions for another person while dsirv does not, so rxireg is more decisive than dsirv
gbpkhx makes decisions for another person while tuzyedrv does not, so tuzyedrv is less decisive than gbpkhx
sfdevagk makes decisions for another person while uhmdeql does not, so uhmdeql is less decisive than sfdevagk
occ makes decisions for another person while dawblbrs does not, so dawblbrs is less decisive than occ
zoakuzjw makes decisions for another person while iwgywlvunnek does not, so iwgywlvunnek is less decisive than zoakuzjw
ivmtkic makes decisions for another person while hourar does not, so hourar is less decisive than ivmtkic
nzsxxbqs makes decisions for another person while nlhymu does not, so nzsxxbqs is not less decisive than nlhymu
uali makes decisions for another person while gtiedfgfed does not, so uali is not less decisive than gtiedfgfed
twno makes decisions for another person while uijtphldai does not, so twno is not less decisive than uijtphldai
tbzbt makes decisions for another person while vqgguxtvvjm does not, so tbzbt is not less decisive than vqgguxtvvjm
kagcgzwnfzm makes decisions for another person while rag does not, so kagcgzwnfzm is not less decisive than rag
kmvujuae makes decisions for another person while djee does not, so djee is not more decisive than kmvujuae
gdlpukp makes decisions for another person while qztehuly does not, so qztehuly is not more decisive than gdlpukp
hfcvizlmsd makes decisions for another person while yyhapfhyc does not, so yyhapfhyc is not more decisive than hfcvizlmsd
jtihiahokfz makes decisions for another person while lhrppxhoz does not, so lhrppxhoz is not more decisive than jtihiahokfz
xbuvq makes decisions for another person while exgqbgdbchrs does not, so exgqbgdbchrs is not more decisive than xbuvq
vxn takes another person to the circus while utmwfevn does not, so vxn is more ready than utmwfevn
hjza takes another person to the circus while ixfrgulxj does not, so hjza is more ready than ixfrgulxj
xmumytdsdl takes another person to the circus while dfvjfpkbv does not, so xmumytdsdl is more ready than dfvjfpkbv
ysmvwxmdn takes another person to the circus while rirwhvbazebb does not, so ysmvwxmdn is more ready than rirwhvbazebb
xlmy takes another person to the circus while zsed does not, so xlmy is more ready than zsed
hioy takes another person to the circus while cnvlyyitzmxg does not, so cnvlyyitzmxg is less ready than hioy
ice takes another person to the circus while lquujwq does not, so lquujwq is less ready than ice
oezyk takes another person to the circus while yzxotvat does not, so yzxotvat is less ready than oezyk
uxinj takes another person to the circus while jdssncltis does not, so jdssncltis is less ready than uxinj
dhzoxfwe takes another person to the circus while hqynl does not, so hqynl is less ready than dhzoxfwe
bhclmtlqjb takes another person to the circus while udjlqdyqp does not, so bhclmtlqjb is not less ready than udjlqdyqp
vgh takes another person to the circus while sesg does not, so vgh is not less ready than sesg
plkgshgy takes another person to the circus while dgbkqzrcrkj does not, so plkgshgy is not less ready than dgbkqzrcrkj
rhndnukuvqm takes another person to the circus while ggpo does not, so rhndnukuvqm is not less ready than ggpo
dmgijnf takes another person to the circus while blroqifyj does not, so dmgijnf is not less ready than blroqifyj
jwqipfa takes another person to the circus while dcxmulwcbe does not, so dcxmulwcbe is not more ready than jwqipfa
yxbtpa takes another person to the circus while arnppdigqyxk does not, so arnppdigqyxk is not more ready than yxbtpa
vtfapvuewji takes another person to the circus while evqfmspbncr does not, so evqfmspbncr is not more ready than vtfapvuewji
nvhv takes another person to the circus while bpduouccv does not, so bpduouccv is not more ready than nvhv
jdpoqvagenp takes another person to the circus while mujpti does not, so mujpti is not more ready than jdpoqvagenp
ktf steals another person away while cxaagvowlq does not, so ktf is more scary than cxaagvowlq
zzmdplbqvvt steals another person away while zmfs does not, so zzmdplbqvvt is more scary than zmfs
iny steals another person away while jac does not, so iny is more scary than jac
jcbmljpg steals another person away while mppbtcyosixo does not, so jcbmljpg is more scary than mppbtcyosixo
djdyjytq steals another person away while qgkufmsl does not, so djdyjytq is more scary than qgkufmsl
enkduhdln steals another person away while jqrcmqljezpt does not, so jqrcmqljezpt is less scary than enkduhdln
tdojdi steals another person away while duoksst does not, so duoksst is less scary than tdojdi
kdj steals another person away while segoxcrbjip does not, so segoxcrbjip is less scary than kdj
tdgwoau steals another person away while derbxmr does not, so derbxmr is less scary than tdgwoau
seuznvxg steals another person away while bekporknu does not, so bekporknu is less scary than seuznvxg
gjl steals another person away while aoxijmqzvq does not, so gjl is not less scary than aoxijmqzvq
hmxzlatq steals another person away while ufnz does not, so hmxzlatq is not less scary than ufnz
hvt steals another person away while vxx does not, so hvt is not less scary than vxx
yaeeomclkjzq steals another person away while albecsvah does not, so yaeeomclkjzq is not less scary than albecsvah
erxwzij steals another person away while zcxz does not, so erxwzij is not less scary than zcxz
rdsmpf steals another person away while vxgdyewv does not, so vxgdyewv is not more scary than rdsmpf
smjzrvb steals another person away while dkywdgkez does not, so dkywdgkez is not more scary than smjzrvb
yninpslayhow steals another person away while stdxf does not, so stdxf is not more scary than yninpslayhow
kfjzrb steals another person away while matele does not, so matele is not more scary than kfjzrb
svnpzlx steals another person away while yybozzdt does not, so yybozzdt is not more scary than svnpzlx
cwwtnpwexse becomes a father while ullwtas does not, so cwwtnpwexse is more successful than ullwtas
hqkjegxzje becomes a father while uurqkl does not, so hqkjegxzje is more successful than uurqkl
gwziachfaj becomes a father while bprxcvd does not, so gwziachfaj is more successful than bprxcvd
cvaaopx becomes a father while gjyfyo does not, so cvaaopx is more successful than gjyfyo
alpjbijld becomes a father while gsrhkfi does not, so alpjbijld is more successful than gsrhkfi
jfbaegntpznv becomes a father while eswgpsqhfl does not, so eswgpsqhfl is less successful than jfbaegntpznv
anodsxdsebo becomes a father while elypsedib does not, so elypsedib is less successful than anodsxdsebo
miffce becomes a father while gkyt does not, so gkyt is less successful than miffce
shpa becomes a father while vnn does not, so vnn is less successful than shpa
iicwlcdtje becomes a father while vlmirv does not, so vlmirv is less successful than iicwlcdtje
uozrwpfxr becomes a father while cnc does not, so uozrwpfxr is not less successful than cnc
okqikape becomes a father while mzaijkoybo does not, so okqikape is not less successful than mzaijkoybo
vjqigzamdlws becomes a father while der does not, so vjqigzamdlws is not less successful than der
kxllyhbk becomes a father while tiso does not, so kxllyhbk is not less successful than tiso
bixjfglkbvx becomes a father while wmnqdxnbfce does not, so bixjfglkbvx is not less successful than wmnqdxnbfce
vutprmfdma becomes a father while pcqrw does not, so pcqrw is not more successful than vutprmfdma
hbukgalnvzd becomes a father while nzpdn does not, so nzpdn is not more successful than hbukgalnvzd
sjf becomes a father while jnsjcwwpehl does not, so jnsjcwwpehl is not more successful than sjf
qnbsfmfbtouw becomes a father while ljeiiayycg does not, so ljeiiayycg is not more successful than qnbsfmfbtouw
rczbpgkyy becomes a father while jssdmsjv does not, so jssdmsjv is not more successful than rczbpgkyy
mrqwhbylpe plays the lottery while tnmjcmhgxla does not, so mrqwhbylpe is more irresponsible than tnmjcmhgxla
nuojollzlwu plays the lottery while ahvw does not, so nuojollzlwu is more irresponsible than ahvw
evsyu plays the lottery while tgrsakv does not, so evsyu is more irresponsible than tgrsakv
dhg plays the lottery while okmbjs does not, so dhg is more irresponsible than okmbjs
kbljxz plays the lottery while pcbmeaizyb does not, so kbljxz is more irresponsible than pcbmeaizyb
ytxogpzkzr plays the lottery while akandif does not, so akandif is less irresponsible than ytxogpzkzr
ogdrynm plays the lottery while gwezx does not, so gwezx is less irresponsible than ogdrynm
rxfrm plays the lottery while xeaxdjna does not, so xeaxdjna is less irresponsible than rxfrm
iqqcqxj plays the lottery while laszukeophnv does not, so laszukeophnv is less irresponsible than iqqcqxj
fbez plays the lottery while pucnliuon does not, so pucnliuon is less irresponsible than fbez
fdrteinarahc plays the lottery while lxwfeoal does not, so fdrteinarahc is not less irresponsible than lxwfeoal
wfmoer plays the lottery while lwelwtyz does not, so wfmoer is not less irresponsible than lwelwtyz
onktrcqxpugx plays the lottery while cryex does not, so onktrcqxpugx is not less irresponsible than cryex
wazp plays the lottery while lpntvbh does not, so wazp is not less irresponsible than lpntvbh
ogp plays the lottery while nciub does not, so ogp is not less irresponsible than nciub
fngvepzl plays the lottery while arvu does not, so arvu is not more irresponsible than fngvepzl
sorto plays the lottery while lzpiyym does not, so lzpiyym is not more irresponsible than sorto
evzbhyxyj plays the lottery while dute does not, so dute is not more irresponsible than evzbhyxyj
xwnfacjiwkh plays the lottery while gqdsphgffo does not, so gqdsphgffo is not more irresponsible than xwnfacjiwkh
krfdk plays the lottery while mxwlfm does not, so mxwlfm is not more irresponsible than krfdk
zfmuxsw finds an apartment while sqaalyasf does not, so zfmuxsw is more likely to be in an apartment than sqaalyasf
gugh finds an apartment while xgfqaax does not, so gugh is more likely to be in an apartment than xgfqaax
cuxqdg finds an apartment while oumov does not, so cuxqdg is more likely to be in an apartment than oumov
ijtcyxmusemd finds an apartment while awnyofzvaik does not, so ijtcyxmusemd is more likely to be in an apartment than awnyofzvaik
xxmxsuaymghj finds an apartment while hznp does not, so xxmxsuaymghj is more likely to be in an apartment than hznp
nhxbewnsz finds an apartment while fualour does not, so fualour is a less traveler than nhxbewnsz
ynpattyx finds an apartment while rkcpz does not, so rkcpz is a less traveler than ynpattyx
brctoe finds an apartment while qbiglhsaa does not, so qbiglhsaa is a less traveler than brctoe
fbgmtpit finds an apartment while shsp does not, so shsp is a less traveler than fbgmtpit
ymqtykimonp finds an apartment while hmbhagnlbn does not, so hmbhagnlbn is a less traveler than ymqtykimonp
xqkhm finds an apartment while ddvuqazhrf does not, so xqkhm is not less traveler than ddvuqazhrf
ndrgsagjms finds an apartment while agmdjlqhpe does not, so ndrgsagjms is not less traveler than agmdjlqhpe
wallomaccfg finds an apartment while gccwusm does not, so wallomaccfg is not less traveler than gccwusm
noibpof finds an apartment while iykdacstu does not, so noibpof is not less traveler than iykdacstu
rdaekkjeohj finds an apartment while xaff does not, so rdaekkjeohj is not less traveler than xaff
nyvg finds an apartment while akf does not, so akf is not more traveler than nyvg
aup finds an apartment while pwqjvgayaen does not, so pwqjvgayaen is not more traveler than aup
kzqwkz finds an apartment while ibk does not, so ibk is not more traveler than kzqwkz
fjuwgbpoy finds an apartment while vsgthafy does not, so vsgthafy is not more traveler than fjuwgbpoy
ipnzisdmsed finds an apartment while gckvlvx does not, so gckvlvx is not more traveler than ipnzisdmsed
kopalrlqfp brings another person something while exfyjobk does not, so kopalrlqfp is more kind than exfyjobk
eoyugroyzwwj brings another person something while oscm does not, so eoyugroyzwwj is more kind than oscm
shppuhaep brings another person something while bigejboh does not, so shppuhaep is more kind than bigejboh
ndb brings another person something while byduur does not, so ndb is more kind than byduur
pxk brings another person something while galdk does not, so pxk is more kind than galdk
cmzupfw brings another person something while abcoenbdohi does not, so abcoenbdohi is less kind than cmzupfw
rwekq brings another person something while snl does not, so snl is less kind than rwekq
tooh brings another person something while iwdsryvbbxj does not, so iwdsryvbbxj is less kind than tooh
vigd brings another person something while mbuoc does not, so mbuoc is less kind than vigd
mtdqw brings another person something while purizxggwi does not, so purizxggwi is less kind than mtdqw
svhqkwmbl brings another person something while jxicutswtu does not, so svhqkwmbl is not less kind than jxicutswtu
qyoeoheiyfi brings another person something while zhfdavypus does not, so qyoeoheiyfi is not less kind than zhfdavypus
vgb brings another person something while kqvvz does not, so vgb is not less kind than kqvvz
uhoraobtmxn brings another person something while dmhyyecwxn does not, so uhoraobtmxn is not less kind than dmhyyecwxn
fjtw brings another person something while vprxybgpe does not, so fjtw is not less kind than vprxybgpe
flvdeyujhj brings another person something while rvuzeskpxbj does not, so rvuzeskpxbj is not more kind than flvdeyujhj
dsedi brings another person something while vfis does not, so vfis is not more kind than dsedi
ptfkq brings another person something while cfx does not, so cfx is not more kind than ptfkq
rtkybp brings another person something while xrrtehy does not, so xrrtehy is not more kind than rtkybp
crrbffkem brings another person something while tlmghfa does not, so tlmghfa is not more kind than crrbffkem
gxgbbx bats another person eye while rpieopq does not, so gxgbbx is more curious than rpieopq
wssjiceumgdi bats another person eye while jkvqqd does not, so wssjiceumgdi is more curious than jkvqqd
xynsaig bats another person eye while rxqqmjw does not, so xynsaig is more curious than rxqqmjw
sovunqmif bats another person eye while hkmmsifn does not, so sovunqmif is more curious than hkmmsifn
mlsrdne bats another person eye while xbv does not, so mlsrdne is more curious than xbv
gfaa bats another person eye while qrznj does not, so qrznj is less curious than gfaa
hmkekuj bats another person eye while tlhnd does not, so tlhnd is less curious than hmkekuj
zkfoqnbbk bats another person eye while yyhbczws does not, so yyhbczws is less curious than zkfoqnbbk
xfbjy bats another person eye while iowxvnz does not, so iowxvnz is less curious than xfbjy
zgarppidlr bats another person eye while dbbqzrazwsg does not, so dbbqzrazwsg is less curious than zgarppidlr
cwxwkctxtc bats another person eye while ckrvoqan does not, so cwxwkctxtc is not less curious than ckrvoqan
arwydjw bats another person eye while lvwlhvhcy does not, so arwydjw is not less curious than lvwlhvhcy
kaeaz bats another person eye while iurulgyvdhx does not, so kaeaz is not less curious than iurulgyvdhx
lliucnhivcsu bats another person eye while fxdayz does not, so lliucnhivcsu is not less curious than fxdayz
wzjcpleqbf bats another person eye while rfkubomuzyhv does not, so wzjcpleqbf is not less curious than rfkubomuzyhv
hxskrbybclt bats another person eye while lhzgidzvfixi does not, so lhzgidzvfixi is not more curious than hxskrbybclt
htefapj bats another person eye while wwgra does not, so wwgra is not more curious than htefapj
lwa bats another person eye while rlyyaeyyiem does not, so rlyyaeyyiem is not more curious than lwa
qdndycwucfn bats another person eye while uqsqwqtz does not, so uqsqwqtz is not more curious than qdndycwucfn
vaq bats another person eye while ioxggbfuo does not, so ioxggbfuo is not more curious than vaq
ryhm drives another person up the wall while mfippjhhtimd does not, so ryhm is more crazy than mfippjhhtimd
xlldqggzeys drives another person up the wall while kvquzpee does not, so xlldqggzeys is more crazy than kvquzpee
smn drives another person up the wall while sculkdeuiajs does not, so smn is more crazy than sculkdeuiajs
nrkpw drives another person up the wall while qairskwve does not, so nrkpw is more crazy than qairskwve
ubghmuminv drives another person up the wall while ewksztytvc does not, so ubghmuminv is more crazy than ewksztytvc
denlqrs drives another person up the wall while jfcvpgcjaicq does not, so jfcvpgcjaicq is less crazy than denlqrs
fcfjpbmcg drives another person up the wall while fzghntd does not, so fzghntd is less crazy than fcfjpbmcg
cek drives another person up the wall while ebyyurryh does not, so ebyyurryh is less crazy than cek
yvbl drives another person up the wall while aujj does not, so aujj is less crazy than yvbl
qtkqtpmcpd drives another person up the wall while surwzjlrmpr does not, so surwzjlrmpr is less crazy than qtkqtpmcpd
ybbaknolkgop drives another person up the wall more than jlkqdednetg, so ybbaknolkgop is not less crazy than jlkqdednetg
mqeicnvppt drives another person up the wall more than pahqgbxqxzxn, so mqeicnvppt is not less crazy than pahqgbxqxzxn
uooxnqtkz drives another person up the wall more than qgvzsc, so uooxnqtkz is not less crazy than qgvzsc
aowdgg drives another person up the wall more than gotxkx, so aowdgg is not less crazy than gotxkx
qdtfenivcsnu drives another person up the wall more than wwhnjdyupoti, so qdtfenivcsnu is not less crazy than wwhnjdyupoti
cfrnz drives another person up the wall more than rlxbjqyzqmh, so rlxbjqyzqmh is not less crazy than cfrnz
fztscn drives another person up the wall more than ttng, so ttng is not less crazy than fztscn
rjww drives another person up the wall more than ilxvhez, so ilxvhez is not less crazy than rjww
igvthmpzqr drives another person up the wall more than hosqfihwlzpb, so hosqfihwlzpb is not less crazy than igvthmpzqr
wrpobtf drives another person up the wall more than yjdxsgsfecc, so yjdxsgsfecc is not less crazy than wrpobtf
uetwai helps another person get up while uqhuvrbvbv does not, so uetwai is more helpful than uqhuvrbvbv
ouyyyjesxzqa helps another person get up while gxbumrzsrl does not, so ouyyyjesxzqa is more helpful than gxbumrzsrl
uafkuj helps another person get up while rvahsrzzyo does not, so uafkuj is more helpful than rvahsrzzyo
ikdcigdgrg helps another person get up while diywfcyk does not, so ikdcigdgrg is more helpful than diywfcyk
lnu helps another person get up while tnhoxqmklmdc does not, so lnu is more helpful than tnhoxqmklmdc
kxfwmdijgdh helps another person get up while sph does not, so sph is less helpful than kxfwmdijgdh
yvmunz helps another person get up while cbjhkeqpsnu does not, so cbjhkeqpsnu is less helpful than yvmunz
wiyheclpq helps another person get up while xzjl does not, so xzjl is less helpful than wiyheclpq
qiceyqba helps another person get up while nznnbcxwv does not, so nznnbcxwv is less helpful than qiceyqba
vkl helps another person get up while ubtfqwsaypi does not, so ubtfqwsaypi is less helpful than vkl
lszfsc helps another person get up while wkmmcmttwswb does not, so lszfsc is not less helpful than wkmmcmttwswb
tnzhbqa helps another person get up while dajfmdkaqt does not, so tnzhbqa is not less helpful than dajfmdkaqt
fjonohx helps another person get up while efb does not, so fjonohx is not less helpful than efb
squjzraqhkf helps another person get up while uebasp does not, so squjzraqhkf is not less helpful than uebasp
slyzdquzohj helps another person get up while qauzraw does not, so slyzdquzohj is not less helpful than qauzraw
pjasomzqv helps another person get up while uue does not, so uue is not more helpful than pjasomzqv
qcxi helps another person get up while vaawhiasptq does not, so vaawhiasptq is not more helpful than qcxi
lhxdltoj helps another person get up while stn does not, so stn is not more helpful than lhxdltoj
unjjugghsacc helps another person get up while cfv does not, so cfv is not more helpful than unjjugghsacc
dilbpchymvt helps another person get up while meelsnjrawc does not, so meelsnjrawc is not more helpful than dilbpchymvt
dquzenbrc races their friend while ubbte does not, so dquzenbrc is more adventurous than ubbte
rnler races their friend while slekqnc does not, so rnler is more adventurous than slekqnc
ivwecpvlkuvr races their friend while svbvtfmmfq does not, so ivwecpvlkuvr is more adventurous than svbvtfmmfq
pxprra races their friend while ryggmjvav does not, so pxprra is more adventurous than ryggmjvav
lqlp races their friend while kil does not, so lqlp is more adventurous than kil
kov races their friend while vhnjdadwyajv does not, so vhnjdadwyajv is less adventurous than kov
ygvpurhltuop races their friend while cbguccez does not, so cbguccez is less adventurous than ygvpurhltuop
geihe races their friend while srvkvxsifgq does not, so srvkvxsifgq is less adventurous than geihe
enoiy races their friend while mmyraush does not, so mmyraush is less adventurous than enoiy
wozoceibl races their friend while ktpjqqln does not, so ktpjqqln is less adventurous than wozoceibl
caseyjotz races their friend while woxuf does not, so caseyjotz is not less adventurous than woxuf
xyhktmbv races their friend while dehbchswy does not, so xyhktmbv is not less adventurous than dehbchswy
saeqjnrbwql races their friend while wmxhsdphr does not, so saeqjnrbwql is not less adventurous than wmxhsdphr
ykrjclousv races their friend while quxktnesabc does not, so ykrjclousv is not less adventurous than quxktnesabc
snlnati races their friend while clskgjrls does not, so snlnati is not less adventurous than clskgjrls
tmqutovnech races their friend while hseveebvk does not, so hseveebvk is not more adventurous than tmqutovnech
fqbpzqidi races their friend while rrxpalycpwf does not, so rrxpalycpwf is not more adventurous than fqbpzqidi
vgylql races their friend while ifyabt does not, so ifyabt is not more adventurous than vgylql
wkkdb races their friend while vtwrrvawxofk does not, so vtwrrvawxofk is not more adventurous than wkkdb
dxwyiodsfdoa races their friend while jcgkknn does not, so jcgkknn is not more adventurous than dxwyiodsfdoa
ymr publishes another person account while vjr does not, so ymr is more brave than vjr
evc publishes another person account while luwkektew does not, so evc is more brave than luwkektew
tklta publishes another person account while ofa does not, so tklta is more brave than ofa
uoaaqxzaei publishes another person account while ihjtw does not, so uoaaqxzaei is more brave than ihjtw
cttmtjq publishes another person account while ihipekpcwxo does not, so cttmtjq is more brave than ihipekpcwxo
ymvcbzxjtdi publishes another person account while bsxezjjxsuq does not, so bsxezjjxsuq is less brave than ymvcbzxjtdi
kmzlbt publishes another person account while ekipampedmbg does not, so ekipampedmbg is less brave than kmzlbt
mnvnlzy publishes another person account while mvalfkshwv does not, so mvalfkshwv is less brave than mnvnlzy
vfksupz publishes another person account while qpfphudqd does not, so qpfphudqd is less brave than vfksupz
zwdkrgz publishes another person account while zjcpefrckyb does not, so zjcpefrckyb is less brave than zwdkrgz
ypxnyn publishes another person account while knzwmlmvf does not, so ypxnyn is not less brave than knzwmlmvf
rkmhjltgqtz publishes another person account while nklffvojg does not, so rkmhjltgqtz is not less brave than nklffvojg
xxfxusiccqp publishes another person account while ydqkdx does not, so xxfxusiccqp is not less brave than ydqkdx
swbcnmhpho publishes another person account while eenqubo does not, so swbcnmhpho is not less brave than eenqubo
vijyu publishes another person account while exfbcbgdky does not, so vijyu is not less brave than exfbcbgdky
pihxgqysv publishes another person account while gcvuujuuhqz does not, so gcvuujuuhqz is not more brave than pihxgqysv
rmqjxfqo publishes another person account while jkdshxxmff does not, so jkdshxxmff is not more brave than rmqjxfqo
squdevnyf publishes another person account while edksvhaaw does not, so edksvhaaw is not more brave than squdevnyf
zgki publishes another person account while zot does not, so zot is not more brave than zgki
oxhxgplbp publishes another person account while ouhtulkiv does not, so ouhtulkiv is not more brave than oxhxgplbp
bou says uncle is tired while hvkhyk is not, so bou is more tired than hvkhyk
jadyc says uncle is tired while satkcuuocks is not, so jadyc is more tired than satkcuuocks
nrshrfnj says uncle is tired while wtoqmijpylrd is not, so nrshrfnj is more tired than wtoqmijpylrd
wbjfkiphhvaz says uncle is tired while qwuezy is not, so wbjfkiphhvaz is more tired than qwuezy
brd says uncle is tired while jkubrvmepp is not, so brd is more tired than jkubrvmepp
zjwdckzqltbw says uncle is tired while asemkyfzkaj is not, so asemkyfzkaj is less tired than zjwdckzqltbw
jsmie says uncle is tired while erjmmdumxcb is not, so erjmmdumxcb is less tired than jsmie
trchhsidvh says uncle is tired while fkjhvscatck is not, so fkjhvscatck is less tired than trchhsidvh
azj says uncle is tired while aksvxp is not, so aksvxp is less tired than azj
uvxrwk says uncle is tired while vcptd is not, so vcptd is less tired than uvxrwk
gxbkoi says uncle is tired while ufjefigcgo is not, so gxbkoi is not less tired than ufjefigcgo
uoqhbd says uncle is tired while urvqvyjts is not, so uoqhbd is not less tired than urvqvyjts
znmsurbnang says uncle is tired while tbngmw is not, so znmsurbnang is not less tired than tbngmw
uxaricao says uncle is tired while hvfaxixkwi is not, so uxaricao is not less tired than hvfaxixkwi
hagmrtbuftb says uncle is tired while tfbybaxdprh is not, so hagmrtbuftb is not less tired than tfbybaxdprh
qvsflojsfbfv says uncle is not more tired than ovs, so ovs is not more tired than qvsflojsfbfv
ugwwgwsetlw says uncle is not more tired than oxndak, so oxndak is not more tired than ugwwgwsetlw
sjr says uncle is not more tired than hsfmdzu, so hsfmdzu is not more tired than sjr
hmnwlcln says uncle is not more tired than iszfhbexnz, so iszfhbexnz is not more tired than hmnwlcln
llkyibgnkn says uncle is not more tired than cqsjdwb, so cqsjdwb is not more tired than llkyibgnkn
ewzhze feels very lonely while lirixrttbcz does not, so ewzhze is more solitary than lirixrttbcz
rqwuaaf feels very lonely while htmynp does not, so rqwuaaf is more solitary than htmynp
deq feels very lonely while nzzveaprr does not, so deq is more solitary than nzzveaprr
hxze feels very lonely while fhvqmlusfq does not, so hxze is more solitary than fhvqmlusfq
rureuw feels very lonely while bapgy does not, so rureuw is more solitary than bapgy
dzab feels very lonely while sxzoxxsaf does not, so sxzoxxsaf is less solitary than dzab
lqahgpyzhd feels very lonely while wlgktcfaiug does not, so wlgktcfaiug is less solitary than lqahgpyzhd
iosoxgzbcyc feels very lonely while vuwtbhvmqji does not, so vuwtbhvmqji is less solitary than iosoxgzbcyc
ostrvxwuv feels very lonely while jjugt does not, so jjugt is less solitary than ostrvxwuv
zypbpopdtif feels very lonely while norpseunmn does not, so norpseunmn is less solitary than zypbpopdtif
nqmcasue feels very lonely while dktlvcshvnrm does not, so nqmcasue is not less solitary than dktlvcshvnrm
magaremq feels very lonely while obvbhahez does not, so magaremq is not less solitary than obvbhahez
eck feels very lonely while ljykbcx does not, so eck is not less solitary than ljykbcx
vfvfmamvvn feels very lonely while vibz does not, so vfvfmamvvn is not less solitary than vibz
zszhjlnmrf feels very lonely while bbqcyudzidgh does not, so zszhjlnmrf is not less solitary than bbqcyudzidgh
xyc feels very lonely while fwhlwtipcml does not, so fwhlwtipcml is not more solitary than xyc
sxtyjyamhg feels very lonely while mjbsqigavq does not, so mjbsqigavq is not more solitary than sxtyjyamhg
ehyt feels very lonely while opyexnkja does not, so opyexnkja is not more solitary than ehyt
hejwsnl feels very lonely while qskkuqk does not, so qskkuqk is not more solitary than hejwsnl
grahythm feels very lonely while bfd does not, so bfd is not more solitary than grahythm
nvnpzgmhgith buys their first house while utnlrlqko does not, so nvnpzgmhgith is more thoughtful than utnlrlqko
agnxfjvsbhm buys their first house while lukdk does not, so agnxfjvsbhm is more thoughtful than lukdk
muv buys their first house while sgosnwontdxy does not, so muv is more thoughtful than sgosnwontdxy
xxgnheuqq buys their first house while thirxgovgb does not, so xxgnheuqq is more thoughtful than thirxgovgb
hczqorrdhp buys their first house while aqn does not, so hczqorrdhp is more thoughtful than aqn
dvmdwcs buys their first house while uzkigsj does not, so uzkigsj is less thoughtful than dvmdwcs
otlyd buys their first house while tdkd does not, so tdkd is less thoughtful than otlyd
gdrdmc buys their first house while zfluaukglh does not, so zfluaukglh is less thoughtful than gdrdmc
rie buys their first house while rcxl does not, so rcxl is less thoughtful than rie
ealqpegghup buys their first house while rostrefscu does not, so rostrefscu is less thoughtful than ealqpegghup
abqvfuaph buys their first house while dcutuhmg does not, so abqvfuaph is not less thoughtful than dcutuhmg
dxcogiddmia buys their first house while qwuyzcf does not, so dxcogiddmia is not less thoughtful than qwuyzcf
ayhz buys their first house while lublrnmrire does not, so ayhz is not less thoughtful than lublrnmrire
duizrmpuzjpu buys their first house while hgvpyok does not, so duizrmpuzjpu is not less thoughtful than hgvpyok
chuan buys their first house while duanppvjqla does not, so chuan is not less thoughtful than duanppvjqla
stqxmxa buys their first house while okz does not, so okz is not more thoughtful than stqxmxa
pwcxk buys their first house while uhvvjrwm does not, so uhvvjrwm is not more thoughtful than pwcxk
fwhwgtxuqxrq buys their first house while nwcz does not, so nwcz is not more thoughtful than fwhwgtxuqxrq
kdxdtme buys their first house while akutauicvqhn does not, so akutauicvqhn is not more thoughtful than kdxdtme
ozmaduidd buys their first house while fjtkkykdt does not, so fjtkkykdt is not more thoughtful than ozmaduidd
agchqim comes with the territory while msga does not, so agchqim is more included than msga
zxhdqwoob comes with the territory while kmwcwttuds does not, so zxhdqwoob is more included than kmwcwttuds
bnxlx comes with the territory while lyokbaxxdxjz does not, so bnxlx is more included than lyokbaxxdxjz
rdj comes with the territory while oqtnjo does not, so rdj is more included than oqtnjo
pqkijs comes with the territory while fkyoasgijllw does not, so pqkijs is more included than fkyoasgijllw
sknfxtrv comes with the territory while kvzsbzncrff does not, so kvzsbzncrff is less included than sknfxtrv
eah comes with the territory while vvg does not, so vvg is less included than eah
pdzviikffr comes with the territory while fvilghogwm does not, so fvilghogwm is less included than pdzviikffr
snvlqsqr comes with the territory while glezo does not, so glezo is less included than snvlqsqr
gdew comes with the territory while bxudla does not, so bxudla is less included than gdew
riiapbdzmm comes with the territory while ueqi does not, so riiapbdzmm is not less included than ueqi
tphivk comes with the territory while zdy does not, so tphivk is not less included than zdy
mzkr comes with the territory while qzmljsgqlc does not, so mzkr is not less included than qzmljsgqlc
yvsvmfq comes with the territory while qpxlzr does not, so yvsvmfq is not less included than qpxlzr
nvpxtwqgqnxz comes with the territory while lqfktqjoryo does not, so nvpxtwqgqnxz is not less included than lqfktqjoryo
dysal comes with the territory while usihbjh does not, so usihbjh is not more included than dysal
uuxexvzca comes with the territory while fkfbg does not, so fkfbg is not more included than uuxexvzca
zcfszckodq comes with the territory while szsfzb does not, so szsfzb is not more included than zcfszckodq
ktqp comes with the territory while oopgumvwdqpg does not, so oopgumvwdqpg is not more included than ktqp
tnzzygg comes with the territory while uelxlrorppx does not, so uelxlrorppx is not more included than tnzzygg
udmpfnubqj takes the leash while zrhr does not, so udmpfnubqj is more dutiful than zrhr
niazmbs takes the leash while nmk does not, so niazmbs is more dutiful than nmk
gmsnb takes the leash while gzzei does not, so gmsnb is more dutiful than gzzei
chmjaqn takes the leash while xynnl does not, so chmjaqn is more dutiful than xynnl
nap takes the leash while jsf does not, so nap is more dutiful than jsf
dyndzdjw takes the leash while lwp does not, so lwp is less dutiful than dyndzdjw
wldgyfub takes the leash while bdrsuuiyaoqd does not, so bdrsuuiyaoqd is less dutiful than wldgyfub
iesxulvzt takes the leash while encnmkcmpsai does not, so encnmkcmpsai is less dutiful than iesxulvzt
ibdugaftpwh takes the leash while rpetajarax does not, so rpetajarax is less dutiful than ibdugaftpwh
izqdrlqusbi takes the leash while uxtfgjq does not, so uxtfgjq is less dutiful than izqdrlqusbi
tyry takes the leash while xxygxrndn does not, so tyry is not less dutiful than xxygxrndn
lleqcgs takes the leash while vzhyvm does not, so lleqcgs is not less dutiful than vzhyvm
rwlqnhjcy takes the leash while yjqby does not, so rwlqnhjcy is not less dutiful than yjqby
wjvf takes the leash while pwccg does not, so wjvf is not less dutiful than pwccg
rwulawfnpqo takes the leash while kdy does not, so rwulawfnpqo is not less dutiful than kdy
dhps takes the leash while rwwjoypjozcw does not, so rwwjoypjozcw is not more dutiful than dhps
xgnl takes the leash while mfygxsom does not, so mfygxsom is not more dutiful than xgnl
ulcuhgbx takes the leash while vqud does not, so vqud is not more dutiful than ulcuhgbx
omvbhfqnykzb takes the leash while tgmahqecej does not, so tgmahqecej is not more dutiful than omvbhfqnykzb
kkp takes the leash while eprnnifdctpy does not, so eprnnifdctpy is not more dutiful than kkp
iucushwsmbg wants to stay while rooujk does not, so iucushwsmbg is more committed than rooujk
dxytphd wants to stay while vshnijljp does not, so dxytphd is more committed than vshnijljp
lgvvb wants to stay while raromur does not, so lgvvb is more committed than raromur
tgtcwagglhx wants to stay while xms does not, so tgtcwagglhx is more committed than xms
ibjcht wants to stay while tnrea does not, so ibjcht is more committed than tnrea
lqgyazz wants to stay while iszx does not, so iszx is less committed than lqgyazz
cnvztdjcyl wants to stay while rzlzctmkaq does not, so rzlzctmkaq is less committed than cnvztdjcyl
auozhtugs wants to stay while vxriuku does not, so vxriuku is less committed than auozhtugs
luhcjv wants to stay while jnceelfrshys does not, so jnceelfrshys is less committed than luhcjv
yazut wants to stay while wld does not, so wld is less committed than yazut
kawgt wants to stay while ctpj does not, so kawgt is not less committed than ctpj
zylmbqxgtv wants to stay while ajm does not, so zylmbqxgtv is not less committed than ajm
wmdgd wants to stay while tvaecnvjalnk does not, so wmdgd is not less committed than tvaecnvjalnk
uljmpupil wants to stay while rgub does not, so uljmpupil is not less committed than rgub
wbneph wants to stay while zywaandqg does not, so wbneph is not less committed than zywaandqg
kuwmrbbaiwga wants to stay while ziw does not, so ziw is not more committed than kuwmrbbaiwga
zingugsgild wants to stay while ibrtrjbzddeb does not, so ibrtrjbzddeb is not more committed than zingugsgild
yzym wants to stay while oiusgf does not, so oiusgf is not more committed than yzym
leqzhxjsql wants to stay while jqhnvkqu does not, so jqhnvkqu is not more committed than leqzhxjsql
nkevf wants to stay while gcdfeo does not, so gcdfeo is not more committed than nkevf
wij breaks another person's arm while lxq does not, so wij is more violent than lxq
bssz breaks another person's arm while nsjvhbfcbh does not, so bssz is more violent than nsjvhbfcbh
wnbdqn breaks another person's arm while yhbktkjve does not, so wnbdqn is more violent than yhbktkjve
ncaakfcoxo breaks another person's arm while lsvsrwazwv does not, so ncaakfcoxo is more violent than lsvsrwazwv
pfr breaks another person's arm while vmnvakxf does not, so pfr is more violent than vmnvakxf
gbpb breaks another person's arm while vmpam does not, so vmpam is less violent than gbpb
qfuepuifi breaks another person's arm while lsly does not, so lsly is less violent than qfuepuifi
jpeh breaks another person's arm while pqbxmfuwjnn does not, so pqbxmfuwjnn is less violent than jpeh
bleocvmcv breaks another person's arm while vesqiu does not, so vesqiu is less violent than bleocvmcv
qpmrszxwma breaks another person's arm while lknuwudiq does not, so lknuwudiq is less violent than qpmrszxwma
zas breaks another person's arm while svx does not, so zas is not less violent than svx
kskym breaks another person's arm while qwipbmb does not, so kskym is not less violent than qwipbmb
cdeiqtw breaks another person's arm while xvohhy does not, so cdeiqtw is not less violent than xvohhy
efahacztbqgx breaks another person's arm while azrpvcdgjy does not, so efahacztbqgx is not less violent than azrpvcdgjy
uvcklmhgves breaks another person's arm while hly does not, so uvcklmhgves is not less violent than hly
jfn breaks another person's arm while pfpczlsdrim does not, so pfpczlsdrim is not more violent than jfn
ydbf breaks another person's arm while ope does not, so ope is not more violent than ydbf
xccgybaebel breaks another person's arm while uahuwwnolesa does not, so uahuwwnolesa is not more violent than xccgybaebel
xsfbetsx breaks another person's arm while biyubwac does not, so biyubwac is not more violent than xsfbetsx
tmjxwzl breaks another person's arm while xivaycio does not, so xivaycio is not more violent than tmjxwzl
vdncpx gets so angry while wcmgjjb does not, so vdncpx is more moody than wcmgjjb
lrpmfhx gets so angry while utiibrhgnop does not, so lrpmfhx is more moody than utiibrhgnop
tznihrtyepkk gets so angry while ikhv does not, so tznihrtyepkk is more moody than ikhv
qebfgudzs gets so angry while zwiqiigx does not, so qebfgudzs is more moody than zwiqiigx
lcuohvwfx gets so angry while jpdxulcgmta does not, so lcuohvwfx is more moody than jpdxulcgmta
iajmxcgvsgyn gets so angry while ojazezdgje does not, so ojazezdgje is less moody than iajmxcgvsgyn
ynqbghwqnjj gets so angry while mswotbakvbtc does not, so mswotbakvbtc is less moody than ynqbghwqnjj
vlndxczufg gets so angry while seif does not, so seif is less moody than vlndxczufg
jwhexsdqzem gets so angry while cop does not, so cop is less moody than jwhexsdqzem
mtmthhkqwdlk gets so angry while higjjd does not, so higjjd is less moody than mtmthhkqwdlk
fnwpi gets so angry while tiiee does not, so fnwpi is not less moody than tiiee
otdsrqxs gets so angry while bqsyrwfsy does not, so otdsrqxs is not less moody than bqsyrwfsy
asdjeytwaup gets so angry while xrxggsclirtk does not, so asdjeytwaup is not less moody than xrxggsclirtk
kngx gets so angry while apuocdbm does not, so kngx is not less moody than apuocdbm
zorj gets so angry while nnd does not, so zorj is not less moody than nnd
ydzmtvabyzyw gets so angry while egkqtvmbgggf does not, so egkqtvmbgggf is not more moody than ydzmtvabyzyw
ewhrvciagkd gets so angry while qifta does not, so qifta is not more moody than ewhrvciagkd
usvjxujupa gets so angry while awrfc does not, so awrfc is not more moody than usvjxujupa
rrhttygxrv gets so angry while djanrvlffl does not, so djanrvlffl is not more moody than rrhttygxrv
scv gets so angry while riaesyhdqq does not, so riaesyhdqq is not more moody than scv
enjcsfa takes their mom while gtbpkx does not, so enjcsfa is less mean than gtbpkx
zlfhwnvczjuc takes their mom while jelyefkjkm does not, so zlfhwnvczjuc is less mean than jelyefkjkm
yonzxjnifhvp takes their mom while ozc does not, so yonzxjnifhvp is less mean than ozc
mcwocslcq takes their mom while tceuax does not, so mcwocslcq is less mean than tceuax
zgnvqmo takes their mom while fpuschbgosna does not, so zgnvqmo is less mean than fpuschbgosna
dtvoxlv takes their mom while dafxjrko does not, so dafxjrko is less mean than dtvoxlv
dykd takes their mom while lmfmwyouw does not, so lmfmwyouw is less mean than dykd
fxgwhgl takes their mom while vavwuatxpujk does not, so vavwuatxpujk is less mean than fxgwhgl
bbulqvcapjq takes their mom while arnlvd does not, so arnlvd is less mean than bbulqvcapjq
kdwovpq takes their mom while thpeiphdornl does not, so thpeiphdornl is less mean than kdwovpq
bsguoizo takes their mom while srbyohweumv does not, so bsguoizo is not less mean than srbyohweumv
vrgvb takes their mom while srxpitilqcu does not, so vrgvb is not less mean than srxpitilqcu
ydfgqkgu takes their mom while yhwygvqwdin does not, so ydfgqkgu is not less mean than yhwygvqwdin
pxovwk takes their mom while mhyrh does not, so pxovwk is not less mean than mhyrh
wvpdqlf takes their mom while hqdsmnxj does not, so wvpdqlf is not less mean than hqdsmnxj
pmqjxgoierxr takes their mom while gkwihjyq does not, so gkwihjyq is not more mean than pmqjxgoierxr
fzvgna takes their mom while bfydljch does not, so bfydljch is not more mean than fzvgna
fjpoh takes their mom while ejsufmtkvlbx does not, so ejsufmtkvlbx is not more mean than fjpoh
odbgunjbmsmv takes their mom while najyu does not, so najyu is not more mean than odbgunjbmsmv
uhut takes their mom while ijy does not, so ijy is not more mean than uhut
hzfbbpipaj goes car shopping while ojvb does not, so hzfbbpipaj is less energetic than ojvb
elszgod goes car shopping while octih does not, so elszgod is less energetic than octih
oimas goes car shopping while hgovtby does not, so oimas is less energetic than hgovtby
kszp goes car shopping while azaqizx does not, so kszp is less energetic than azaqizx
rlnsjcmfxr goes car shopping while oovr does not, so rlnsjcmfxr is less energetic than oovr
derhwbfd goes car shopping while efswyoxtwwzg does not, so efswyoxtwwzg is less energetic than derhwbfd
zgijiyendx goes car shopping while vpnhgvplbtdt does not, so vpnhgvplbtdt is less energetic than zgijiyendx
hadeg goes car shopping while qfajxzqso does not, so qfajxzqso is less energetic than hadeg
uupavwoz goes car shopping while xymzlsu does not, so xymzlsu is less energetic than uupavwoz
pwubhooonhjn goes car shopping while qwxdquins does not, so qwxdquins is less energetic than pwubhooonhjn
vdapkatnvwsh goes car shopping while vrxcsbion does not, so vdapkatnvwsh is not less energetic than vrxcsbion
cikvqew goes car shopping while udwofgrhpor does not, so cikvqew is not less energetic than udwofgrhpor
klyddyilfb goes car shopping while qnxxoaw does not, so klyddyilfb is not less energetic than qnxxoaw
zfnicuwxc goes car shopping while cdrue does not, so zfnicuwxc is not less energetic than cdrue
aqzkttuweh goes car shopping while xksllwlwqvf does not, so aqzkttuweh is not less energetic than xksllwlwqvf
octpglcrk goes car shopping while wbdxobx does not, so wbdxobx is not more energetic than octpglcrk
tczappt goes car shopping while xewcnewrfmmn does not, so xewcnewrfmmn is not more energetic than tczappt
nqybcd goes car shopping while zpxpglwwm does not, so zpxpglwwm is not more energetic than nqybcd
elhpue goes car shopping while zrpq does not, so zrpq is not more energetic than elhpue
ydnb goes car shopping while emdbdy does not, so emdbdy is not more energetic than ydnb
uhdncdgt schedules an interview while fodngwhzk does not, so uhdncdgt is more ambitious than fodngwhzk
ktm schedules an interview while juh does not, so ktm is more ambitious than juh
lqgvuc schedules an interview while fqh does not, so lqgvuc is more ambitious than fqh
invbjodrl schedules an interview while jfpemifsbafw does not, so invbjodrl is more ambitious than jfpemifsbafw
mhwyrcym schedules an interview while tyctqgw does not, so mhwyrcym is more ambitious than tyctqgw
ycchftop schedules an interview while obcpiz does not, so obcpiz is less ambitious than ycchftop
ktmkwjw schedules an interview while snpksjsmrih does not, so snpksjsmrih is less ambitious than ktmkwjw
rthvopmichq schedules an interview while xmyb does not, so xmyb is less ambitious than rthvopmichq
chvextvz schedules an interview while nnhbpzembl does not, so nnhbpzembl is less ambitious than chvextvz
xuvk schedules an interview while zuyaty does not, so zuyaty is less ambitious than xuvk
cxvftlwkoej schedules an interview while qmqgh does not, so cxvftlwkoej is not less ambitious than qmqgh
xhxor schedules an interview while qbs does not, so xhxor is not less ambitious than qbs
pcztgkw schedules an interview while evp does not, so pcztgkw is not less ambitious than evp
thvc schedules an interview while pvj does not, so thvc is not less ambitious than pvj
rakmkjigdcet schedules an interview while kyijhcwj does not, so rakmkjigdcet is not less ambitious than kyijhcwj
yaiofr schedules an interview while vwtotenbji does not, so vwtotenbji is not more ambitious than yaiofr
ormywyj schedules an interview while rsejr does not, so rsejr is not more ambitious than ormywyj
rlqhphhwe schedules an interview while cyvti does not, so cyvti is not more ambitious than rlqhphhwe
ujvaotjzr schedules an interview while sqgujdoighj does not, so sqgujdoighj is not more ambitious than ujvaotjzr
umq schedules an interview while bsk does not, so bsk is not more ambitious than umq
okwfvzm forms another person whole while suadh does not, so okwfvzm is more likely to be completing than suadh
zocneufzx forms another person whole while ilrakcdw does not, so zocneufzx is more likely to be completing than ilrakcdw
yxidvgleyqrq forms another person whole while gpj does not, so yxidvgleyqrq is more likely to be completing than gpj
vvj forms another person whole while yvxsanz does not, so vvj is more likely to be completing than yvxsanz
qevxk forms another person whole while eyu does not, so qevxk is more likely to be completing than eyu
ohx forms another person whole while jzlsd does not, so jzlsd is less capable of completing than ohx
knukgir forms another person whole while vapsynpl does not, so vapsynpl is less capable of completing than knukgir
okld forms another person whole while aczfesczbbo does not, so aczfesczbbo is less capable of completing than okld
lbadqz forms another person whole while zirvzmv does not, so zirvzmv is less capable of completing than lbadqz
ruhimrfv forms another person whole while udxasm does not, so udxasm is less capable of completing than ruhimrfv
hqnph forms another person whole while zrqif does not, so hqnph is not less capable of completing than zrqif
semypgia forms another person whole while scgiedbqnng does not, so semypgia is not less capable of completing than scgiedbqnng
phwlktxwvtgf forms another person whole while bca does not, so phwlktxwvtgf is not less capable of completing than bca
xzxw forms another person whole while rkrcxeg does not, so xzxw is not less capable of completing than rkrcxeg
dlfsf forms another person whole while lzwoxtpoqivt does not, so dlfsf is not less capable of completing than lzwoxtpoqivt
afkhp forms another person whole while quargcwtbvmt does not, so quargcwtbvmt is not more capable of completing than afkhp
zfqju forms another person whole while rezbrztpi does not, so rezbrztpi is not more capable of completing than zfqju
izrjjhz forms another person whole while unwv does not, so unwv is not more capable of completing than izrjjhz
flyealvog forms another person whole while eha does not, so eha is not more capable of completing than flyealvog
cncit forms another person whole while zlxrenpbfv does not, so zlxrenpbfv is not more capable of completing than cncit
ysp wants to go to the park while gpvs does not, so ysp is more motivated than gpvs
bxxubs wants to go to the park while vduymnks does not, so bxxubs is more motivated than vduymnks
gjbsxvvduskm wants to go to the park while itxafroymjtp does not, so gjbsxvvduskm is more motivated than itxafroymjtp
ibshodb wants to go to the park while jtqkcbbhtcv does not, so ibshodb is more motivated than jtqkcbbhtcv
xafetbiq wants to go to the park while ixqrfifjc does not, so xafetbiq is more motivated than ixqrfifjc
arhviiuvedn wants to go to the park while ioaf does not, so ioaf is less motivated than arhviiuvedn
bfzensnadubv wants to go to the park while wcp does not, so wcp is less motivated than bfzensnadubv
hwr wants to go to the park while cnxmdssk does not, so cnxmdssk is less motivated than hwr
amkstd wants to go to the park while kofbej does not, so kofbej is less motivated than amkstd
hqmsvzf wants to go to the park while pdr does not, so pdr is less motivated than hqmsvzf
drsvyil wants to go to the park while zck does not, so drsvyil is not less motivated than zck
lqbgfkwtqewi wants to go to the park while ptj does not, so lqbgfkwtqewi is not less motivated than ptj
iktikuyfxsk wants to go to the park while oygckl does not, so iktikuyfxsk is not less motivated than oygckl
ecio wants to go to the park while ovn does not, so ecio is not less motivated than ovn
tylwh wants to go to the park while wgguu does not, so tylwh is not less motivated than wgguu
dqcfxf wants to go to the park while sbkrcxvboh does not, so sbkrcxvboh is not more motivated than dqcfxf
uolrfp wants to go to the park while hfwcgjmhxk does not, so hfwcgjmhxk is not more motivated than uolrfp
rdnnsbdnr wants to go to the park while osqneojuhrw does not, so osqneojuhrw is not more motivated than rdnnsbdnr
vbrbpsdrlyee wants to go to the park while brjovvkdxn does not, so brjovvkdxn is not more motivated than vbrbpsdrlyee
zpdv wants to go to the park while jxqyfoypxc does not, so jxqyfoypxc is not more motivated than zpdv
khn seems like another person while flm does not, so khn is more similar than flm
quy seems like another person while xsoqoakwemj does not, so quy is more similar than xsoqoakwemj
lsnwlueyzs seems like another person while zlnjpye does not, so lsnwlueyzs is more similar than zlnjpye
uxxczw seems like another person while uiqdtkfer does not, so uxxczw is more similar than uiqdtkfer
dqsmkxoxutln seems like another person while qdzh does not, so dqsmkxoxutln is more similar than qdzh
rjvkfaymv seems like another person while zwfysbix does not, so zwfysbix is less similar than rjvkfaymv
rchu seems like another person while klsmrqjbjiv does not, so klsmrqjbjiv is less similar than rchu
olfxp seems like another person while ucz does not, so ucz is less similar than olfxp
vgknswbalts seems like another person while iefrw does not, so iefrw is less similar than vgknswbalts
grihhrojdtux seems like another person while nwba does not, so nwba is less similar than grihhrojdtux
zlfr seems like another person while eiz does not, so zlfr is not less similar than eiz
lhqrcdpqh seems like another person while isycuapzbrqu does not, so lhqrcdpqh is not less similar than isycuapzbrqu
iquas seems like another person while aicnn does not, so iquas is not less similar than aicnn
xscrcjylsj seems like another person while bgbdmizwqdmx does not, so xscrcjylsj is not less similar than bgbdmizwqdmx
hay seems like another person while wytn does not, so hay is not less similar than wytn
hwqdvk seems like another person while ksgekaru does not, so ksgekaru is not more similar than hwqdvk
diwxcpg seems like another person while gdnorjiwdu does not, so gdnorjiwdu is not more similar than diwxcpg
znsyxax seems like another person while hnl does not, so hnl is not more similar than znsyxax
labltocj seems like another person while rplmvt does not, so rplmvt is not more similar than labltocj
aejlsbq seems like another person while doivcc does not, so doivcc is not more similar than aejlsbq
sdhj maintains another person level while ryogtvgrs does not, so sdhj is more competitive than ryogtvgrs
nax maintains another person level while cgvpdiafvay does not, so nax is more competitive than cgvpdiafvay
hlpqbwkw maintains another person level while xbtpxfj does not, so hlpqbwkw is more competitive than xbtpxfj
rxbnaizwulas maintains another person level while zvxxw does not, so rxbnaizwulas is more competitive than zvxxw
neuj maintains another person level while qtpp does not, so neuj is more competitive than qtpp
gfguxtgr maintains another person level while vef does not, so vef is less competitive than gfguxtgr
ztshl maintains another person level while admhslpushw does not, so admhslpushw is less competitive than ztshl
ywnqeandcvav maintains another person level while dyiwludcqws does not, so dyiwludcqws is less competitive than ywnqeandcvav
gxgbw maintains another person level while olvls does not, so olvls is less competitive than gxgbw
edyhdomywi maintains another person level while bjadmo does not, so bjadmo is less competitive than edyhdomywi
fvjayacpqlg maintains another person level while wpggqz does not, so fvjayacpqlg is not less competitive than wpggqz
hzvdkdcmksaz maintains another person level while omln does not, so hzvdkdcmksaz is not less competitive than omln
gidhzw maintains another person level while ghrgdb does not, so gidhzw is not less competitive than ghrgdb
kxtgjdw maintains another person level while nlwqpuas does not, so kxtgjdw is not less competitive than nlwqpuas
cvfw maintains another person level while maqaiivesc does not, so cvfw is not less competitive than maqaiivesc
tjf maintains another person level while ksnly does not, so ksnly is not more competitive than tjf
ddqnygpycxzu maintains another person level while tyzmjbuadgr does not, so tyzmjbuadgr is not more competitive than ddqnygpycxzu
vjvsn maintains another person level while zsptrgn does not, so zsptrgn is not more competitive than vjvsn
lyzq maintains another person level while uynpytdkstrz does not, so uynpytdkstrz is not more competitive than lyzq
hvuvi maintains another person level while hdjbzmtxwhgg does not, so hdjbzmtxwhgg is not more competitive than hvuvi
ntbkwasr walks along while racgpeaeomsq does not, so ntbkwasr is more contemplative than racgpeaeomsq
yuuqthr walks along while yhlmqdsa does not, so yuuqthr is more contemplative than yhlmqdsa
sss walks along while nddj does not, so sss is more contemplative than nddj
sbnqknl walks along while vmfvk does not, so sbnqknl is more contemplative than vmfvk
yxsjioym walks along while qwlaxt does not, so yxsjioym is more contemplative than qwlaxt
varwihyghb walks along while xtai does not, so xtai is less contemplative than varwihyghb
trpixop walks along while fsbkxbwijy does not, so fsbkxbwijy is less contemplative than trpixop
ljjufgjom walks along while jojqagsl does not, so jojqagsl is less contemplative than ljjufgjom
ywtpkycvi walks along while llkszxfgzmt does not, so llkszxfgzmt is less contemplative than ywtpkycvi
xrkjv walks along while csvkaj does not, so csvkaj is less contemplative than xrkjv
nqe walks along while mcb does not, so nqe is not less contemplative than mcb
ygbsklimaiwf walks along while mrvpubu does not, so ygbsklimaiwf is not less contemplative than mrvpubu
dtuidg walks along while zxnyoktmwy does not, so dtuidg is not less contemplative than zxnyoktmwy
epipxxhu walks along while igzhrugwszu does not, so epipxxhu is not less contemplative than igzhrugwszu
uhzci walks along while ggdoresxigi does not, so uhzci is not less contemplative than ggdoresxigi
cpkcucjlggzg walks along while loghlriuiaoq does not, so loghlriuiaoq is not more contemplative than cpkcucjlggzg
swtcaxqctlj walks along while eefmk does not, so eefmk is not more contemplative than swtcaxqctlj
kdutf walks along while iuczljl does not, so iuczljl is not more contemplative than kdutf
nymxde walks along while fdr does not, so fdr is not more contemplative than nymxde
bvq walks along while kwlg does not, so kwlg is not more contemplative than bvq
kntoo does their utmost while rkccwndpm does not, so kntoo is more goal-oriented than rkccwndpm
igxewcyjhwv does their utmost while yeqr does not, so igxewcyjhwv is more goal-oriented than yeqr
yyvsrdjcju does their utmost while hvven does not, so yyvsrdjcju is more goal-oriented than hvven
ezrkptub does their utmost while lbbzm does not, so ezrkptub is more goal-oriented than lbbzm
zdc does their utmost while ezswftrn does not, so zdc is more goal-oriented than ezswftrn
csszwyzfcrs does their utmost while ygzblpahd does not, so ygzblpahd is less goal-oriented than csszwyzfcrs
qhilfhpwva does their utmost while yybqbey does not, so yybqbey is less goal-oriented than qhilfhpwva
aqvutujpsk does their utmost while zwuwzvyfmcv does not, so zwuwzvyfmcv is less goal-oriented than aqvutujpsk
hdsd does their utmost while wkhmfcald does not, so wkhmfcald is less goal-oriented than hdsd
laztigtzwb does their utmost while nxivowxgl does not, so nxivowxgl is less goal-oriented than laztigtzwb
fcy does their utmost while kytwrh does not, so fcy is not less goal-oriented than kytwrh
lqjigpgdek does their utmost while ylzf does not, so lqjigpgdek is not less goal-oriented than ylzf
gdrdnnwvmm does their utmost while fbnbrujonf does not, so gdrdnnwvmm is not less goal-oriented than fbnbrujonf
dkpckdkepexy does their utmost while cebgb does not, so dkpckdkepexy is not less goal-oriented than cebgb
qjnzwe does their utmost while awntmx does not, so qjnzwe is not less goal-oriented than awntmx
qhmamsch does their utmost while zhctfvj does not, so zhctfvj is not more goal-oriented than qhmamsch
tntkktzsrh does their utmost while nmqyp does not, so nmqyp is not more goal-oriented than tntkktzsrh
dsckshckg does their utmost while jwklsnczehw does not, so jwklsnczehw is not more goal-oriented than dsckshckg
vlhoagzqcuwi does their utmost while bssa does not, so bssa is not more goal-oriented than vlhoagzqcuwi
tfeyjz does their utmost while mdrjedny does not, so mdrjedny is not more goal-oriented than tfeyjz
lbjrn goes home for the day while oznxp does not, so lbjrn is more tired than oznxp
hxz goes home for the day while feuai does not, so hxz is more tired than feuai
vhpbuwyog goes home for the day while azouivk does not, so vhpbuwyog is more tired than azouivk
sdfwqq goes home for the day while yeeygqvanpm does not, so sdfwqq is more tired than yeeygqvanpm
jeowmvm goes home for the day while zpkccx does not, so jeowmvm is more tired than zpkccx
fcauutiabd goes home for the day while puwyrsaq does not, so puwyrsaq is less tired than fcauutiabd
terl goes home for the day while lvwaosgwmtm does not, so lvwaosgwmtm is less tired than terl
onjfh goes home for the day while rawtvttidaw does not, so rawtvttidaw is less tired than onjfh
alzhnhyiex goes home for the day while wbvabsnz does not, so wbvabsnz is less tired than alzhnhyiex
ahbp goes home for the day while zhfaqfpxt does not, so zhfaqfpxt is less tired than ahbp
ozribbkgt goes home for the day while hua does not, so ozribbkgt is not less tired than hua
fwoisetxtt goes home for the day while sgdva does not, so fwoisetxtt is not less tired than sgdva
vyckyvzxrgz goes home for the day while zpqwrkbzngh does not, so vyckyvzxrgz is not less tired than zpqwrkbzngh
rkbbfcit goes home for the day while dteegrtxzmu does not, so rkbbfcit is not less tired than dteegrtxzmu
sdaxqtsn goes home for the day while xzdkwdkt does not, so sdaxqtsn is not less tired than xzdkwdkt
dfaifocchp goes home for the day while iidgr does not, so iidgr is not more tired than dfaifocchp
qxlakcyrhdhu goes home for the day while pddwvi does not, so pddwvi is not more tired than qxlakcyrhdhu
dsydzyaxwgo goes home for the day while dzgwqfrho does not, so dzgwqfrho is not more tired than dsydzyaxwgo
fpvwxb goes home for the day while dbdcvflocp does not, so dbdcvflocp is not more tired than fpvwxb
pletugfis goes home for the day while hywxncihq does not, so hywxncihq is not more tired than pletugfis
tyeablhojnu faces an uneasy future while yanbaqdmasc does not, so tyeablhojnu is more ambiguous than yanbaqdmasc
uwnk faces an uneasy future while mnjbsexr does not, so uwnk is more ambiguous than mnjbsexr
gdgojkpuda faces an uneasy future while wshlokbeph does not, so gdgojkpuda is more ambiguous than wshlokbeph
mmiz faces an uneasy future while anzkxjmp does not, so mmiz is more ambiguous than anzkxjmp
klzr faces an uneasy future while mjpdh does not, so klzr is more ambiguous than mjpdh
nbrbszzco faces an uneasy future while nojugruaf does not, so nojugruaf is less ambiguous than nbrbszzco
yprxkmmto faces an uneasy future while ldjkefurddl does not, so ldjkefurddl is less ambiguous than yprxkmmto
fiazbdnz faces an uneasy future while phw does not, so phw is less ambiguous than fiazbdnz
chnuxxmiblrp faces an uneasy future while abriscgyksy does not, so abriscgyksy is less ambiguous than chnuxxmiblrp
ckapapxzd faces an uneasy future while zuynw does not, so zuynw is less ambiguous than ckapapxzd
uvqmor faces an uneasy future while ijmtnpawgopk does not, so uvqmor is not less ambiguous than ijmtnpawgopk
yjfoujqva faces an uneasy future while aztnjb does not, so yjfoujqva is not less ambiguous than aztnjb
pryulfojnjdl faces an uneasy future while dwuzdh does not, so pryulfojnjdl is not less ambiguous than dwuzdh
gcfzkttz faces an uneasy future while sxeyybc does not, so gcfzkttz is not less ambiguous than sxeyybc
tsvbz faces an uneasy future while xcdttc does not, so tsvbz is not less ambiguous than xcdttc
lubuzlghzr faces an uneasy future while rmgwj does not, so rmgwj is not more ambiguous than lubuzlghzr
yarzlrxgqwav faces an uneasy future while zcqlsgl does not, so zcqlsgl is not more ambiguous than yarzlrxgqwav
rfdszi faces an uneasy future while gshjdosqj does not, so gshjdosqj is not more ambiguous than rfdszi
okhowhbmbaa faces an uneasy future while xhlymg does not, so xhlymg is not more ambiguous than okhowhbmbaa
xvvltzfvex faces an uneasy future while ltyndbfdb does not, so ltyndbfdb is not more ambiguous than xvvltzfvex
aqarkdwvodr eats at the restaurant while zezdaxonq does not, so aqarkdwvodr is more lazy than zezdaxonq
hovsrzp eats at the restaurant while jhkgdgot does not, so hovsrzp is more lazy than jhkgdgot
fbraxydrlwvs eats at the restaurant while uglelrio does not, so fbraxydrlwvs is more lazy than uglelrio
xvoav eats at the restaurant while shfefh does not, so xvoav is more lazy than shfefh
iwoa eats at the restaurant while ckdy does not, so iwoa is more lazy than ckdy
jiieuhehg eats at the restaurant while aefwdp does not, so aefwdp is less lazy than jiieuhehg
xohqbtes eats at the restaurant while knbbvji does not, so knbbvji is less lazy than xohqbtes
njxkxf eats at the restaurant while mrrboz does not, so mrrboz is less lazy than njxkxf
djtxpavce eats at the restaurant while antvpu does not, so antvpu is less lazy than djtxpavce
rwwem eats at the restaurant while rrkuhgg does not, so rrkuhgg is less lazy than rwwem
jumcxlqdki eats at the restaurant while ydrktofvbgap does not, so jumcxlqdki is not less lazy than ydrktofvbgap
bnxsfqzrztxx eats at the restaurant while mvunwebsfnu does not, so bnxsfqzrztxx is not less lazy than mvunwebsfnu
brqyzvmhqi eats at the restaurant while xjgzu does not, so brqyzvmhqi is not less lazy than xjgzu
mewfqjzgg eats at the restaurant while lopxyticl does not, so mewfqjzgg is not less lazy than lopxyticl
ncuwusjwtrx eats at the restaurant while rpbcy does not, so ncuwusjwtrx is not less lazy than rpbcy
sdjbn eats at the restaurant while ljvvfuzynni does not, so ljvvfuzynni is not more lazy than sdjbn
nbk eats at the restaurant while zcwavi does not, so zcwavi is not more lazy than nbk
jdwgsfcop eats at the restaurant while vlfkcfh does not, so vlfkcfh is not more lazy than jdwgsfcop
hemlxywjaw eats at the restaurant while sogtvldmg does not, so sogtvldmg is not more lazy than hemlxywjaw
wbkvgel eats at the restaurant while akri does not, so akri is not more lazy than wbkvgel
vrlnasqor takes it to the shop while kphpgbhhaovf does not, so vrlnasqor is more responsible than kphpgbhhaovf
nezncn takes it to the shop while laihtjbrz does not, so nezncn is more responsible than laihtjbrz
dxexaujacnu takes it to the shop while jcqdsnlv does not, so dxexaujacnu is more responsible than jcqdsnlv
nhsrapwuzp takes it to the shop while emfzzmpmxg does not, so nhsrapwuzp is more responsible than emfzzmpmxg
fqcvtdyho takes it to the shop while kdrdiwwwvbzz does not, so fqcvtdyho is more responsible than kdrdiwwwvbzz
crimctcdlap takes it to the shop while stuyi does not, so stuyi is less responsible than crimctcdlap
pgdatdvf takes it to the shop while eabyksz does not, so eabyksz is less responsible than pgdatdvf
sdvkeqikv takes it to the shop while dyupgsnhgkrg does not, so dyupgsnhgkrg is less responsible than sdvkeqikv
mdy takes it to the shop while yie does not, so yie is less responsible than mdy
wwgp takes it to the shop while egkqcdyshnrw does not, so egkqcdyshnrw is less responsible than wwgp
ogj takes it to the shop while bnjiksie does not, so ogj is not less responsible than bnjiksie
ycskm takes it to the shop while xcngxytid does not, so ycskm is not less responsible than xcngxytid
mzjo takes it to the shop while grjl does not, so mzjo is not less responsible than grjl
zjdzjes takes it to the shop while dzssanoalbo does not, so zjdzjes is not less responsible than dzssanoalbo
tirjfhvattmn takes it to the shop while wlekeipacpo does not, so tirjfhvattmn is not less responsible than wlekeipacpo
ojtjps takes it to the shop while fph does not, so fph is not more responsible than ojtjps
vwfvdas takes it to the shop while mhysf does not, so mhysf is not more responsible than vwfvdas
biqrrjwf takes it to the shop while wvydmhmbnjf does not, so wvydmhmbnjf is not more responsible than biqrrjwf
naimdwy takes it to the shop while zzbiuldieig does not, so zzbiuldieig is not more responsible than naimdwy
enfclsgk takes it to the shop while vixus does not, so vixus is not more responsible than enfclsgk
tis makes a long story short while howkw does not, so tis is less creative than howkw
tsldqxqbutjf makes a long story short while xcaxnqtwv does not, so tsldqxqbutjf is less creative than xcaxnqtwv
kgq makes a long story short while yrp does not, so kgq is less creative than yrp
jsud makes a long story short while wvuutlsy does not, so jsud is less creative than wvuutlsy
lod makes a long story short while aojlfqmxtkpt does not, so lod is less creative than aojlfqmxtkpt
xyxoutyrwkrq makes a long story short while ihskzzjbxnw does not, so ihskzzjbxnw is less creative than xyxoutyrwkrq
nfizdngfveuz makes a long story short while djkc does not, so djkc is less creative than nfizdngfveuz
gxwtzsyb makes a long story short while cluxjtlqpw does not, so cluxjtlqpw is less creative than gxwtzsyb
ikmiobzo makes a long story short while jvaxn does not, so jvaxn is less creative than ikmiobzo
oblodkxmb makes a long story short while yuae does not, so yuae is less creative than oblodkxmb
gkipl makes a long story short while wdpfndbtb does not, so gkipl is not less creative than wdpfndbtb
lcz makes a long story short while scur does not, so lcz is not less creative than scur
tprajjyaqhie makes a long story short while fpcmnk does not, so tprajjyaqhie is not less creative than fpcmnk
plcaevdbe makes a long story short while ync does not, so plcaevdbe is not less creative than ync
hrn makes a long story short while bjdnqvja does not, so hrn is not less creative than bjdnqvja
fvqaszx makes a long story short while xegyiuh does not, so xegyiuh is not more creative than fvqaszx
zktfabwufkns makes a long story short while gmwg does not, so gmwg is not more creative than zktfabwufkns
spvwyr makes a long story short while zxpuxyiusmw does not, so zxpuxyiusmw is not more creative than spvwyr
uhupcaomrrbs makes a long story short while anqz does not, so anqz is not more creative than uhupcaomrrbs
zrjcpj makes a long story short while ugny does not, so ugny is not more creative than zrjcpj
sujyca wastes food while fywsvrvraxe does not, so sujyca is less stuffed than fywsvrvraxe
sxuxkuqaem wastes food while ggwuwwdlggv does not, so sxuxkuqaem is less stuffed than ggwuwwdlggv
hkdrmvyestv wastes food while iufbx does not, so hkdrmvyestv is less stuffed than iufbx
utroj wastes food while ovkwnxpvkdjh does not, so utroj is less stuffed than ovkwnxpvkdjh
sgikeqasri wastes food while dmnizwpny does not, so sgikeqasri is less stuffed than dmnizwpny
zzsyghcg wastes food while iqoktjbopij does not, so iqoktjbopij is less stuffed than zzsyghcg
rhrfxmt wastes food while qgsq does not, so qgsq is less stuffed than rhrfxmt
dgij wastes food while ucvkpifkt does not, so ucvkpifkt is less stuffed than dgij
hxgu wastes food while drygiqdiwqg does not, so drygiqdiwqg is less stuffed than hxgu
qski wastes food while lktozpd does not, so lktozpd is less stuffed than qski
zvaxfc wastes food while zovub does not, so zvaxfc is not less stuffed than zovub
fqlklgvjjpq wastes food while spnqaowda does not, so fqlklgvjjpq is not less stuffed than spnqaowda
bkkgfxmn wastes food while cnimumvgj does not, so bkkgfxmn is not less stuffed than cnimumvgj
pkkpzqf wastes food while owxvanjlzwaa does not, so pkkpzqf is not less stuffed than owxvanjlzwaa
rjpbddg wastes food while aqmjdgtizfyk does not, so rjpbddg is not less stuffed than aqmjdgtizfyk
nxztnflzxp wastes food while gdcfcsg does not, so gdcfcsg is not more stuffed than nxztnflzxp
clftvvwhv wastes food while ovsai does not, so ovsai is not more stuffed than clftvvwhv
bmxupqd wastes food while lftgahs does not, so lftgahs is not more stuffed than bmxupqd
phm wastes food while zxzkamcievcb does not, so zxzkamcievcb is not more stuffed than phm
lzyh wastes food while kiycg does not, so kiycg is not more stuffed than lzyh
stdbsiruqd pays their electric bill while tyzc does not, so stdbsiruqd is more helpful than tyzc
urom pays their electric bill while xoepv does not, so urom is more helpful than xoepv
nncffbjdo pays their electric bill while pywxwfhvp does not, so nncffbjdo is more helpful than pywxwfhvp
bshqlfxqrapx pays their electric bill while vlddwmxkwlvj does not, so bshqlfxqrapx is more helpful than vlddwmxkwlvj
nrigyrlgu pays their electric bill while eqwykfrgj does not, so nrigyrlgu is more helpful than eqwykfrgj
ztqfzbzdeope pays their electric bill while ots does not, so ots is less helpful than ztqfzbzdeope
uczkautnoaqy pays their electric bill while gfuuznksfzy does not, so gfuuznksfzy is less helpful than uczkautnoaqy
zgpxorpqhcah pays their electric bill while vistdmz does not, so vistdmz is less helpful than zgpxorpqhcah
fxafhrjv pays their electric bill while lloazjztz does not, so lloazjztz is less helpful than fxafhrjv
vtwsb pays their electric bill while sbwdnhaguo does not, so sbwdnhaguo is less helpful than vtwsb
wskkoxevtcd pays their electric bill while unrmwsb does not, so wskkoxevtcd is not less helpful than unrmwsb
ggixfuqjxa pays their electric bill while dtzu does not, so ggixfuqjxa is not less helpful than dtzu
gbco pays their electric bill while cokjfzwtfgap does not, so gbco is not less helpful than cokjfzwtfgap
qmfnfbrlcrlr pays their electric bill while kckv does not, so qmfnfbrlcrlr is not less helpful than kckv
rztjehri pays their electric bill while triqgpft does not, so rztjehri is not less helpful than triqgpft
qmbhnfnjvzi pays their electric bill while fzxzco does not, so fzxzco is not more helpful than qmbhnfnjvzi
fbajwaohvm pays their electric bill while jvmnm does not, so jvmnm is not more helpful than fbajwaohvm
szssbera pays their electric bill while xhqqrbpin does not, so xhqqrbpin is not more helpful than szssbera
uvc pays their electric bill while yhh does not, so yhh is not more helpful than uvc
ihcjlgt pays their electric bill while eyad does not, so eyad is not more helpful than ihcjlgt
mqm is able to spots check while rzywzvpx does not, so mqm is more talented than rzywzvpx
oidcsf is able to spots check while ntazteadcjmy does not, so oidcsf is more talented than ntazteadcjmy
aylwbgyufvz is able to spots check while qzuioi does not, so aylwbgyufvz is more talented than qzuioi
ksppan is able to spots check while ualebwwo does not, so ksppan is more talented than ualebwwo
avfdvpkvunjc is able to spots check while qeocu does not, so avfdvpkvunjc is more talented than qeocu
jhdphvzn can be used to spots check while yxbzz cannot, so yxbzz is less talented than jhdphvzn
filrwoa can be used to spots check while fidnnqa cannot, so fidnnqa is less talented than filrwoa
cmimlwkve can be used to spots check while drrzccdsqriz cannot, so drrzccdsqriz is less talented than cmimlwkve
pxxtdr can be used to spots check while arqpubg cannot, so arqpubg is less talented than pxxtdr
nuozfyahclbi can be used to spots check while czhhjv cannot, so czhhjv is less talented than nuozfyahclbi
niek is able to spots check while zsgulx is not, so niek is not less talented than zsgulx
qszimsubdmt is able to spots check while lvn is not, so qszimsubdmt is not less talented than lvn
btnxbdyrv is able to spots check while dgw is not, so btnxbdyrv is not less talented than dgw
aswdnhay is able to spots check while duxiwlzxvyf is not, so aswdnhay is not less talented than duxiwlzxvyf
twkrxcljcru is able to spots check while tat is not, so twkrxcljcru is not less talented than tat
zzfvojlarut is able to spots check while gzn is not, so gzn is not more talented than zzfvojlarut
kyrc is able to spots check while hdahfjpdwq is not, so hdahfjpdwq is not more talented than kyrc
mfnuebkhljgo is able to spots check while zuhjtvetf is not, so zuhjtvetf is not more talented than mfnuebkhljgo
xupptqc is able to spots check while xui is not, so xui is not more talented than xupptqc
wpgg is able to spots check while hqldugamfygl is not, so hqldugamfygl is not more talented than wpgg
ejulaljm grabs another person by the arm while aktc does not, so ejulaljm is more aggressive than aktc
fazhqq grabs another person by the arm while ciyosgk does not, so fazhqq is more aggressive than ciyosgk
cfsx grabs another person by the arm while ihchjhzc does not, so cfsx is more aggressive than ihchjhzc
onlqgum grabs another person by the arm while dtxcth does not, so onlqgum is more aggressive than dtxcth
lvyaydfxifmn grabs another person by the arm while wqgzud does not, so lvyaydfxifmn is more aggressive than wqgzud
ptpttjpknv grabs another person by the arm while snweomwovyu does not, so snweomwovyu is more aggressive than ptpttjpknv
jguszbqgattj grabs another person by the arm while xvsiezey does not, so xvsiezey is more aggressive than jguszbqgattj
hqczmmiygrca grabs another person by the arm while fjzcw does not, so fjzcw is more aggressive than hqczmmiygrca
sjpwtntgkquh grabs another person by the arm while cdjgvcnu does not, so cdjgvcnu is more aggressive than sjpwtntgkquh
wlibkdholzi grabs another person by the arm while jsrsqhwpvi does not, so jsrsqhwpvi is more aggressive than wlibkdholzi
fqfj grabs another person by the arm while zzcxtweh does not, so fqfj is not less aggressive than zzcxtweh
pvgqd grabs another person by the arm while yiofy does not, so pvgqd is not less aggressive than yiofy
owyykxe grabs another person by the arm while capowoyrkg does not, so owyykxe is not less aggressive than capowoyrkg
pej grabs another person by the arm while cbbadef does not, so pej is not less aggressive than cbbadef
kiqb grabs another person by the arm while xlsrqhosyz does not, so kiqb is not less aggressive than xlsrqhosyz
ntkrl grabs another person by the arm while iwynzklnsn does not, so iwynzklnsn is not more aggressive than ntkrl
gcalrwugrlrf grabs another person by the arm while yatovwlri does not, so yatovwlri is not more aggressive than gcalrwugrlrf
egorhh grabs another person by the arm while gcidohpr does not, so gcidohpr is not more aggressive than egorhh
urkq grabs another person by the arm while awygfhcvdh does not, so awygfhcvdh is not more aggressive than urkq
uidaxnj grabs another person by the arm while ihfnmrkb does not, so ihfnmrkb is not more aggressive than uidaxnj
dneisacs would n't stop crying while ladfjpdly did, so dneisacs is more hysterical than ladfjpdly
wygkikldal would n't stop crying while dipxmj did, so wygkikldal is more hysterical than dipxmj
pdrkui would n't stop crying while scuosoqmj did, so pdrkui is more hysterical than scuosoqmj
xmcl would n't stop crying while bgws did, so xmcl is more hysterical than bgws
uyqpb would n't stop crying while qmaxokvlx did, so uyqpb is more hysterical than qmaxokvlx
oaapkyy would n't stop crying while qvszkiqv did, so qvszkiqv is less hysterical than oaapkyy
wamfbswt would n't stop crying while tpxskxyj did, so tpxskxyj is less hysterical than wamfbswt
dhljresc would n't stop crying while phliljdqa did, so phliljdqa is less hysterical than dhljresc
tuny would n't stop crying while mwnlvk did, so mwnlvk is less hysterical than tuny
bbwsljwgcb would n't stop crying while jaebni did, so jaebni is less hysterical than bbwsljwgcb
ykhrsewyxpb would n't stop crying more than natmlbgwf, so ykhrsewyxpb is not less hysterical than natmlbgwf
ydvxkny would n't stop crying more than xtarygxjs, so ydvxkny is not less hysterical than xtarygxjs
jnwjseys would n't stop crying more than uyvpcsupzt, so jnwjseys is not less hysterical than uyvpcsupzt
fxzucebdwcv would n't stop crying more than aezw, so fxzucebdwcv is not less hysterical than aezw
ycnarxnhqw would n't stop crying more than knx, so ycnarxnhqw is not less hysterical than knx
bynbznzpjql would n't stop crying more than ynkzvyymui, so ynkzvyymui is not more hysterical than bynbznzpjql
gvzenc would n't stop crying more than faq, so faq is not more hysterical than gvzenc
cthrcxjafo would n't stop crying more than pvjeq, so pvjeq is not more hysterical than cthrcxjafo
obaj would n't stop crying more than jajjuvrselgv, so jajjuvrselgv is not more hysterical than obaj
ifzgamxi would n't stop crying more than ufigqslddmr, so ufigqslddmr is not more hysterical than ifzgamxi
ezifu takes the phone while nugjyht does not, so ezifu is more aggressive than nugjyht
evagfr takes the phone while lbetfct does not, so evagfr is more aggressive than lbetfct
ppp takes the phone while rfytazgugnqu does not, so ppp is more aggressive than rfytazgugnqu
lemobzupak takes the phone while ojmfblrmirz does not, so lemobzupak is more aggressive than ojmfblrmirz
kaizkgw takes the phone while babtampsb does not, so kaizkgw is more aggressive than babtampsb
eijiyud takes the phone while mytklmej does not, so mytklmej is less aggressive than eijiyud
ffbkw takes the phone while oyejhvawi does not, so oyejhvawi is less aggressive than ffbkw
lmjttarvu takes the phone while dixrffwfi does not, so dixrffwfi is less aggressive than lmjttarvu
stlod takes the phone while bjsh does not, so bjsh is less aggressive than stlod
inupgftz takes the phone while tvb does not, so tvb is less aggressive than inupgftz
hexr takes the phone while possjh does not, so hexr is not less aggressive than possjh
nxtgkrimrl takes the phone while ezznvlcx does not, so nxtgkrimrl is not less aggressive than ezznvlcx
nvphdblg takes the phone while hntfukp does not, so nvphdblg is not less aggressive than hntfukp
vhr takes the phone while xahdphluioel does not, so vhr is not less aggressive than xahdphluioel
sldoqez takes the phone while gdjy does not, so sldoqez is not less aggressive than gdjy
jsivlro takes the phone while vbzz does not, so vbzz is not more aggressive than jsivlro
rwamwsntsjuo takes the phone while mhrfehmapcmg does not, so mhrfehmapcmg is not more aggressive than rwamwsntsjuo
acuzmwoypu takes the phone while ecekkoval does not, so ecekkoval is not more aggressive than acuzmwoypu
xuajmyra takes the phone while qhibbihnjv does not, so qhibbihnjv is not more aggressive than xuajmyra
msaoaddde takes the phone while vkhngp does not, so vkhngp is not more aggressive than msaoaddde
btubr bakes cookies while gity does not, so btubr is more eager than gity
fghudwnrdau bakes cookies while glywlqabl does not, so fghudwnrdau is more eager than glywlqabl
cexmjjkep bakes cookies while vawxsmcq does not, so cexmjjkep is more eager than vawxsmcq
yvrorbmzcbt bakes cookies while xpyxrp does not, so yvrorbmzcbt is more eager than xpyxrp
expswmqdxwe bakes cookies while lkxlsklfztg does not, so expswmqdxwe is more eager than lkxlsklfztg
qpaqhttjb bakes cookies while hezstp does not, so hezstp is less eager than qpaqhttjb
temtazws bakes cookies while zfqqbvmunjl does not, so zfqqbvmunjl is less eager than temtazws
zxnzk bakes cookies while gnxoys does not, so gnxoys is less eager than zxnzk
ifu bakes cookies while issdfrrydq does not, so issdfrrydq is less eager than ifu
pwxnbnxjk bakes cookies while qqpqjpgsp does not, so qqpqjpgsp is less eager than pwxnbnxjk
dfjmc bakes cookies while xowmhnq does not, so dfjmc is not less eager than xowmhnq
fnnyg bakes cookies while lfgjrrtlyh does not, so fnnyg is not less eager than lfgjrrtlyh
hwjwf bakes cookies while xrfg does not, so hwjwf is not less eager than xrfg
upxexw bakes cookies while tcmhrz does not, so upxexw is not less eager than tcmhrz
wrzi bakes cookies while zrinlc does not, so wrzi is not less eager than zrinlc
kpiollw bakes cookies while dltdxtwmlu does not, so dltdxtwmlu is not more eager than kpiollw
zhz bakes cookies while yiy does not, so yiy is not more eager than zhz
jcxgocbfhdi bakes cookies while mqiwx does not, so mqiwx is not more eager than jcxgocbfhdi
vhrvdhkgp bakes cookies while tynmf does not, so tynmf is not more eager than vhrvdhkgp
svqelyq bakes cookies while dwks does not, so dwks is not more eager than svqelyq
pfpf takes another person's daughter while fogdmmgq does not, so pfpf is more mean than fogdmmgq
ocduwvbc takes another person's daughter while tryoyzk does not, so ocduwvbc is more mean than tryoyzk
tsqxmdmhbly takes another person's daughter while uizcnwdjore does not, so tsqxmdmhbly is more mean than uizcnwdjore
ybmeqfnv takes another person's daughter while ynm does not, so ybmeqfnv is more mean than ynm
nodt takes another person's daughter while bspsgz does not, so nodt is more mean than bspsgz
jem takes another person's daughter while dgetmkao does not, so dgetmkao is less mean than jem
tybhgflkmhgi takes another person's daughter while fymafl does not, so fymafl is less mean than tybhgflkmhgi
jopy takes another person's daughter while bcrrkhg does not, so bcrrkhg is less mean than jopy
kxbflzmtlqwx takes another person's daughter while umhsdgqbezdr does not, so umhsdgqbezdr is less mean than kxbflzmtlqwx
lznwwjc takes another person's daughter while jdgbdmhurdi does not, so jdgbdmhurdi is less mean than lznwwjc
xeiro takes another person's daughter while stk does not, so xeiro is not less mean than stk
vfz takes another person's daughter while xwyrhh does not, so vfz is not less mean than xwyrhh
pktptizu takes another person's daughter while nglp does not, so pktptizu is not less mean than nglp
hqorazgdi takes another person's daughter while bmqdzewwvfic does not, so hqorazgdi is not less mean than bmqdzewwvfic
wgaetlgogl takes another person's daughter while tqainuq does not, so wgaetlgogl is not less mean than tqainuq
vczrfij takes another person's daughter while zzmvjilr does not, so zzmvjilr is not more mean than vczrfij
yqyp takes another person's daughter while wwglghdnhiub does not, so wwglghdnhiub is not more mean than yqyp
yft takes another person's daughter while xost does not, so xost is not more mean than yft
lmccmndstyt takes another person's daughter while stgrcj does not, so stgrcj is not more mean than lmccmndstyt
littdrmopgeg takes another person's daughter while uzvibxw does not, so uzvibxw is not more mean than littdrmopgeg
dfw drinks the milk while akeqmpxa does not, so dfw is more health-conscious than akeqmpxa
zmswa drinks the milk while nzrrvsofekb does not, so zmswa is more health-conscious than nzrrvsofekb
jllhxibfty drinks the milk while sozqhgk does not, so jllhxibfty is more health-conscious than sozqhgk
dcmmaywp drinks the milk while zklw does not, so dcmmaywp is more health-conscious than zklw
hkeobdxjuose drinks the milk while xtrodecbs does not, so hkeobdxjuose is more health-conscious than xtrodecbs
zarg drinks the milk while ztejd does not, so ztejd is less health-conscious than zarg
disuegbmau drinks the milk while qzjrh does not, so qzjrh is less health-conscious than disuegbmau
kgxefjkkzwq drinks the milk while nhodpnhkjcd does not, so nhodpnhkjcd is less health-conscious than kgxefjkkzwq
gxow drinks the milk while nmqmziqci does not, so nmqmziqci is less health-conscious than gxow
fjs drinks the milk while nirqsarfxm does not, so nirqsarfxm is less health-conscious than fjs
jpyalikhktxp drinks the milk while vieliamsib does not, so jpyalikhktxp is not less health-conscious than vieliamsib
jxk drinks the milk while wkl does not, so jxk is not less health-conscious than wkl
apgpuoiobmih drinks the milk while yuovjg does not, so apgpuoiobmih is not less health-conscious than yuovjg
phzwusnrqopz drinks the milk while hfmuqichq does not, so phzwusnrqopz is not less health-conscious than hfmuqichq
zrmko drinks the milk while ptmiphj does not, so zrmko is not less health-conscious than ptmiphj
hqtptlza drinks the milk while cir does not, so cir is not more health-conscious than hqtptlza
iewinsosh drinks the milk while gvd does not, so gvd is not more health-conscious than iewinsosh
uaahnufbuwv drinks the milk while gkkirxshvrhm does not, so gkkirxshvrhm is not more health-conscious than uaahnufbuwv
zbsrhojzay drinks the milk while ehtqaargl does not, so ehtqaargl is not more health-conscious than zbsrhojzay
urioefb drinks the milk while ukjidzv does not, so ukjidzv is not more health-conscious than urioefb
axpi grows bored while yfczlggu does not, so axpi is more unsure than yfczlggu
kloyrujh grows bored while wgvwarav does not, so kloyrujh is more unsure than wgvwarav
dsvxxzxdqaa grows bored while ihwkbe does not, so dsvxxzxdqaa is more unsure than ihwkbe
ulftct grows bored while goshzjvxe does not, so ulftct is more unsure than goshzjvxe
zkjnum grows bored while mptfbjswhurf does not, so zkjnum is more unsure than mptfbjswhurf
esuulmhlkp grows bored while mqb does not, so mqb is less unsure than esuulmhlkp
rtlhvyldp grows bored while tfbtkvqr does not, so tfbtkvqr is less unsure than rtlhvyldp
dpxllgsjmsn grows bored while tynkjioqx does not, so tynkjioqx is less unsure than dpxllgsjmsn
xiyneoofc grows bored while ull does not, so ull is less unsure than xiyneoofc
akvlp grows bored while hcfp does not, so hcfp is less unsure than akvlp
xikeozqndov grows bored while cswxpmt does not, so xikeozqndov is not less unsure than cswxpmt
cro grows bored while zwpiat does not, so cro is not less unsure than zwpiat
gxs grows bored while xtynyajpyo does not, so gxs is not less unsure than xtynyajpyo
iurvp grows bored while kjyr does not, so iurvp is not less unsure than kjyr
vahdvtfvww grows bored while vpybyhq does not, so vahdvtfvww is not less unsure than vpybyhq
zkbl grows bored while vzffyrwt does not, so vzffyrwt is not more unsure than zkbl
yyg grows bored while ufnfxsp does not, so ufnfxsp is not more unsure than yyg
iunajged grows bored while gld does not, so gld is not more unsure than iunajged
ilcxo grows bored while qrtldxothox does not, so qrtldxothox is not more unsure than ilcxo
xutmriyt grows bored while deetuvr does not, so deetuvr is not more unsure than xutmriyt
kmzvvsuoq is familiar to another person's ear more than kinsdprlp, so kmzvvsuoq is more knowning than kinsdprlp
usotgdvb is familiar to another person's ear more than iuonsgryne, so usotgdvb is more knowning than iuonsgryne
nxuoecfdckg is familiar to another person's ear more than gexko, so nxuoecfdckg is more knowning than gexko
dwwcwbpocbjg is familiar to another person's ear more than zwyg, so dwwcwbpocbjg is more knowning than zwyg
wqzubxx is familiar to another person's ear more than lwuo, so wqzubxx is more knowning than lwuo
uwzfralefaa is familiar to another person's ear while lgwrncl is not, so lgwrncl is less knowning than uwzfralefaa
bggmxnz is familiar to another person's ear while ceilr is not, so ceilr is less knowning than bggmxnz
mbikotvny is familiar to another person's ear while szsbtc is not, so szsbtc is less knowning than mbikotvny
qmy is familiar to another person's ear while fvnx is not, so fvnx is less knowning than qmy
cwcbvkdfm is familiar to another person's ear while ndrocyqagg is not, so ndrocyqagg is less knowning than cwcbvkdfm
mihlnliyzu is familiar to another person's ear more than fyloxaqy, so mihlnliyzu is not less knowning than fyloxaqy
yxrytuy is familiar to another person's ear more than rjh, so yxrytuy is not less knowning than rjh
kxosxiev is familiar to another person's ear more than krvgh, so kxosxiev is not less knowning than krvgh
ibvrpfsbo is familiar to another person's ear more than umevlagu, so ibvrpfsbo is not less knowning than umevlagu
bujnpxnhci is familiar to another person's ear more than hgq, so bujnpxnhci is not less knowning than hgq
dlkxvnjtv is familiar to another person's ear more than arry, so arry is not more knowning than dlkxvnjtv
gpvkhoehdgyt is familiar to another person's ear more than ftpjot, so ftpjot is not more knowning than gpvkhoehdgyt
pyjrr is familiar to another person's ear more than iyamvmnfymnq, so iyamvmnfymnq is not more knowning than pyjrr
erfmjtkqj is familiar to another person's ear more than fnvzq, so fnvzq is not more knowning than erfmjtkqj
moxatwjcm is familiar to another person's ear more than hhqymtl, so hhqymtl is not more knowning than moxatwjcm
kthjabof takes another person's phone while yizezkrngydp does not, so kthjabof is more sneaky than yizezkrngydp
uwuufnj takes another person's phone while kpleslgavdjd does not, so uwuufnj is more sneaky than kpleslgavdjd
gybclu takes another person's phone while eqgbycdcze does not, so gybclu is more sneaky than eqgbycdcze
cwcxbafastpi takes another person's phone while oqesxojgsx does not, so cwcxbafastpi is more sneaky than oqesxojgsx
giaqkq takes another person's phone while bzpflikg does not, so giaqkq is more sneaky than bzpflikg
ruxwfq takes another person's phone while rexv does not, so rexv is less sneaky than ruxwfq
lbk takes another person's phone while ajypbbnwif does not, so ajypbbnwif is less sneaky than lbk
dilqti takes another person's phone while fqjctysaw does not, so fqjctysaw is less sneaky than dilqti
eyubklwbk takes another person's phone while mtk does not, so mtk is less sneaky than eyubklwbk
pmi takes another person's phone while gsriltg does not, so gsriltg is less sneaky than pmi
kizeyk takes another person's phone while xwl does not, so kizeyk is not less sneaky than xwl
wvrsvwiuhm takes another person's phone while mfo does not, so wvrsvwiuhm is not less sneaky than mfo
peq takes another person's phone while xgqfjbqpe does not, so peq is not less sneaky than xgqfjbqpe
rcjyis takes another person's phone while rdbwhtwc does not, so rcjyis is not less sneaky than rdbwhtwc
fiwcv takes another person's phone while raesfbwameh does not, so fiwcv is not less sneaky than raesfbwameh
qkpfuhp takes another person's phone while uhkrrpabii does not, so uhkrrpabii is not more sneaky than qkpfuhp
efgd takes another person's phone while jqlfhg does not, so jqlfhg is not more sneaky than efgd
infrk takes another person's phone while sdkpt does not, so sdkpt is not more sneaky than infrk
uudkknyzablv takes another person's phone while noblunalzt does not, so noblunalzt is not more sneaky than uudkknyzablv
ysecivldle takes another person's phone while bxokycgxqqdb does not, so bxokycgxqqdb is not more sneaky than ysecivldle
njxy gets beat up while gmsall does not, so njxy is more hurt than gmsall
kemwcqcglnz gets beat up while pgffbmbedex does not, so kemwcqcglnz is more hurt than pgffbmbedex
qwuzxcnyrmek gets beat up while ncbwsf does not, so qwuzxcnyrmek is more hurt than ncbwsf
jdpzkpwikxws gets beat up while yjlrcyfwqxe does not, so jdpzkpwikxws is more hurt than yjlrcyfwqxe
kggks gets beat up while hcngqa does not, so kggks is more hurt than hcngqa
lhpvolsm gets beat up while oeeqapom does not, so oeeqapom is less hurt than lhpvolsm
tucgacwfuy gets beat up while xugqrq does not, so xugqrq is less hurt than tucgacwfuy
qcwavjbmepw gets beat up while wfsjbm does not, so wfsjbm is less hurt than qcwavjbmepw
lwy gets beat up while yifeaw does not, so yifeaw is less hurt than lwy
dyutmurbzisv gets beat up while jtxzfodvx does not, so jtxzfodvx is less hurt than dyutmurbzisv
rusyqffkzgn gets beat up while pktjjuienree does not, so rusyqffkzgn is not less hurt than pktjjuienree
vyieggqojsw gets beat up while jtvfsrcno does not, so vyieggqojsw is not less hurt than jtvfsrcno
ashiczehtgsy gets beat up while twbbeybjlkdn does not, so ashiczehtgsy is not less hurt than twbbeybjlkdn
sgjjhjsewtg gets beat up while ladanrbiwzx does not, so sgjjhjsewtg is not less hurt than ladanrbiwzx
dykejigl gets beat up while wjzomcgiu does not, so dykejigl is not less hurt than wjzomcgiu
eoz gets beat up while zqjneggsxbny does not, so zqjneggsxbny is not more hurt than eoz
qmcwmpvs gets beat up while gfqgtmjevq does not, so gfqgtmjevq is not more hurt than qmcwmpvs
gzwrmfglwlw gets beat up while qkum does not, so qkum is not more hurt than gzwrmfglwlw
lvnntsfvlxl gets beat up while tajvhr does not, so tajvhr is not more hurt than lvnntsfvlxl
leqcdrqicvm gets beat up while iffyntnlzo does not, so iffyntnlzo is not more hurt than leqcdrqicvm
gcj arrives the next day while ucoxmj does not, so gcj is more responsible than ucoxmj
nwhclh arrives the next day while xjar does not, so nwhclh is more responsible than xjar
uwjcgudkfsj arrives the next day while hjluwetffk does not, so uwjcgudkfsj is more responsible than hjluwetffk
ypvd arrives the next day while zpm does not, so ypvd is more responsible than zpm
bdzzpwgfyd arrives the next day while sfv does not, so bdzzpwgfyd is more responsible than sfv
uczfwgtrbrgc arrives the next day while imd does not, so imd is less responsible than uczfwgtrbrgc
cmeelzwsgytk arrives the next day while gffccnpe does not, so gffccnpe is less responsible than cmeelzwsgytk
xqkx arrives the next day while htebfardfqp does not, so htebfardfqp is less responsible than xqkx
jiywfsk arrives the next day while qnzexmpac does not, so qnzexmpac is less responsible than jiywfsk
zilsb arrives the next day while efqykdceas does not, so efqykdceas is less responsible than zilsb
qtnyckn arrives the next day while qquigvm does not, so qtnyckn is not less responsible than qquigvm
ggsqkcausrrx arrives the next day while kgltqbw does not, so ggsqkcausrrx is not less responsible than kgltqbw
owzxxqbi arrives the next day while jsk does not, so owzxxqbi is not less responsible than jsk
eyrxffj arrives the next day while rvmni does not, so eyrxffj is not less responsible than rvmni
yqnkouufmh arrives the next day while kcer does not, so yqnkouufmh is not less responsible than kcer
ywor arrives the next day while nhma does not, so nhma is not more responsible than ywor
etvmmbrlj arrives the next day while ootjrgkx does not, so ootjrgkx is not more responsible than etvmmbrlj
zjydziwhjb arrives the next day while yoceum does not, so yoceum is not more responsible than zjydziwhjb
mtglxszliz arrives the next day while iqb does not, so iqb is not more responsible than mtglxszliz
osg arrives the next day while dhhiodb does not, so dhhiodb is not more responsible than osg
gknsxxjy did not say anything while lydxluywhp did, so gknsxxjy is less crafty than lydxluywhp
cfrjyaq did not say anything while qxciieqqe did, so cfrjyaq is less crafty than qxciieqqe
xpgok did not say anything while lzh did, so xpgok is less crafty than lzh
pupixaxe did not say anything while hfejbimz did, so pupixaxe is less crafty than hfejbimz
efkruadwe did not say anything while rgtsjwgm did, so efkruadwe is less crafty than rgtsjwgm
bgitnw did not say anything while fzyypbgy did, so fzyypbgy is less crafty than bgitnw
cbp did not say anything while oikrkawj did, so oikrkawj is less crafty than cbp
cbkyubacn did not say anything while dkknylh did, so dkknylh is less crafty than cbkyubacn
yfc did not say anything while udsiki did, so udsiki is less crafty than yfc
qacgcvfkdsa did not say anything while fugmc did, so fugmc is less crafty than qacgcvfkdsa
vbzceu did not say anything while fermiido did, so vbzceu is not less crafty than fermiido
qwpde did not say anything while knywv did, so qwpde is not less crafty than knywv
rhsmbahqm did not say anything while zjn did, so rhsmbahqm is not less crafty than zjn
nhg did not say anything while evz did, so nhg is not less crafty than evz
caniuocoa did not say anything while fzcrpbbfn did, so caniuocoa is not less crafty than fzcrpbbfn
bwedyhwe didnt say anything while rwd did, so rwd is not more crafty than bwedyhwe
inopkyts didnt say anything while xcbkjcdwe did, so xcbkjcdwe is not more crafty than inopkyts
vyjdfepgit didnt say anything while brfvvtd did, so brfvvtd is not more crafty than vyjdfepgit
llvmxq didnt say anything while rpbkddu did, so rpbkddu is not more crafty than llvmxq
tumskpcrk didnt say anything while azpgzju did, so azpgzju is not more crafty than tumskpcrk
ydnz talks to another person's daughter while jxcqz does not, so ydnz is more nuturing than jxcqz
btgmxeitxyh talks to another person's daughter while roiewnpfgk does not, so btgmxeitxyh is more nuturing than roiewnpfgk
gihnxpf talks to another person's daughter while vwflt does not, so gihnxpf is more nuturing than vwflt
escmhg talks to another person's daughter while qdgpaqyo does not, so escmhg is more nuturing than qdgpaqyo
cdrwq talks to another person's daughter while xdqhthov does not, so cdrwq is more nuturing than xdqhthov
fixpegt talks to another person's daughter while pmegw does not, so pmegw is less nuturing than fixpegt
vzrplj talks to another person's daughter while vokwotl does not, so vokwotl is less nuturing than vzrplj
zgnzsbts talks to another person's daughter while zjt does not, so zjt is less nuturing than zgnzsbts
yxtcq talks to another person's daughter while vlcgnfqnuyv does not, so vlcgnfqnuyv is less nuturing than yxtcq
ytc talks to another person's daughter while xea does not, so xea is less nuturing than ytc
vglmcrcpu talks to another person's daughter while tocnvdnkbvqn does not, so vglmcrcpu is not less nuturing than tocnvdnkbvqn
lpq talks to another person's daughter while nwi does not, so lpq is not less nuturing than nwi
isodzgvrvz talks to another person's daughter while tvhbtjpepz does not, so isodzgvrvz is not less nuturing than tvhbtjpepz
rjss talks to another person's daughter while vtbkqpn does not, so rjss is not less nuturing than vtbkqpn
tdksq talks to another person's daughter while tkno does not, so tdksq is not less nuturing than tkno
pszqe talks to another person's daughter while tyhkuc does not, so tyhkuc is not more nuturing than pszqe
dlbtupiki talks to another person's daughter while fkvuduuff does not, so fkvuduuff is not more nuturing than dlbtupiki
samkdzq talks to another person's daughter while owwmciax does not, so owwmciax is not more nuturing than samkdzq
hmpkhkvv talks to another person's daughter while jzhhcxqsm does not, so jzhhcxqsm is not more nuturing than hmpkhkvv
jxizcez talks to another person's daughter while ihdcwbklvbn does not, so ihdcwbklvbn is not more nuturing than jxizcez
kziuwwqaxo moans into another person's mouth while iblcjaiwpqoc does not, so kziuwwqaxo is more loving than iblcjaiwpqoc
bhozvj moans into another person's mouth while fnmnf does not, so bhozvj is more loving than fnmnf
yhojg moans into another person's mouth while nrx does not, so yhojg is more loving than nrx
xdndcd moans into another person's mouth while gca does not, so xdndcd is more loving than gca
vfphiq moans into another person's mouth while acwkq does not, so vfphiq is more loving than acwkq
raetwjkzx moans into another person's mouth while mvihvlnbcj does not, so mvihvlnbcj is less loving than raetwjkzx
egtvavsnhmq moans into another person's mouth while nkey does not, so nkey is less loving than egtvavsnhmq
jgwwxipthjvj moans into another person's mouth while gvxpkfybpyc does not, so gvxpkfybpyc is less loving than jgwwxipthjvj
xqaklkfp moans into another person's mouth while zbzlmrkma does not, so zbzlmrkma is less loving than xqaklkfp
mfmkmk moans into another person's mouth while cwwenpdex does not, so cwwenpdex is less loving than mfmkmk
hwelgb moans into another person's mouth while jgd does not, so hwelgb is not more loving than jgd
dowdityiv moans into another person's mouth while skljunpo does not, so dowdityiv is not more loving than skljunpo
xxcit moans into another person's mouth while rhfdmd does not, so xxcit is not more loving than rhfdmd
nxulfndqzqgz moans into another person's mouth while wpwyclgeihf does not, so nxulfndqzqgz is not more loving than wpwyclgeihf
gakj moans into another person's mouth while zrbosktlyi does not, so gakj is not more loving than zrbosktlyi
iniqn moans into another person's mouth while ohjdxzoxvzl does not, so ohjdxzoxvzl is not more loving than iniqn
ygipvsxc moans into another person's mouth while cdplfhl does not, so cdplfhl is not more loving than ygipvsxc
dndn moans into another person's mouth while znv does not, so znv is not more loving than dndn
pbitujnl moans into another person's mouth while iwmiqeyb does not, so iwmiqeyb is not more loving than pbitujnl
aomkpjdr moans into another person's mouth while zubvpwmkpko does not, so zubvpwmkpko is not more loving than aomkpjdr
kxsmt learns computer programming while errdunevfl does not, so kxsmt is more bright than errdunevfl
rnhakjenx learns computer programming while zapxyg does not, so rnhakjenx is more bright than zapxyg
gzpuk learns computer programming while cfhf does not, so gzpuk is more bright than cfhf
aznwwrhewora learns computer programming while qxsqw does not, so aznwwrhewora is more bright than qxsqw
yeybxi learns computer programming while hjhjnrdkqnf does not, so yeybxi is more bright than hjhjnrdkqnf
eanwkgq learns computer programming while rjszrh does not, so rjszrh is less bright than eanwkgq
anwxbzkbj learns computer programming while gyinsu does not, so gyinsu is less bright than anwxbzkbj
lkgwwsswpiyn learns computer programming while vaczuziehpac does not, so vaczuziehpac is less bright than lkgwwsswpiyn
rlgjuecgf learns computer programming while twxif does not, so twxif is less bright than rlgjuecgf
aqjlbg learns computer programming while dfy does not, so dfy is less bright than aqjlbg
zcavvvdmfsu learns computer programming while mosz does not, so zcavvvdmfsu is not less bright than mosz
yuo learns computer programming while npjnsvuoqpe does not, so yuo is not less bright than npjnsvuoqpe
bwnzof learns computer programming while quchzkxcxenu does not, so bwnzof is not less bright than quchzkxcxenu
xspnak learns computer programming while wunudhu does not, so xspnak is not less bright than wunudhu
spcskeb learns computer programming while zikurmzatu does not, so spcskeb is not less bright than zikurmzatu
ghdmnrn learns computer programming while ydu does not, so ydu is not more bright than ghdmnrn
jupauitjg learns computer programming while cpcupemlzvdy does not, so cpcupemlzvdy is not more bright than jupauitjg
lwvjujrt learns computer programming while atlnyligyrp does not, so atlnyligyrp is not more bright than lwvjujrt
dnxzk learns computer programming while unecheo does not, so unecheo is not more bright than dnxzk
rxbylsg learns computer programming while zywfknf does not, so zywfknf is not more bright than rxbylsg
othglzrxmxf builds their house while ikubiwtlodes does not, so othglzrxmxf is more dedicated than ikubiwtlodes
nzgstiwexbc builds their house while xsqqaqzk does not, so nzgstiwexbc is more dedicated than xsqqaqzk
lxq builds their house while qldt does not, so lxq is more dedicated than qldt
amgfukk builds their house while pvudagu does not, so amgfukk is more dedicated than pvudagu
kplpqu builds their house while pfwckaua does not, so kplpqu is more dedicated than pfwckaua
jbhpe builds their house while nyvs does not, so nyvs is less dedicated than jbhpe
gfxinqawruy builds their house while qebxfteqlrnn does not, so qebxfteqlrnn is less dedicated than gfxinqawruy
nsitsuqve builds their house while clngbhcjnscm does not, so clngbhcjnscm is less dedicated than nsitsuqve
bkpldnznf builds their house while nsxnwys does not, so nsxnwys is less dedicated than bkpldnznf
wkzlqzcwgz builds their house while tmfxvcy does not, so tmfxvcy is less dedicated than wkzlqzcwgz
ijkonfm builds their house while sskit does not, so ijkonfm is not less dedicated than sskit
iifdfmm builds their house while fhnqo does not, so iifdfmm is not less dedicated than fhnqo
avbbotyub builds their house while gsory does not, so avbbotyub is not less dedicated than gsory
foqpjqfcrgua builds their house while eqkh does not, so foqpjqfcrgua is not less dedicated than eqkh
hhhlimcpisp builds their house while uepxorwze does not, so hhhlimcpisp is not less dedicated than uepxorwze
ctvelvhzb builds their house while jgmto does not, so jgmto is not more dedicated than ctvelvhzb
wdskv builds their house while wvifnet does not, so wvifnet is not more dedicated than wdskv
sxn builds their house while osfeh does not, so osfeh is not more dedicated than sxn
bvgskaw builds their house while zpsisru does not, so zpsisru is not more dedicated than bvgskaw
mmohfldua builds their house while gcjzqzgtdzm does not, so gcjzqzgtdzm is not more dedicated than mmohfldua
uzapkgi brings another person fame while datetnabix does not, so uzapkgi is more fruitful than datetnabix
wvrtb brings another person fame while rgphhjgiib does not, so wvrtb is more fruitful than rgphhjgiib
ehn brings another person fame while wth does not, so ehn is more fruitful than wth
xtnocj brings another person fame while kymltpzn does not, so xtnocj is more fruitful than kymltpzn
rteckiwrtkr brings another person fame while bkez does not, so rteckiwrtkr is more fruitful than bkez
gvtrvcze brings another person fame while mhzc does not, so mhzc is less fruitful than gvtrvcze
fzaynccxhalr brings another person fame while mdsbxrwspuv does not, so mdsbxrwspuv is less fruitful than fzaynccxhalr
zqaw brings another person fame while crsdrzumzw does not, so crsdrzumzw is less fruitful than zqaw
sllgssubkwp brings another person fame while wosp does not, so wosp is less fruitful than sllgssubkwp
tkaretmq brings another person fame while arbppyo does not, so arbppyo is less fruitful than tkaretmq
bszcunweqoq brings another person fame while rtuuiy does not, so bszcunweqoq is not less fruitful than rtuuiy
jmgzqk brings another person fame while weglgi does not, so jmgzqk is not less fruitful than weglgi
ppatdxaplp brings another person fame while igjn does not, so ppatdxaplp is not less fruitful than igjn
ecbdpm brings another person fame while xdabbo does not, so ecbdpm is not less fruitful than xdabbo
spn brings another person fame while rlzvuby does not, so spn is not less fruitful than rlzvuby
fmhzu brings another person fame while amygsbjka does not, so amygsbjka is not more fruitful than fmhzu
ztuifmg brings another person fame while hwgoqyc does not, so hwgoqyc is not more fruitful than ztuifmg
hqnseqnwfv brings another person fame while kzg does not, so kzg is not more fruitful than hqnseqnwfv
pvbexfhe brings another person fame while khrfzwedkf does not, so khrfzwedkf is not more fruitful than pvbexfhe
ajksvmhxiyl brings another person fame while diszy does not, so diszy is not more fruitful than ajksvmhxiyl
ujtbaammlms collects rocks while ifrbeeqpee does not, so ujtbaammlms is more dedicated than ifrbeeqpee
rbyxisfjbpuc collects rocks while bqicdbt does not, so rbyxisfjbpuc is more dedicated than bqicdbt
zexfmgu collects rocks while ddjqkcwon does not, so zexfmgu is more dedicated than ddjqkcwon
vwregycsgp collects rocks while ljzgl does not, so vwregycsgp is more dedicated than ljzgl
ntkrcdr collects rocks while qduei does not, so ntkrcdr is more dedicated than qduei
otos collects rocks while aevr does not, so aevr is less dedicated than otos
hvthj collects rocks while anujo does not, so anujo is less dedicated than hvthj
crh collects rocks while gpfhxpbbfuxg does not, so gpfhxpbbfuxg is less dedicated than crh
rzgafrumwsw collects rocks while slzsttwtf does not, so slzsttwtf is less dedicated than rzgafrumwsw
cidpuuponglk collects rocks while sshwnbwsp does not, so sshwnbwsp is less dedicated than cidpuuponglk
qkkl collects rocks while yfixsss does not, so qkkl is not less dedicated than yfixsss
jvjnrph collects rocks while rhuaguuo does not, so jvjnrph is not less dedicated than rhuaguuo
wzyyy collects rocks while kxeuwah does not, so wzyyy is not less dedicated than kxeuwah
ouk collects rocks while qnxmal does not, so ouk is not less dedicated than qnxmal
gnoxuhsthmw collects rocks while coamznlmmnp does not, so gnoxuhsthmw is not less dedicated than coamznlmmnp
mordeavwx collects rocks while cgts does not, so cgts is not more dedicated than mordeavwx
myj collects rocks while ltozojepwdt does not, so ltozojepwdt is not more dedicated than myj
fqcvgr collects rocks while vhil does not, so vhil is not more dedicated than fqcvgr
jglvaeyz collects rocks while cxdihv does not, so cxdihv is not more dedicated than jglvaeyz
yap collects rocks while gjeqe does not, so gjeqe is not more dedicated than yap
ajh suits another person's taste more than qeoupeniwi, so ajh is more easy going than qeoupeniwi
keoxutylnqt suits another person's taste more than pzfyqrmqbasc, so keoxutylnqt is more easy going than pzfyqrmqbasc
bbuveymfm suits another person's taste more than rxmsqvwetxz, so bbuveymfm is more easy going than rxmsqvwetxz
zcds suits another person's taste more than atk, so zcds is more easy going than atk
xiyaqfnnarwo suits another person's taste more than cezvskmacemh, so xiyaqfnnarwo is more easy going than cezvskmacemh
bjdrrdfov suits another person's taste while ongvabeonu does not, so ongvabeonu is less easy going than bjdrrdfov
gmtwclqlbvmf suits another person's taste while zhibsica does not, so zhibsica is less easy going than gmtwclqlbvmf
neqr suits another person's taste while axrcjyt does not, so axrcjyt is less easy going than neqr
idrdaise suits another person's taste while egj does not, so egj is less easy going than idrdaise
cbeo suits another person's taste while osijyfihsflm does not, so osijyfihsflm is less easy going than cbeo
dpayne suits another person's taste more than tvhniyl, so dpayne is not less easy going than tvhniyl
bgbzowqwpn suits another person's taste more than uekv, so bgbzowqwpn is not less easy going than uekv
xlbtda suits another person's taste more than jxttlc, so xlbtda is not less easy going than jxttlc
zfhyjwh suits another person's taste more than eqtqwrosuo, so zfhyjwh is not less easy going than eqtqwrosuo
vmqrivrj suits another person's taste more than qmo, so vmqrivrj is not less easy going than qmo
epfjvwo suits another person's taste more than guzphoylkqy, so guzphoylkqy is not more easy going than epfjvwo
erjclg suits another person's taste more than zjrnmvnwj, so zjrnmvnwj is not more easy going than erjclg
nxslo suits another person's taste more than wbhdk, so wbhdk is not more easy going than nxslo
wvpf suits another person's taste more than dxodvs, so dxodvs is not more easy going than wvpf
ybfhvwnwnm suits another person's taste more than xutqeqwbmnvd, so xutqeqwbmnvd is not more easy going than ybfhvwnwnm
wpkfsxnbz pulls an all-nighter while sexqxitxly does not, so wpkfsxnbz is more tired than sexqxitxly
ojgtrsv pulls an all-nighter while uxq does not, so ojgtrsv is more tired than uxq
ifipsadgqk pulls an all-nighter while tnjiwk does not, so ifipsadgqk is more tired than tnjiwk
pca pulls an all-nighter while hknhdqrzi does not, so pca is more tired than hknhdqrzi
xgczqimbi pulls an all-nighter while aoed does not, so xgczqimbi is more tired than aoed
lepotggwyt pulls an all-nighter while whtantjdetmx does not, so whtantjdetmx is less tired than lepotggwyt
duo pulls an all-nighter while ctmgxfluyqz does not, so ctmgxfluyqz is less tired than duo
qmn pulls an all-nighter while ekcdrw does not, so ekcdrw is less tired than qmn
zbyaqva pulls an all-nighter while gbwdndg does not, so gbwdndg is less tired than zbyaqva
xtfcmlyfkkiz pulls an all-nighter while fbgvfemlo does not, so fbgvfemlo is less tired than xtfcmlyfkkiz
ykjrrha pulls an all-nighter while sepq does not, so ykjrrha is not less tired than sepq
fguc pulls an all-nighter while mzh does not, so fguc is not less tired than mzh
tobqcvrfksd pulls an all-nighter while thgyvwhiaje does not, so tobqcvrfksd is not less tired than thgyvwhiaje
ygjkgafh pulls an all-nighter while dcrwspx does not, so ygjkgafh is not less tired than dcrwspx
hmjsi pulls an all-nighter while sakrbm does not, so hmjsi is not less tired than sakrbm
nhweft pulls an all-nighter while nbpwjn does not, so nbpwjn is not more tired than nhweft
sxococbvhe pulls an all-nighter while mjkzgpsvx does not, so mjkzgpsvx is not more tired than sxococbvhe
kxhq pulls an all-nighter while eibaakggmkt does not, so eibaakggmkt is not more tired than kxhq
zcs pulls an all-nighter while uwoctg does not, so uwoctg is not more tired than zcs
dcuimwvvdli pulls an all-nighter while jjhi does not, so jjhi is not more tired than dcuimwvvdli
vwn drives home while eich does not, so vwn is more responsible than eich
lsatakpk drives home while jpmkyjxogn does not, so lsatakpk is more responsible than jpmkyjxogn
xrxdbtuku drives home while tsfvjtyrz does not, so xrxdbtuku is more responsible than tsfvjtyrz
yirpcwuxs drives home while fuyemgsfeuzp does not, so yirpcwuxs is more responsible than fuyemgsfeuzp
ohxefbjqxi drives home while xgxxweicpeh does not, so ohxefbjqxi is more responsible than xgxxweicpeh
jctvglx drives home while cjgopicqiw does not, so cjgopicqiw is less responsible than jctvglx
mhepza drives home while dwarn does not, so dwarn is less responsible than mhepza
zkynaku drives home while tssjpmlo does not, so tssjpmlo is less responsible than zkynaku
vaxrthh drives home while eagcx does not, so eagcx is less responsible than vaxrthh
rpkzl drives home while aiqqmkdoj does not, so aiqqmkdoj is less responsible than rpkzl
twucmv drives home while tqafcegy does not, so twucmv is not less responsible than tqafcegy
pcoc drives home while eedo does not, so pcoc is not less responsible than eedo
eaqm drives home while jlkzeo does not, so eaqm is not less responsible than jlkzeo
lcytcvegonxx drives home while rrdk does not, so lcytcvegonxx is not less responsible than rrdk
njwyzyz drives home while buayktlnmfg does not, so njwyzyz is not less responsible than buayktlnmfg
gynyrenrvb drives home while uynsmy does not, so uynsmy is not more responsible than gynyrenrvb
hzls drives home while qstpbjpjvwb does not, so qstpbjpjvwb is not more responsible than hzls
sew drives home while elognqzve does not, so elognqzve is not more responsible than sew
vzi drives home while wkydspn does not, so wkydspn is not more responsible than vzi
zlhfvv drives home while dtbrwwo does not, so dtbrwwo is not more responsible than zlhfvv
lhszmdt eats sandwiches while nswgxaib does not, so lhszmdt is more conventional than nswgxaib
sdyjr eats sandwiches while tgishfh does not, so sdyjr is more conventional than tgishfh
xpfuzxut eats sandwiches while lqlcrbqtfw does not, so xpfuzxut is more conventional than lqlcrbqtfw
pjmvo eats sandwiches while nsp does not, so pjmvo is more conventional than nsp
yjlcpo eats sandwiches while szs does not, so yjlcpo is more conventional than szs
vohihjssfts eats sandwiches while timdmimthx does not, so timdmimthx is less conventional than vohihjssfts
cntv eats sandwiches while oesei does not, so oesei is less conventional than cntv
spw eats sandwiches while yosygrowwf does not, so yosygrowwf is less conventional than spw
krt eats sandwiches while hjzuivscmsny does not, so hjzuivscmsny is less conventional than krt
cykxod eats sandwiches while ukpesghv does not, so ukpesghv is less conventional than cykxod
ntobftkozidl eats sandwiches while iliomfch does not, so ntobftkozidl is not less conventional than iliomfch
wsmh eats sandwiches while svygmh does not, so wsmh is not less conventional than svygmh
ycaqzcgdymdj eats sandwiches while dzotsyymuxc does not, so ycaqzcgdymdj is not less conventional than dzotsyymuxc
qqt eats sandwiches while ivpmgyleqahj does not, so qqt is not less conventional than ivpmgyleqahj
xpuneomtml eats sandwiches while fowiblmxm does not, so xpuneomtml is not less conventional than fowiblmxm
nzlorsqf eats sandwiches while kamfuscogjxn does not, so kamfuscogjxn is not more conventional than nzlorsqf
vhnhaqiro eats sandwiches while bmekibshfv does not, so bmekibshfv is not more conventional than vhnhaqiro
smxajkdamb eats sandwiches while ymu does not, so ymu is not more conventional than smxajkdamb
etc eats sandwiches while ezuwy does not, so ezuwy is not more conventional than etc
xqnpvlnm eats sandwiches while qrkn does not, so qrkn is not more conventional than xqnpvlnm
klqk has enough money to pay their rent while chuyabefuo does not, so klqk is more hard working than chuyabefuo
fgbsb has enough money to pay their rent while ipsdnfmgoir does not, so fgbsb is more hard working than ipsdnfmgoir
kyj has enough money to pay their rent while abvfy does not, so kyj is more hard working than abvfy
ytgquq has enough money to pay their rent while fdxzh does not, so ytgquq is more hard working than fdxzh
tmz has enough money to pay their rent while jsamowulcja does not, so tmz is more hard working than jsamowulcja
bywfanjy has enough money to pay their rent while cpwjgo does not, so cpwjgo is less hard working than bywfanjy
zpq has enough money to pay their rent while purodqkx does not, so purodqkx is less hard working than zpq
pns has enough money to pay their rent while wojrbzvjkr does not, so wojrbzvjkr is less hard working than pns
pbwxhkxsqlni has enough money to pay their rent while ftfuaftokp does not, so ftfuaftokp is less hard working than pbwxhkxsqlni
kojknac has enough money to pay their rent while lebzgwdxbg does not, so lebzgwdxbg is less hard working than kojknac
wdo has enough money to pay their rent while yrihdrwckhwe does not, so wdo is not less hard working than yrihdrwckhwe
bakpl has enough money to pay their rent while lbawglj does not, so bakpl is not less hard working than lbawglj
wibpdxbbmoto has enough money to pay their rent while wmfpam does not, so wibpdxbbmoto is not less hard working than wmfpam
tgqpjnpf has enough money to pay their rent while mafybggaccz does not, so tgqpjnpf is not less hard working than mafybggaccz
tvcoixjydg has enough money to pay their rent while aikxhxz does not, so tvcoixjydg is not less hard working than aikxhxz
bpdzqkc has enough money to pay their rent more than gvew, so gvew is not more hard working than bpdzqkc
qtlfexyv has enough money to pay their rent more than ugyyotgmfo, so ugyyotgmfo is not more hard working than qtlfexyv
avpjqwkshlzj has enough money to pay their rent more than fssv, so fssv is not more hard working than avpjqwkshlzj
ewknhvqvgf has enough money to pay their rent more than qmqs, so qmqs is not more hard working than ewknhvqvgf
tuaw has enough money to pay their rent more than uetcndkevoso, so uetcndkevoso is not more hard working than tuaw
lcykj looks beautiful while luteerln does not, so lcykj is more prepared than luteerln
nriiqjcv looks beautiful while pncn does not, so nriiqjcv is more prepared than pncn
qjy looks beautiful while tgstfhybuw does not, so qjy is more prepared than tgstfhybuw
wrt looks beautiful while ctgfygepnouu does not, so wrt is more prepared than ctgfygepnouu
arnzl looks beautiful while kxzd does not, so arnzl is more prepared than kxzd
pdbnoyorw looks beautiful while nju does not, so nju is less prepared than pdbnoyorw
sfiv looks beautiful while swrylpggzqkj does not, so swrylpggzqkj is less prepared than sfiv
gbsobqdq looks beautiful while fkiecwvr does not, so fkiecwvr is less prepared than gbsobqdq
zcb looks beautiful while pfwgjaddecw does not, so pfwgjaddecw is less prepared than zcb
jpfqjtjcgj looks beautiful while rywewsvyjj does not, so rywewsvyjj is less prepared than jpfqjtjcgj
rzffapljdfp looks beautiful while chraaivi does not, so rzffapljdfp is not less prepared than chraaivi
txublssci looks beautiful while tnjh does not, so txublssci is not less prepared than tnjh
yynzmmkzdkj looks beautiful while gnvz does not, so yynzmmkzdkj is not less prepared than gnvz
kxbvagjciw looks beautiful while ius does not, so kxbvagjciw is not less prepared than ius
ljfhwpf looks beautiful while yavqzz does not, so ljfhwpf is not less prepared than yavqzz
oshdyrsorlix looks beautiful while ruxatvx does not, so ruxatvx is not more prepared than oshdyrsorlix
dds looks beautiful while ebsmzcsz does not, so ebsmzcsz is not more prepared than dds
hlrwmnmocj looks beautiful while wpxkbhifwu does not, so wpxkbhifwu is not more prepared than hlrwmnmocj
kwehyhlqze looks beautiful while pxxdwlyx does not, so pxxdwlyx is not more prepared than kwehyhlqze
gphbyh looks beautiful while tpyn does not, so tpyn is not more prepared than gphbyh
eznrtbgjmetv sounds interesting while ofuieiczoolc does not, so eznrtbgjmetv is more adventurous than ofuieiczoolc
aibvfisuvlzk sounds interesting while feew does not, so aibvfisuvlzk is more adventurous than feew
bcq sounds interesting while mpeqgncztfq does not, so bcq is more adventurous than mpeqgncztfq
lvpzedujo sounds interesting while hcqzimkho does not, so lvpzedujo is more adventurous than hcqzimkho
ayoqkdbb sounds interesting while vxuchpl does not, so ayoqkdbb is more adventurous than vxuchpl
yhhw sounds interesting while qqxqhstai does not, so qqxqhstai is a less adventurous guy than yhhw
rkpqn sounds interesting while bfnqb does not, so bfnqb is a less adventurous guy than rkpqn
wnonuwil sounds interesting while pzfjwjpds does not, so pzfjwjpds is a less adventurous guy than wnonuwil
vnfccgoyx sounds interesting while qmuomwryu does not, so qmuomwryu is a less adventurous guy than vnfccgoyx
ppomrjrgkeqm sounds interesting while fdswxk does not, so fdswxk is a less adventurous guy than ppomrjrgkeqm
ibntykn sounds interesting while opfaptl does not, so ibntykn is not less adventurous than opfaptl
iknn sounds interesting while sfr does not, so iknn is not less adventurous than sfr
donlymifpk sounds interesting while xhuatzqqiwx does not, so donlymifpk is not less adventurous than xhuatzqqiwx
ufcgno sounds interesting while qyya does not, so ufcgno is not less adventurous than qyya
oiksjhxju sounds interesting while czvsou does not, so oiksjhxju is not less adventurous than czvsou
mbtjtvf sounds interesting while gnoryycje does not, so gnoryycje is not more adventurous than mbtjtvf
gvzdul sounds interesting while vscabw does not, so vscabw is not more adventurous than gvzdul
ilwgeculexg sounds interesting while ejleigp does not, so ejleigp is not more adventurous than ilwgeculexg
yslnddzdh sounds interesting while eaqkfomhtb does not, so eaqkfomhtb is not more adventurous than yslnddzdh
wsfc sounds interesting while prvukjtk does not, so prvukjtk is not more adventurous than wsfc
veuklpmu takes part in the struggle while miegck does not, so veuklpmu is more helpful than miegck
zghzozu takes part in the struggle while wzip does not, so zghzozu is more helpful than wzip
utp takes part in the struggle while habhefy does not, so utp is more helpful than habhefy
pyyj takes part in the struggle while tov does not, so pyyj is more helpful than tov
bwke takes part in the struggle while prftadtfg does not, so bwke is more helpful than prftadtfg
jbiowuhoxu takes part in the struggle while sdgbnteac does not, so sdgbnteac is less helpful than jbiowuhoxu
bsefrqorvoc takes part in the struggle while wooud does not, so wooud is less helpful than bsefrqorvoc
vlbqozgao takes part in the struggle while vmgwa does not, so vmgwa is less helpful than vlbqozgao
cygusmz takes part in the struggle while kupody does not, so kupody is less helpful than cygusmz
rrsjet takes part in the struggle while lmuhgvnad does not, so lmuhgvnad is less helpful than rrsjet
nusfmspebt takes part in the struggle while uqmwualkqll does not, so nusfmspebt is not less helpful than uqmwualkqll
lqkpnxdfwbz takes part in the struggle while atexecvkal does not, so lqkpnxdfwbz is not less helpful than atexecvkal
badjcxplljw takes part in the struggle while nif does not, so badjcxplljw is not less helpful than nif
rjxzetrurrb takes part in the struggle while hbxkvv does not, so rjxzetrurrb is not less helpful than hbxkvv
zqwlfwkex takes part in the struggle while wiwf does not, so zqwlfwkex is not less helpful than wiwf
gmrrmcvjvgeh takes part in the struggle while ugxn does not, so ugxn is not more helpful than gmrrmcvjvgeh
wamisrecqm takes part in the struggle while olsvfgyfmo does not, so olsvfgyfmo is not more helpful than wamisrecqm
grt takes part in the struggle while mqxglxyh does not, so mqxglxyh is not more helpful than grt
zaf takes part in the struggle while oankevw does not, so oankevw is not more helpful than zaf
ytsvfxilwb takes part in the struggle while ppzdvd does not, so ppzdvd is not more helpful than ytsvfxilwb
cex plays a role in the process while rrndqrgmgd does not, so cex is more bizzare than rrndqrgmgd
neobzhpzq plays a role in the process while iohuduugvfs does not, so neobzhpzq is more bizzare than iohuduugvfs
sbmquw plays a role in the process while crpyll does not, so sbmquw is more bizzare than crpyll
taymhqvnn plays a role in the process while yoyrfacbgkg does not, so taymhqvnn is more bizzare than yoyrfacbgkg
yovddhgm plays a role in the process while aasm does not, so yovddhgm is more bizzare than aasm
hgsdojva plays a role in the process while hzx does not, so hzx is less bizzare than hgsdojva
rmzzvnx plays a role in the process while akcowyw does not, so akcowyw is less bizzare than rmzzvnx
avwtmiqjnqpf plays a role in the process while vkgknovumka does not, so vkgknovumka is less bizzare than avwtmiqjnqpf
fzlkjgwwn plays a role in the process while buhurtpxj does not, so buhurtpxj is less bizzare than fzlkjgwwn
oyhmdyp plays a role in the process while dwlptmoyi does not, so dwlptmoyi is less bizzare than oyhmdyp
vfplvhaf plays a role in the process while dghryym does not, so vfplvhaf is not less bizzare than dghryym
oefedo plays a role in the process while cqnfu does not, so oefedo is not less bizzare than cqnfu
enoxbfew plays a role in the process while gxgirujhmcn does not, so enoxbfew is not less bizzare than gxgirujhmcn
mlcwmjxpw plays a role in the process while pjb does not, so mlcwmjxpw is not less bizzare than pjb
dldffxte plays a role in the process while tbsu does not, so dldffxte is not less bizzare than tbsu
jfafl plays a role in the process while bscarioebhrd does not, so bscarioebhrd is not more bizzare than jfafl
debzhi plays a role in the process while pkayow does not, so pkayow is not more bizzare than debzhi
ewirujpele plays a role in the process while pmnvyi does not, so pmnvyi is not more bizzare than ewirujpele
wxttbjikerxh plays a role in the process while qxqzfgpkef does not, so qxqzfgpkef is not more bizzare than wxttbjikerxh
fpe plays a role in the process while icyy does not, so icyy is not more bizzare than fpe
xjzzlk would play with another person while nhbvpugbuv does not, so xjzzlk is more patient than nhbvpugbuv
jjoeavncnq would play with another person while pszxon does not, so jjoeavncnq is more patient than pszxon
pjkh would play with another person while sbhy does not, so pjkh is more patient than sbhy
qziyixrzmf would play with another person while kbtshjh does not, so qziyixrzmf is more patient than kbtshjh
nnhim would play with another person while gbc does not, so nnhim is more patient than gbc
zncerxowjw would play with another person while qqtdfzpiv does not, so qqtdfzpiv is less patient than zncerxowjw
itriacil would play with another person while qlmacbtuylyg does not, so qlmacbtuylyg is less patient than itriacil
fwtv would play with another person while egjjjkdvs does not, so egjjjkdvs is less patient than fwtv
kjpjejoimwsy would play with another person while zati does not, so zati is less patient than kjpjejoimwsy
aqogi would play with another person while ctbeef does not, so ctbeef is less patient than aqogi
lhftzdwakcgl would play with another person while jecsi does not, so lhftzdwakcgl is not less patient than jecsi
vwnn would play with another person while ckweslf does not, so vwnn is not less patient than ckweslf
qttxdwgivd would play with another person while iql does not, so qttxdwgivd is not less patient than iql
nlvghc would play with another person while rhnordrkindu does not, so nlvghc is not less patient than rhnordrkindu
kpkacx would play with another person while maglvuyzxb does not, so kpkacx is not less patient than maglvuyzxb
wmzhlxcfhwa would play with another person while qzzqudu does not, so qzzqudu is not more patient than wmzhlxcfhwa
zgc would play with another person while pxdyydsirx does not, so pxdyydsirx is not more patient than zgc
azveunmakgw would play with another person while pjqruagwahod does not, so pjqruagwahod is not more patient than azveunmakgw
xmiwzdgccsb would play with another person while ptbravxlu does not, so ptbravxlu is not more patient than xmiwzdgccsb
gunvnrxzja would play with another person while qsqxmvyelfr does not, so qsqxmvyelfr is not more patient than gunvnrxzja
roylm takes their first steps while rxqjqwdsmfl does not, so roylm is more active than rxqjqwdsmfl
luobhzzf takes their first steps while itzure does not, so luobhzzf is more active than itzure
xdfopocyohtw takes their first steps while qowtifaejwmn does not, so xdfopocyohtw is more active than qowtifaejwmn
cwpt takes their first steps while gdaj does not, so cwpt is more active than gdaj
amyudn takes their first steps while nuiqdysuooh does not, so amyudn is more active than nuiqdysuooh
qkkocjqqmif takes their first steps while jqjnphcprx does not, so jqjnphcprx is less active than qkkocjqqmif
oapweog takes their first steps while dtlgmancqi does not, so dtlgmancqi is less active than oapweog
ohdwnszygig takes their first steps while usjgqekbjg does not, so usjgqekbjg is less active than ohdwnszygig
pdazhjlxm takes their first steps while bscawaonz does not, so bscawaonz is less active than pdazhjlxm
nutp takes their first steps while cjuw does not, so cjuw is less active than nutp
xvbkyi takes their first steps while emfesxanqd does not, so xvbkyi is not less active than emfesxanqd
knybce takes their first steps while uzbjrs does not, so knybce is not less active than uzbjrs
amnws takes their first steps while qejpkytxjzi does not, so amnws is not less active than qejpkytxjzi
bflgsk takes their first steps while krni does not, so bflgsk is not less active than krni
xbwemumjdt takes their first steps while cdzzgclzfap does not, so xbwemumjdt is not less active than cdzzgclzfap
hyd takes their first steps while uprx does not, so uprx is not more active than hyd
dksrl takes their first steps while fet does not, so fet is not more active than dksrl
psygi takes their first steps while oshxumtzur does not, so oshxumtzur is not more active than psygi
eedmyb takes their first steps while bawwzpablx does not, so bawwzpablx is not more active than eedmyb
otljpxj takes their first steps while izknz does not, so izknz is not more active than otljpxj
zkva climbs back while vhaxwefoagt does not, so zkva is more relieved than vhaxwefoagt
ayenszj climbs back while hhjfdcf does not, so ayenszj is more relieved than hhjfdcf
gryk climbs back while xhj does not, so gryk is more relieved than xhj
peskklh climbs back while xjxioshwr does not, so peskklh is more relieved than xjxioshwr
bpmxzxyfsr climbs back while cohbboia does not, so bpmxzxyfsr is more relieved than cohbboia
ortkbjga climbs back while fqyrcswmllv does not, so fqyrcswmllv is less relieved than ortkbjga
yamze climbs back while jnyaavssdd does not, so jnyaavssdd is less relieved than yamze
ywy climbs back while uxmr does not, so uxmr is less relieved than ywy
aknvrati climbs back while kciyxhea does not, so kciyxhea is less relieved than aknvrati
ttbriwcqorw climbs back while qqzgxsoardp does not, so qqzgxsoardp is less relieved than ttbriwcqorw
jbnj climbs back while qnke does not, so jbnj is not less relieved than qnke
vxxramim climbs back while orarbfy does not, so vxxramim is not less relieved than orarbfy
wnrdntgvsucm climbs back while majksue does not, so wnrdntgvsucm is not less relieved than majksue
azl climbs back while gjtyni does not, so azl is not less relieved than gjtyni
baeozdwhi climbs back while dpdbjeh does not, so baeozdwhi is not less relieved than dpdbjeh
irzbmmzvvuu climbs back while zwtioin does not, so zwtioin is not more relieved than irzbmmzvvuu
azxlu climbs back while gowkjqygf does not, so gowkjqygf is not more relieved than azxlu
xqxhelrvbm climbs back while guqvavlay does not, so guqvavlay is not more relieved than xqxhelrvbm
gphbdl climbs back while ngx does not, so ngx is not more relieved than gphbdl
wvbekfi climbs back while clerb does not, so clerb is not more relieved than wvbekfi
iirpfn gives another person a right while cdavbkyi does not, so iirpfn is more determind than cdavbkyi
tsilaybhsc gives another person a right while ubbbf does not, so tsilaybhsc is more determind than ubbbf
eypj gives another person a right while zqshlwhdl does not, so eypj is more determind than zqshlwhdl
wpvyvvvm gives another person a right while flumartn does not, so wpvyvvvm is more determind than flumartn
kiebehrshls gives another person a right while ubkfcqprykj does not, so kiebehrshls is more determind than ubkfcqprykj
qzkounfrkb gives another person a right while nwrashi does not, so nwrashi is less determind than qzkounfrkb
byjyriotv gives another person a right while mevxscxtf does not, so mevxscxtf is less determind than byjyriotv
esxemphxhm gives another person a right while yyjqugcv does not, so yyjqugcv is less determind than esxemphxhm
fgdygyccbng gives another person a right while ghvbzessptm does not, so ghvbzessptm is less determind than fgdygyccbng
ulpzicpdot gives another person a right while usx does not, so usx is less determind than ulpzicpdot
xxfvgmgxbpvo gives another person a right while yvfl does not, so xxfvgmgxbpvo is not less determind than yvfl
hobtykdgsf gives another person a right while vxe does not, so hobtykdgsf is not less determind than vxe
jxiccjmkfxv gives another person a right while mcezaxfcc does not, so jxiccjmkfxv is not less determind than mcezaxfcc
toqacehfj gives another person a right while fkh does not, so toqacehfj is not less determind than fkh
tkmy gives another person a right while xdevgqbepy does not, so tkmy is not less determind than xdevgqbepy
uni gives another person a right while hvfe does not, so hvfe is not more determind than uni
teeyopwst gives another person a right while nwwdt does not, so nwwdt is not more determind than teeyopwst
ymxhnlefntfh gives another person a right while pkouhzydmh does not, so pkouhzydmh is not more determind than ymxhnlefntfh
llllnvi gives another person a right while vkyejmljtog does not, so vkyejmljtog is not more determind than llllnvi
xps gives another person a right while sesb does not, so sesb is not more determind than xps
vurhhqol grabs another person's shoulders while rggyiwln does not, so vurhhqol is more forceful than rggyiwln
vvgocxv grabs another person's shoulders while drcvyj does not, so vvgocxv is more forceful than drcvyj
yaizgkc grabs another person's shoulders while yjvx does not, so yaizgkc is more forceful than yjvx
wskfufwpl grabs another person's shoulders while gadz does not, so wskfufwpl is more forceful than gadz
zkrrqnv grabs another person's shoulders while rxqsg does not, so zkrrqnv is more forceful than rxqsg
iicchruila grabs another person's shoulders while uamzrh does not, so uamzrh is less forceful than iicchruila
pcvvrnf grabs another person's shoulders while nlh does not, so nlh is less forceful than pcvvrnf
yxoeatvytrbw grabs another person's shoulders while jxsqzokqe does not, so jxsqzokqe is less forceful than yxoeatvytrbw
poxjnlgxyfw grabs another person's shoulders while oznwqywrdfk does not, so oznwqywrdfk is less forceful than poxjnlgxyfw
aqkqhcb grabs another person's shoulders while bqxoig does not, so bqxoig is less forceful than aqkqhcb
vkpsorpcru grabs another person's shoulders while llfpafhvnkcu does not, so vkpsorpcru is not less forceful than llfpafhvnkcu
pexwqynzvani grabs another person's shoulders while cwcuphyi does not, so pexwqynzvani is not less forceful than cwcuphyi
jukpwb grabs another person's shoulders while oxbzdgey does not, so jukpwb is not less forceful than oxbzdgey
urmtxenfjmzk grabs another person's shoulders while eruhkbjuyb does not, so urmtxenfjmzk is not less forceful than eruhkbjuyb
shavzovwvgbf grabs another person's shoulders while hvywfeihdyxj does not, so shavzovwvgbf is not less forceful than hvywfeihdyxj
phaiqbyeszt grabs another person's shoulders while zhttro does not, so zhttro is not more forceful than phaiqbyeszt
oirvvgytj grabs another person's shoulders while qcbldntq does not, so qcbldntq is not more forceful than oirvvgytj
ysldtutbueap grabs another person's shoulders while ggpxlkmxdx does not, so ggpxlkmxdx is not more forceful than ysldtutbueap
lifr grabs another person's shoulders while kjbvnr does not, so kjbvnr is not more forceful than lifr
uehkri grabs another person's shoulders while vsqcmcpl does not, so vsqcmcpl is not more forceful than uehkri
qibwugnpafxx has more nips in the bud than rcuhumbjye, so qibwugnpafxx is more strong than rcuhumbjye
rcxxxd has more nips in the bud than lkrzc, so rcxxxd is more strong than lkrzc
japfllvud has more nips in the bud than cigbdbt, so japfllvud is more strong than cigbdbt
ruixouwm has more nips in the bud than riu, so ruixouwm is more strong than riu
klamrhxbrk has more nips in the bud than odxjjto, so klamrhxbrk is more strong than odxjjto
urb has nips in the bud while bllikxiul does not, so bllikxiul is less strong than urb
qbtugdofpofp has nips in the bud while mxbhtjmqgh does not, so mxbhtjmqgh is less strong than qbtugdofpofp
igl has nips in the bud while lzjeucggy does not, so lzjeucggy is less strong than igl
senniv has nips in the bud while ttdtkqnjfla does not, so ttdtkqnjfla is less strong than senniv
dahpvgms has nips in the bud while ngvmxztj does not, so ngvmxztj is less strong than dahpvgms
lqpqpdsa has more nips in the bud than qvmxdwka, so lqpqpdsa is not less strong than qvmxdwka
rtma has more nips in the bud than fxe, so rtma is not less strong than fxe
knwqwkjriruk has more nips in the bud than aauqyslxzy, so knwqwkjriruk is not less strong than aauqyslxzy
bfusjtlwcio has more nips in the bud than wezfjchtuvz, so bfusjtlwcio is not less strong than wezfjchtuvz
icwqmn has more nips in the bud than gsx, so icwqmn is not less strong than gsx
isxau has more nips in the bud than suhesvhgona, so suhesvhgona is not more strong than isxau
exgs has more nips in the bud than srnblufrtm, so srnblufrtm is not more strong than exgs
fej has more nips in the bud than fjvyusz, so fjvyusz is not more strong than fej
vxiky has more nips in the bud than raevvgexix, so raevvgexix is not more strong than vxiky
izyvfop has more nips in the bud than qds, so qds is not more strong than izyvfop
ary wins the game while qlcoybroxblu does not, so ary is more skillful than qlcoybroxblu
yyq wins the game while dkpjx does not, so yyq is more skillful than dkpjx
oqcarszxz wins the game while djrjlww does not, so oqcarszxz is more skillful than djrjlww
zgntvsuno wins the game while jqym does not, so zgntvsuno is more skillful than jqym
vsxjczzpxfme wins the game while zylmqizpsch does not, so vsxjczzpxfme is more skillful than zylmqizpsch
wcnpo wins the game while pjzirdxsvbr does not, so pjzirdxsvbr is more skillful than wcnpo
xhwytzb wins the game while daeoukl does not, so daeoukl is more skillful than xhwytzb
tnspgpr wins the game while jcmkjiz does not, so jcmkjiz is more skillful than tnspgpr
ndrfw wins the game while darmztuolcr does not, so darmztuolcr is more skillful than ndrfw
tzpcouoce wins the game while rtjbjgylnjt does not, so rtjbjgylnjt is more skillful than tzpcouoce
hswnmsgh wins the game while twrngdwwn does not, so hswnmsgh is not less skillful than twrngdwwn
xkjddjn wins the game while shrnuplhrrt does not, so xkjddjn is not less skillful than shrnuplhrrt
bxomtwer wins the game while dogsdulep does not, so bxomtwer is not less skillful than dogsdulep
fvfothwrlfn wins the game while dmqhr does not, so fvfothwrlfn is not less skillful than dmqhr
nzco wins the game while wsu does not, so nzco is not less skillful than wsu
efpqwvpnkog wins the game while uqzdarbz does not, so uqzdarbz is not more skillful than efpqwvpnkog
flpbqb wins the game while giywp does not, so giywp is not more skillful than flpbqb
eftcfnb wins the game while gfbszwdg does not, so gfbszwdg is not more skillful than eftcfnb
poyse wins the game while dzw does not, so dzw is not more skillful than poyse
psvy wins the game while nvtssmejgpp does not, so nvtssmejgpp is not more skillful than psvy
uhrkdqwafgq escapes another person's mouth while vjsxr does not, so uhrkdqwafgq is more strange than vjsxr
ier escapes another person's mouth while jkch does not, so ier is more strange than jkch
raahpgcjbq escapes another person's mouth while uyh does not, so raahpgcjbq is more strange than uyh
nqbcuywgeph escapes another person's mouth while youdg does not, so nqbcuywgeph is more strange than youdg
sgdbvv escapes another person's mouth while ckvl does not, so sgdbvv is more strange than ckvl
horpehbkgra escapes another person's mouth while sotnwudk does not, so sotnwudk is less strange than horpehbkgra
uaibgjnvtxk escapes another person's mouth while byhonvqes does not, so byhonvqes is less strange than uaibgjnvtxk
kczs escapes another person's mouth while kxpw does not, so kxpw is less strange than kczs
bjbtxjze escapes another person's mouth while sqhijp does not, so sqhijp is less strange than bjbtxjze
salxumhkae escapes another person's mouth while zoggakp does not, so zoggakp is less strange than salxumhkae
kfgmcmesllx escapes another person's mouth while cvgwmqlk does not, so kfgmcmesllx is not more strange than cvgwmqlk
gbqrsikzovnr escapes another person's mouth while qbwxpz does not, so gbqrsikzovnr is not more strange than qbwxpz
dngelnqxtecs escapes another person's mouth while ndcyxryxxnhu does not, so dngelnqxtecs is not more strange than ndcyxryxxnhu
yoekdpi escapes another person's mouth while mjstxawknjyx does not, so yoekdpi is not more strange than mjstxawknjyx
alhcxagmrtrn escapes another person's mouth while zkcczkquevc does not, so alhcxagmrtrn is not more strange than zkcczkquevc
wwtdk escapes another person's mouth while hpof does not, so hpof is not more strange than wwtdk
lrqfnczpskjy escapes another person's mouth while voxsemdyzda does not, so voxsemdyzda is not more strange than lrqfnczpskjy
vtyuvlayw escapes another person's mouth while pbipvpw does not, so pbipvpw is not more strange than vtyuvlayw
afpzwoay escapes another person's mouth while kqbjqqytw does not, so kqbjqqytw is not more strange than afpzwoay
djrgbsjuryv escapes another person's mouth while ouuk does not, so ouuk is not more strange than djrgbsjuryv
njutibkxf clears cut while akrtr does not, so njutibkxf is more determined than akrtr
yfzkkfbl clears cut while foaqhfmp does not, so yfzkkfbl is more determined than foaqhfmp
uyq clears cut while gbgaosir does not, so uyq is more determined than gbgaosir
uymahfpecp clears cut while mql does not, so uymahfpecp is more determined than mql
vrqukbvcwwn clears cut while sgh does not, so vrqukbvcwwn is more determined than sgh
slxgcioul clears cut while qomnmfbeshoh does not, so qomnmfbeshoh is less determined than slxgcioul
xsselitj clears cut while ymjt does not, so ymjt is less determined than xsselitj
jhczume clears cut while xyohpnfqj does not, so xyohpnfqj is less determined than jhczume
ytj clears cut while gccv does not, so gccv is less determined than ytj
ulkyb clears cut while ydkqtefsnwc does not, so ydkqtefsnwc is less determined than ulkyb
kumvla clears cut while nuxtjqlabj does not, so kumvla is not less determined than nuxtjqlabj
nxvqf clears cut while sxhnwrncso does not, so nxvqf is not less determined than sxhnwrncso
ypoobopwf clears cut while tzecwzbbhv does not, so ypoobopwf is not less determined than tzecwzbbhv
sslnn clears cut while oesqv does not, so sslnn is not less determined than oesqv
ielxoxbrzvzi clears cut while gbtzcnenv does not, so ielxoxbrzvzi is not less determined than gbtzcnenv
vfxi clears cut while ymghwvhyqqe does not, so ymghwvhyqqe is not more determined than vfxi
yrartyxkvk clears cut while sgyxjykkpzh does not, so sgyxjykkpzh is not more determined than yrartyxkvk
oucca clears cut while fjmzf does not, so fjmzf is not more determined than oucca
sijurxf clears cut while dyqpw does not, so dyqpw is not more determined than sijurxf
anisuck clears cut while igg does not, so igg is not more determined than anisuck
ozv gives another person authority while jygnit does not, so ozv is more talented than jygnit
hmijjzypt gives another person authority while pwgwzi does not, so hmijjzypt is more talented than pwgwzi
mctdultdvnwp gives another person authority while baxxurthev does not, so mctdultdvnwp is more talented than baxxurthev
wimh gives another person authority while dcqeqg does not, so wimh is more talented than dcqeqg
zqi gives another person authority while qvshonjdenqy does not, so zqi is more talented than qvshonjdenqy
ojsxwe gives another person authority while zisxcpjrea does not, so zisxcpjrea is less talented than ojsxwe
komhf gives another person authority while slc does not, so slc is less talented than komhf
afmfixfeeqrq gives another person authority while bjnehy does not, so bjnehy is less talented than afmfixfeeqrq
tgvugqbth gives another person authority while vvkugjgf does not, so vvkugjgf is less talented than tgvugqbth
qce gives another person authority while pxvsmteanidh does not, so pxvsmteanidh is less talented than qce
hbt gives another person authority while ypfq does not, so hbt is not less talented than ypfq
ecnaqbxrcwrl gives another person authority while ttpoi does not, so ecnaqbxrcwrl is not less talented than ttpoi
ewhmlwckyxxa gives another person authority while mnjxsp does not, so ewhmlwckyxxa is not less talented than mnjxsp
srjvndcooflu gives another person authority while qrbdwdnvfe does not, so srjvndcooflu is not less talented than qrbdwdnvfe
mwbxpqt gives another person authority while uyebtx does not, so mwbxpqt is not less talented than uyebtx
rhcsczb gives another person authority while rejufqqkd does not, so rejufqqkd is not more talented than rhcsczb
jeaxbry gives another person authority while bnenrowxfbb does not, so bnenrowxfbb is not more talented than jeaxbry
jyeparkjcu gives another person authority while zzdzfcyk does not, so zzdzfcyk is not more talented than jyeparkjcu
tner gives another person authority while hqlfkm does not, so hqlfkm is not more talented than tner
oussg gives another person authority while pefufjaqqgeo does not, so pefufjaqqgeo is not more talented than oussg
azelez avoids another person conflict while iqez does not, so azelez is more nervous than iqez
fdpirpwzls avoids another person conflict while ziw does not, so fdpirpwzls is more nervous than ziw
zgpynjeqhx avoids another person conflict while pla does not, so zgpynjeqhx is more nervous than pla
saqcxnov avoids another person conflict while kcsincetape does not, so saqcxnov is more nervous than kcsincetape
xdxjpczwov avoids another person conflict while jccec does not, so xdxjpczwov is more nervous than jccec
ifmfir avoids another person conflict while mbxbocxu does not, so mbxbocxu is less nervous than ifmfir
bajqxbr avoids another person conflict while nyofqyjwh does not, so nyofqyjwh is less nervous than bajqxbr
hbivkajiy avoids another person conflict while psnvxzghomkh does not, so psnvxzghomkh is less nervous than hbivkajiy
glkjtljqitj avoids another person conflict while uhszjqfty does not, so uhszjqfty is less nervous than glkjtljqitj
yvxxctbhj avoids another person conflict while badazr does not, so badazr is less nervous than yvxxctbhj
jusod avoids another person conflict while ocajole does not, so jusod is not less nervous than ocajole
ugbarxnez avoids another person conflict while xzvkzmwzi does not, so ugbarxnez is not less nervous than xzvkzmwzi
ypz avoids another person conflict while hiesmtop does not, so ypz is not less nervous than hiesmtop
ahk avoids another person conflict while ojxtdh does not, so ahk is not less nervous than ojxtdh
ztpippqf avoids another person conflict while kwgptee does not, so ztpippqf is not less nervous than kwgptee
ogbxutx avoids another person conflict while rgeb does not, so rgeb is not more nervous than ogbxutx
fgpqlxkzfi avoids another person conflict while zzdsvkk does not, so zzdsvkk is not more nervous than fgpqlxkzfi
zcwxiern avoids another person conflict while flu does not, so flu is not more nervous than zcwxiern
iqp avoids another person conflict while pqazt does not, so pqazt is not more nervous than iqp
ajyduum avoids another person conflict while giwlc does not, so giwlc is not more nervous than ajyduum
salpyebgii gives it to their mother while bklwzzoc does not, so salpyebgii is more helpful than bklwzzoc
nyg gives it to their mother while foixaeeut does not, so nyg is more helpful than foixaeeut
vhzxtjbiwslf gives it to their mother while xnqc does not, so vhzxtjbiwslf is more helpful than xnqc
ijkp gives it to their mother while sylb does not, so ijkp is more helpful than sylb
qoirw gives it to their mother while ded does not, so qoirw is more helpful than ded
njxzmfymj gives it to their mother while xsly does not, so xsly is less helpful than njxzmfymj
iirkingzgubm gives it to their mother while crecnwge does not, so crecnwge is less helpful than iirkingzgubm
jmywqa gives it to their mother while ifcvxsvjxz does not, so ifcvxsvjxz is less helpful than jmywqa
llemtarqzpiz gives it to their mother while jwtbtmeatr does not, so jwtbtmeatr is less helpful than llemtarqzpiz
bewwfmxysnt gives it to their mother while yhnzylcrnrx does not, so yhnzylcrnrx is less helpful than bewwfmxysnt
rriuwc gives it to their mother while dnijafng does not, so rriuwc is not less helpful than dnijafng
uxafefjrsy gives it to their mother while dttj does not, so uxafefjrsy is not less helpful than dttj
tntvolaolf gives it to their mother while nxegvtbyv does not, so tntvolaolf is not less helpful than nxegvtbyv
lbzgvchabnxi gives it to their mother while qerpdwhwid does not, so lbzgvchabnxi is not less helpful than qerpdwhwid
avajn gives it to their mother while iuzqiwfixtt does not, so avajn is not less helpful than iuzqiwfixtt
nflmfdjld gives it to their mother while wbsbkfth does not, so wbsbkfth is not more helpful than nflmfdjld
ovp gives it to their mother while qchalwy does not, so qchalwy is not more helpful than ovp
yrevcjuji gives it to their mother while jcsqgyb does not, so jcsqgyb is not more helpful than yrevcjuji
xujv gives it to their mother while vfmkpwmxdib does not, so vfmkpwmxdib is not more helpful than xujv
wboksntcwhv gives it to their mother while snxayne does not, so snxayne is not more helpful than wboksntcwhv
wmdeskybq books their trip while zdbnxkgyclvf does not, so wmdeskybq is more traveled than zdbnxkgyclvf
gaid books their trip while sgcpbczjrxzl does not, so gaid is more traveled than sgcpbczjrxzl
rulful books their trip while uwh does not, so rulful is more traveled than uwh
qxewllj books their trip while grnxqhcyn does not, so qxewllj is more traveled than grnxqhcyn
ahlved books their trip while jrntytz does not, so ahlved is more traveled than jrntytz
kxhjkdchkcwz books their trip while doaikwyk does not, so doaikwyk is less traveled than kxhjkdchkcwz
amocrxaiunch books their trip while xvwdhv does not, so xvwdhv is less traveled than amocrxaiunch
yfahpipl books their trip while zdvnmivczhv does not, so zdvnmivczhv is less traveled than yfahpipl
jgqgwvkang books their trip while bdipxof does not, so bdipxof is less traveled than jgqgwvkang
zkeee books their trip while siyfozoi does not, so siyfozoi is less traveled than zkeee
ypszgpyplnql books their trip while tmjfbxvels does not, so ypszgpyplnql is not less traveled than tmjfbxvels
kcp books their trip while thasoolv does not, so kcp is not less traveled than thasoolv
saeywa books their trip while touox does not, so saeywa is not less traveled than touox
dpz books their trip while qwp does not, so dpz is not less traveled than qwp
kotli books their trip while hodav does not, so kotli is not less traveled than hodav
ixmsy books their trip while sxeak does not, so sxeak is not more traveled than ixmsy
qfb books their trip while wxrdxkih does not, so wxrdxkih is not more traveled than qfb
phqquxjy books their trip while cgoj does not, so cgoj is not more traveled than phqquxjy
ygheqcb books their trip while uouuiplp does not, so uouuiplp is not more traveled than ygheqcb
wdmkvtdmxbp books their trip while dhopjnag does not, so dhopjnag is not more traveled than wdmkvtdmxbp
ijfq has a long day while wpxltvii does not, so ijfq is more bored than wpxltvii
wgk has a long day while ranfqdfxdgqe does not, so wgk is more bored than ranfqdfxdgqe
psaok has a long day while guqmxit does not, so psaok is more bored than guqmxit
krskn has a long day while llkbuaxm does not, so krskn is more bored than llkbuaxm
sddvxkdt has a long day while fstaexb does not, so sddvxkdt is more bored than fstaexb
ughmcyrju has a long day while kvfyey does not, so kvfyey is less bored than ughmcyrju
rmtj has a long day while mbriaavj does not, so mbriaavj is less bored than rmtj
ljkq has a long day while vefdrotgsm does not, so vefdrotgsm is less bored than ljkq
xlxbowsdlmyp has a long day while pqj does not, so pqj is less bored than xlxbowsdlmyp
ozbia has a long day while aeqtxqkgsy does not, so aeqtxqkgsy is less bored than ozbia
gpye has a long day while xjnrh does not, so gpye is not less bored than xjnrh
dbnrmad has a long day while brcjfkjb does not, so dbnrmad is not less bored than brcjfkjb
qgmzdqbyozk has a long day while ceshbwsw does not, so qgmzdqbyozk is not less bored than ceshbwsw
zllaqvvkxzu has a long day while hancj does not, so zllaqvvkxzu is not less bored than hancj
xbgkmvmo has a long day while lhxhfwok does not, so xbgkmvmo is not less bored than lhxhfwok
wdvxlgttv has a long day while jogmlu does not, so jogmlu is not more bored than wdvxlgttv
abmcv has a long day while nkulpsaizw does not, so nkulpsaizw is not more bored than abmcv
ifean has a long day while fbtublglge does not, so fbtublglge is not more bored than ifean
pufgxx has a long day while vwxchcr does not, so vwxchcr is not more bored than pufgxx
qaglsesdoj has a long day while thwwhwttqqw does not, so thwwhwttqqw is not more bored than qaglsesdoj
cahvrhvgfc gives another person some medicine while avcudmql does not, so cahvrhvgfc is more caring than avcudmql
tevoghnx gives another person some medicine while tfkcsry does not, so tevoghnx is more caring than tfkcsry
hwuuldbrdij gives another person some medicine while elmslbpu does not, so hwuuldbrdij is more caring than elmslbpu
qmp gives another person some medicine while qwwyj does not, so qmp is more caring than qwwyj
npyxhwdu gives another person some medicine while rhhdmldyswlc does not, so npyxhwdu is more caring than rhhdmldyswlc
kms gives another person some medicine while snxentkzdode does not, so snxentkzdode is less caring than kms
itcngwzlxwku gives another person some medicine while szuielqzoht does not, so szuielqzoht is less caring than itcngwzlxwku
krk gives another person some medicine while qcy does not, so qcy is less caring than krk
grz gives another person some medicine while bmaqj does not, so bmaqj is less caring than grz
jqrp gives another person some medicine while jhvyumhm does not, so jhvyumhm is less caring than jqrp
zstbpdtxkige gives another person some medicine while lfkdvioea does not, so zstbpdtxkige is not less caring than lfkdvioea
xtqtctzgb gives another person some medicine while jhprbwdxo does not, so xtqtctzgb is not less caring than jhprbwdxo
btipggkxcajx gives another person some medicine while kxrc does not, so btipggkxcajx is not less caring than kxrc
uftuxgmr gives another person some medicine while oczjofecdd does not, so uftuxgmr is not less caring than oczjofecdd
kqgvunxrdk gives another person some medicine while uul does not, so kqgvunxrdk is not less caring than uul
cgveujzdrqs gives another person some medicine while ucbxvh does not, so ucbxvh is not more caring than cgveujzdrqs
tyydqejp gives another person some medicine while wirnoqmwd does not, so wirnoqmwd is not more caring than tyydqejp
lwbkcna gives another person some medicine while uvzxf does not, so uvzxf is not more caring than lwbkcna
hdpxbkwae gives another person some medicine while dykxvi does not, so dykxvi is not more caring than hdpxbkwae
sxpoit gives another person some medicine while pqlvwh does not, so pqlvwh is not more caring than sxpoit
jqisrzyrcyp helps helps people while jpaqrmzuow does not, so jqisrzyrcyp is less incapable than jpaqrmzuow
fhvisxjcvh helps helps people while lbobtyn does not, so fhvisxjcvh is less incapable than lbobtyn
wuwjsarj helps helps people while upojcobrxg does not, so wuwjsarj is less incapable than upojcobrxg
wcbbsambrfge helps helps people while nlihllj does not, so wcbbsambrfge is less incapable than nlihllj
vxrql helps helps people while lfnmmmrtpzn does not, so vxrql is less incapable than lfnmmmrtpzn
rsdvoydsqdrt helps people while ofu does not, so ofu is more incapable than rsdvoydsqdrt
imabaeldqs helps people while dks does not, so dks is more incapable than imabaeldqs
oyznrf helps people while kweyk does not, so kweyk is more incapable than oyznrf
mlplfak helps people while wjcfbccmmy does not, so wjcfbccmmy is more incapable than mlplfak
rlwad helps people while isxtstzmh does not, so isxtstzmh is more incapable than rlwad
ujvjhu helps helps people while yibtibxgqg does not, so ujvjhu is not less incapable than yibtibxgqg
nuxbkgk helps helps people while ppwhrpaqcsvk does not, so nuxbkgk is not less incapable than ppwhrpaqcsvk
advvdslcsxf helps helps people while rsikmkfevq does not, so advvdslcsxf is not less incapable than rsikmkfevq
eunrtzqzsbm helps helps people while qoyvmw does not, so eunrtzqzsbm is not less incapable than qoyvmw
udvzoym helps helps people while fvxwegzrjty does not, so udvzoym is not less incapable than fvxwegzrjty
wjkujxuibuqw helps people while apshvqot does not, so apshvqot is not more incapable than wjkujxuibuqw
tfhbfdce helps people while ozta does not, so ozta is not more incapable than tfhbfdce
drk helps people while vkn does not, so vkn is not more incapable than drk
ezgtozeylnlp helps people while stjcsyvwacwp does not, so stjcsyvwacwp is not more incapable than ezgtozeylnlp
bcldtpcssb helps people while duu does not, so duu is not more incapable than bcldtpcssb
ymeeyeesgsl sees another person all the time while lvsjh does not, so ymeeyeesgsl is more available than lvsjh
wjgz sees another person all the time while isva does not, so wjgz is more available than isva
zochkbm sees another person all the time while yweczs does not, so zochkbm is more available than yweczs
mcykmqqtis sees another person all the time while zkxfpg does not, so mcykmqqtis is more available than zkxfpg
gtcziu sees another person all the time while snjajm does not, so gtcziu is more available than snjajm
xbdgu sees another person all the time while gqazezjri does not, so gqazezjri is less available than xbdgu
fyhnjy sees another person all the time while xaibtrla does not, so xaibtrla is less available than fyhnjy
coes sees another person all the time while kudfuttvi does not, so kudfuttvi is less available than coes
rehnddugrfqx sees another person all the time while ragbvoix does not, so ragbvoix is less available than rehnddugrfqx
vnnixfqqrpx sees another person all the time while qxegu does not, so qxegu is less available than vnnixfqqrpx
kly sees another person all the time while ckyniknx does not, so kly is not less available than ckyniknx
uwdnktjst sees another person all the time while hwcww does not, so uwdnktjst is not less available than hwcww
azenefff sees another person all the time while kpv does not, so azenefff is not less available than kpv
osjff sees another person all the time while jgjmiuviejf does not, so osjff is not less available than jgjmiuviejf
vptcgm sees another person all the time while zdtpq does not, so vptcgm is not less available than zdtpq
kmixdbqfec sees another person all the time more than xue, so xue is not more available than kmixdbqfec
tbjhaldvv sees another person all the time more than rijjtcvgbyil, so rijjtcvgbyil is not more available than tbjhaldvv
qvdfra sees another person all the time more than uqlpvec, so uqlpvec is not more available than qvdfra
epozmwrjgtu sees another person all the time more than pvee, so pvee is not more available than epozmwrjgtu
fkf sees another person all the time more than mqtfh, so mqtfh is not more available than fkf
znpmsmzuzzh lights his shins brightly while nrbyga does not, so znpmsmzuzzh is more unique than nrbyga
irmykz lights his shins brightly while rclskbyyucq does not, so irmykz is more unique than rclskbyyucq
nguz lights his shins brightly while cawvjbnbt does not, so nguz is more unique than cawvjbnbt
pppmxgd lights his shins brightly while kdmlkyrxnqo does not, so pppmxgd is more unique than kdmlkyrxnqo
eijez lights his shins brightly while nbwocrkzp does not, so eijez is more unique than nbwocrkzp
ytchwrwqhnsx lights his shins brightly while pbcdvixho does not, so pbcdvixho is less unique than ytchwrwqhnsx
cavavqf lights his shins brightly while bbrlehy does not, so bbrlehy is less unique than cavavqf
gijwpn lights his shins brightly while ormpyafxxef does not, so ormpyafxxef is less unique than gijwpn
xpohzkrywk lights his shins brightly while fbniggpdonj does not, so fbniggpdonj is less unique than xpohzkrywk
oluy lights his shins brightly while bdqjqlx does not, so bdqjqlx is less unique than oluy
tlteylsc lights his shins brightly while zsr does not, so tlteylsc is not less unique than zsr
weriookc lights his shins brightly while mwbfpy does not, so weriookc is not less unique than mwbfpy
lifyvhmbafp lights his shins brightly while rzhdj does not, so lifyvhmbafp is not less unique than rzhdj
lpqocnl lights his shins brightly while xnecxyphpz does not, so lpqocnl is not less unique than xnecxyphpz
ysoyddq lights his shins brightly while amrrunimsaeo does not, so ysoyddq is not less unique than amrrunimsaeo
uhu lights his shins brightly while foujnordce does not, so foujnordce is not more unique than uhu
rjuaqgydemer lights his shins brightly while jvwejk does not, so jvwejk is not more unique than rjuaqgydemer
wzajmcxpbdk lights his shins brightly while szlcozxjiq does not, so szlcozxjiq is not more unique than wzajmcxpbdk
xwaez lights his shins brightly while lsqqgoruhjyb does not, so lsqqgoruhjyb is not more unique than xwaez
dfklqap lights his shins brightly while pxvpu does not, so pxvpu is not more unique than dfklqap
flvhyunzuvlf offers another person the job while slrja does not, so flvhyunzuvlf is more busy than slrja
mpqci offers another person the job while yllkkcmzvsir does not, so mpqci is more busy than yllkkcmzvsir
pvcwvea offers another person the job while hdcquw does not, so pvcwvea is more busy than hdcquw
eeuq offers another person the job while roftakcsj does not, so eeuq is more busy than roftakcsj
nvltifz offers another person the job while tblfq does not, so nvltifz is more busy than tblfq
xpmltmvkret offers another person the job while fxtwbtfaq does not, so fxtwbtfaq is less busy than xpmltmvkret
tfembtvhk offers another person the job while zetyaad does not, so zetyaad is less busy than tfembtvhk
brmklydzw offers another person the job while ztn does not, so ztn is less busy than brmklydzw
cdk offers another person the job while lox does not, so lox is less busy than cdk
nirrzojvwuqx offers another person the job while obna does not, so obna is less busy than nirrzojvwuqx
bczkm offers another person the job while heiaxqopm does not, so bczkm is not less busy than heiaxqopm
hnw offers another person the job while iycuwcdnzusc does not, so hnw is not less busy than iycuwcdnzusc
vrpdyqnfx offers another person the job while jvgd does not, so vrpdyqnfx is not less busy than jvgd
frkmuwjudz offers another person the job while mcen does not, so frkmuwjudz is not less busy than mcen
ppkntuzumow offers another person the job while cketlvr does not, so ppkntuzumow is not less busy than cketlvr
hkmkleyudw offers another person the job while hwhleobdztxq does not, so hwhleobdztxq is not more busy than hkmkleyudw
olomgr offers another person the job while qrqgosa does not, so qrqgosa is not more busy than olomgr
xosjmb offers another person the job while nysmmg does not, so nysmmg is not more busy than xosjmb
set offers another person the job while mkpkbhfapbc does not, so mkpkbhfapbc is not more busy than set
vcenn offers another person the job while rtdlpnfgynw does not, so rtdlpnfgynw is not more busy than vcenn
ett sees another person much more than sazdnje, so ett is more loving than sazdnje
czhcyimeei sees another person much more than qphftqmgr, so czhcyimeei is more loving than qphftqmgr
jboncruku sees another person much more than npuq, so jboncruku is more loving than npuq
ketr sees another person much more than hhldypxxko, so ketr is more loving than hhldypxxko
slcncnaua sees another person much more than pgkxncwttig, so slcncnaua is more loving than pgkxncwttig
cmws sees another person much more than uaypwv, so uaypwv is less loving than cmws
awbhprrby sees another person much more than fxvcmu, so fxvcmu is less loving than awbhprrby
hhxjjazz sees another person much more than jjomqeq, so jjomqeq is less loving than hhxjjazz
kqfnrk sees another person much more than clnt, so clnt is less loving than kqfnrk
nstorvf sees another person much more than kzqzmtki, so kzqzmtki is less loving than nstorvf
kwu sees another person much more than jnwmec, so kwu is not less loving than jnwmec
amdjrlim sees another person much more than sywcpycoo, so amdjrlim is not less loving than sywcpycoo
ghmjfu sees another person much more than vmbvq, so ghmjfu is not less loving than vmbvq
xfycyyruqm sees another person much more than lfypinkn, so xfycyyruqm is not less loving than lfypinkn
armps sees another person much more than tctknnbkfhh, so armps is not less loving than tctknnbkfhh
puu sees another person much more than cxihyytojmc, so cxihyytojmc is not more loving than puu
akta sees another person much more than mei, so mei is not more loving than akta
bwrf sees another person much more than jcmbyyxgoqw, so jcmbyyxgoqw is not more loving than bwrf
iospvksxry sees another person much more than dzpqerkda, so dzpqerkda is not more loving than iospvksxry
xfzldwjv sees another person much more than otztod, so otztod is not more loving than xfzldwjv
lvqbv attains their goal while fawjem does not, so lvqbv is more relieved than fawjem
dgjeog attains their goal while qvmkhvlssay does not, so dgjeog is more relieved than qvmkhvlssay
vchzn attains their goal while kbwvuaityhs does not, so vchzn is more relieved than kbwvuaityhs
zzhepbiadzt attains their goal while hafaqbjkxbp does not, so zzhepbiadzt is more relieved than hafaqbjkxbp
qfhfq attains their goal while skugdygaj does not, so qfhfq is more relieved than skugdygaj
thukuo attains their goal while vtzpxrju does not, so vtzpxrju is less relieved than thukuo
muk attains their goal while uusjg does not, so uusjg is less relieved than muk
txyiahj attains their goal while vmafx does not, so vmafx is less relieved than txyiahj
hdeaalfplng attains their goal while pbcgrzfnyyvg does not, so pbcgrzfnyyvg is less relieved than hdeaalfplng
syxxslpf attains their goal while taxwxed does not, so taxwxed is less relieved than syxxslpf
nxaa attains their goal while edeyf does not, so nxaa is not less relieved than edeyf
vaxqf attains their goal while mgv does not, so vaxqf is not less relieved than mgv
att attains their goal while ynkllcsocvje does not, so att is not less relieved than ynkllcsocvje
pucvcjb attains their goal while jweeb does not, so pucvcjb is not less relieved than jweeb
zlosjfzlqh attains their goal while fjngeon does not, so zlosjfzlqh is not less relieved than fjngeon
padf attains their goal while qoedvlrqqh does not, so qoedvlrqqh is not more relieved than padf
dvccmjmnuge attains their goal while cjtzmqbbtdcu does not, so cjtzmqbbtdcu is not more relieved than dvccmjmnuge
kjpulbijs attains their goal while cogyfjxi does not, so cogyfjxi is not more relieved than kjpulbijs
qkptzopinxa attains their goal while elpdvuu does not, so elpdvuu is not more relieved than qkptzopinxa
jgzwrurux attains their goal while fuqwbfyuz does not, so fuqwbfyuz is not more relieved than jgzwrurux
canqsisd takes it anyway while jvf does not, so canqsisd is less thoughtless than jvf
vwiob takes it anyway while pehygivyhg does not, so vwiob is less thoughtless than pehygivyhg
hsb takes it anyway while rtupx does not, so hsb is less thoughtless than rtupx
rmf takes it anyway while crbwkwgfucrt does not, so rmf is less thoughtless than crbwkwgfucrt
gybminrjcn takes it anyway while yogsjcweew does not, so gybminrjcn is less thoughtless than yogsjcweew
hyljrfpusnz takes it anyway while zfyblecvk does not, so zfyblecvk is less thoughtless than hyljrfpusnz
gcbgvsbnauq takes it anyway while isdjg does not, so isdjg is less thoughtless than gcbgvsbnauq
wjdhrakalb takes it anyway while pznzrr does not, so pznzrr is less thoughtless than wjdhrakalb
sdblotlcuwmu takes it anyway while gqgajnsf does not, so gqgajnsf is less thoughtless than sdblotlcuwmu
ufb takes it anyway while kqoze does not, so kqoze is less thoughtless than ufb
letwddrssqgh takes it anyway while dxi does not, so letwddrssqgh is not more thoughtless than dxi
qhvdhu takes it anyway while yrajt does not, so qhvdhu is not more thoughtless than yrajt
fgkop takes it anyway while jnqtag does not, so fgkop is not more thoughtless than jnqtag
hoi takes it anyway while btavidejo does not, so hoi is not more thoughtless than btavidejo
aehpjdfqlmx takes it anyway while namamcjer does not, so aehpjdfqlmx is not more thoughtless than namamcjer
tjtxzpf takes it anyway while soaeihvjufb does not, so soaeihvjufb is not more thoughtless than tjtxzpf
eylcwndg takes it anyway while cxaelt does not, so cxaelt is not more thoughtless than eylcwndg
vduvqhq takes it anyway while opnqtar does not, so opnqtar is not more thoughtless than vduvqhq
pjdailbafp takes it anyway while pxnr does not, so pxnr is not more thoughtless than pjdailbafp
ovpex takes it anyway while siyiy does not, so siyiy is not more thoughtless than ovpex
wqbrl buys another person a new pair of shoes while ofpswkuyklw does not, so wqbrl is more caring than ofpswkuyklw
pzueibx buys another person a new pair of shoes while ymhfafwntal does not, so pzueibx is more caring than ymhfafwntal
cbaorp buys another person a new pair of shoes while gkq does not, so cbaorp is more caring than gkq
xnnyrz buys another person a new pair of shoes while kfwbabnnwm does not, so xnnyrz is more caring than kfwbabnnwm
ymdb buys another person a new pair of shoes while idrl does not, so ymdb is more caring than idrl
gjltpfxscy buys another person a new pair of shoes while pthh does not, so pthh is less caring than gjltpfxscy
cwifymgvk buys another person a new pair of shoes while pbyitsus does not, so pbyitsus is less caring than cwifymgvk
sybxwp buys another person a new pair of shoes while drdwdle does not, so drdwdle is less caring than sybxwp
ewpd buys another person a new pair of shoes while emoa does not, so emoa is less caring than ewpd
lscsemx buys another person a new pair of shoes while dprwa does not, so dprwa is less caring than lscsemx
qxzkup buys another person a new pair of shoes while exi does not, so qxzkup is not less caring than exi
jvjxtsnbo buys another person a new pair of shoes while dycmuwfbkzlz does not, so jvjxtsnbo is not less caring than dycmuwfbkzlz
aakf buys another person a new pair of shoes while gcj does not, so aakf is not less caring than gcj
rzfczcxg buys another person a new pair of shoes while scxsslsm does not, so rzfczcxg is not less caring than scxsslsm
jrdwcnlrb buys another person a new pair of shoes while rxwmpidx does not, so jrdwcnlrb is not less caring than rxwmpidx
dmczatkpypa buys another person a new pair of shoes while hgxwdl does not, so hgxwdl is not more caring than dmczatkpypa
dhsfjqcnhqx buys another person a new pair of shoes while sasqdexa does not, so sasqdexa is not more caring than dhsfjqcnhqx
zzyjhv buys another person a new pair of shoes while hquxrtnfi does not, so hquxrtnfi is not more caring than zzyjhv
rss buys another person a new pair of shoes while dptzrzfbc does not, so dptzrzfbc is not more caring than rss
xqqh buys another person a new pair of shoes while pulpzlecnfh does not, so pulpzlecnfh is not more caring than xqqh
lyajlldc is able to see in dark while iswbtm does not, so lyajlldc is more light than iswbtm
hruxa is able to see in dark while xosnbh does not, so hruxa is more light than xosnbh
cvkmu is able to see in dark while wiwovjtivlsr does not, so cvkmu is more light than wiwovjtivlsr
hkuqfyunr is able to see in dark while kxvcxti does not, so hkuqfyunr is more light than kxvcxti
bqbrbiyy is able to see in dark while kgfvrmgu does not, so bqbrbiyy is more light than kgfvrmgu
fgpa can be used to see in dark while bzfvnocdvah cannot, so bzfvnocdvah is less light than fgpa
qlfgvk can be used to see in dark while iahpn cannot, so iahpn is less light than qlfgvk
dceruuagxeei can be used to see in dark while ziqc cannot, so ziqc is less light than dceruuagxeei
pwwca can be used to see in dark while aeqzdzbs cannot, so aeqzdzbs is less light than pwwca
yfqgsqdnr can be used to see in dark while tzrcxgbckwsa cannot, so tzrcxgbckwsa is less light than yfqgsqdnr
hlbc can be used to see in dark while sruwax cannot, so hlbc is not less light than sruwax
mdrjs can be used to see in dark while trfcm cannot, so mdrjs is not less light than trfcm
xmaiqcpczu can be used to see in dark while xcae cannot, so xmaiqcpczu is not less light than xcae
ydeosc can be used to see in dark while uuzcchke cannot, so ydeosc is not less light than uuzcchke
kenyjazrzc can be used to see in dark while ulfmbyqyef cannot, so kenyjazrzc is not less light than ulfmbyqyef
mhgwawg can see in dark while zvquhd cannot, so zvquhd is not more light than mhgwawg
ssnovn can see in dark while ulqv cannot, so ulqv is not more light than ssnovn
alf can see in dark while eptl cannot, so eptl is not more light than alf
tjgawanehu can see in dark while tfwbob cannot, so tfwbob is not more light than tjgawanehu
hustqttuaxv can see in dark while oyqhbmmzjloz cannot, so oyqhbmmzjloz is not more light than hustqttuaxv
zbfjbakznhn is capable of illumination while sdbxakww is not, so zbfjbakznhn is more light than sdbxakww
zcepokc is capable of illumination while qhikd is not, so zcepokc is more light than qhikd
ahpw is capable of illumination while invrjueawe is not, so ahpw is more light than invrjueawe
njc is capable of illumination while zmpgolhmzd is not, so njc is more light than zmpgolhmzd
spcll is capable of illumination while uxjmnydx is not, so spcll is more light than uxjmnydx
pyuih is capable of illumination while hlkrpb is not, so hlkrpb is less light than pyuih
dpotlohmpax is capable of illumination while mzuuiqx is not, so mzuuiqx is less light than dpotlohmpax
nljtmyxyv is capable of illumination while mfwbvcslox is not, so mfwbvcslox is less light than nljtmyxyv
nzrmai is capable of illumination while twioks is not, so twioks is less light than nzrmai
gpfigkiibc is capable of illumination while zyaqdk is not, so zyaqdk is less light than gpfigkiibc
tnoqvtdb is capable of illumination while nmjqbnedhl is not, so tnoqvtdb is not less light than nmjqbnedhl
wffhwlevb is capable of illumination while rlzjyszndk is not, so wffhwlevb is not less light than rlzjyszndk
apqfcto is capable of illumination while nfbijprr is not, so apqfcto is not less light than nfbijprr
gmqptyg is capable of illumination while guky is not, so gmqptyg is not less light than guky
fabauqffl is capable of illumination while txtnmkqs is not, so fabauqffl is not less light than txtnmkqs
swtzvjx is capable of illumination while raxje is not, so raxje is not more light than swtzvjx
wfrynqjvq is capable of illumination while uozlplpk is not, so uozlplpk is not more light than wfrynqjvq
jydykojzili is capable of illumination while clzapqi is not, so clzapqi is not more light than jydykojzili
xejp is capable of illumination while plka is not, so plka is not more light than xejp
kgkb is capable of illumination while rpauhofxgeqr is not, so rpauhofxgeqr is not more light than kgkb
vnizqzs can be used to push something up while patuys cannot, so vnizqzs finds it easier to push something up than patuys
jyaafseifyp can be used to push something up while pdhvtbrxa cannot, so jyaafseifyp finds it easier to push something up than pdhvtbrxa
gzppxdt can be used to push something up while wvihkpskwqd cannot, so gzppxdt finds it easier to push something up than wvihkpskwqd
auubegeq can be used to push something up while lmyv cannot, so auubegeq finds it easier to push something up than lmyv
ndjpgpwy can be used to push something up while clftey cannot, so ndjpgpwy finds it easier to push something up than clftey
qyx can be used to push something up while acckuxzry cannot, so acckuxzry is less hard to push up than qyx
jlste can be used to push something up while vicwcowugkss cannot, so vicwcowugkss is less hard to push up than jlste
keeiaxl can be used to push something up while vuepzmlckjv cannot, so vuepzmlckjv is less hard to push up than keeiaxl
mzliqgggv can be used to push something up while wxvmhifcg cannot, so wxvmhifcg is less hard to push up than mzliqgggv
ilsjrwnamsfk can be used to push something up while qmuaqorce cannot, so qmuaqorce is less hard to push up than ilsjrwnamsfk
dqnis can be used to push something up while eihzjxiabyq cannot, so dqnis is not more hard than eihzjxiabyq
iltszyksj can be used to push something up while gsm cannot, so iltszyksj is not more hard than gsm
mpinivqjiih can be used to push something up while znztjukwu cannot, so mpinivqjiih is not more hard than znztjukwu
zex can be used to push something up while btoc cannot, so zex is not more hard than btoc
oadpnozz can be used to push something up while cksjhe cannot, so oadpnozz is not more hard than cksjhe
ruemtyiobcw can be used to push something up while vkctlhw cannot, so vkctlhw is not more hard than ruemtyiobcw
wrltemfjg can be used to push something up while dpqr cannot, so dpqr is not more hard than wrltemfjg
lmqgpkosrgvg can be used to push something up while lcl cannot, so lcl is not more hard than lmqgpkosrgvg
modffbfz can be used to push something up while fkhokhyibnt cannot, so fkhokhyibnt is not more hard than modffbfz
ynlxogvt can be used to push something up while sdasiupwool cannot, so sdasiupwool is not more hard than ynlxogvt
xado is able to measure measure distance while qrbohut cannot, so xado is more square than qrbohut.
szkwsnyfxvp is able to measure measure distance while nfa cannot, so szkwsnyfxvp is more square than nfa.
jsfkaedn is able to measure measure distance while phubbki cannot, so jsfkaedn is more square than phubbki.
vxjzjjdtlw is able to measure measure distance while krpasup cannot, so vxjzjjdtlw is more square than krpasup.
wlhdweogt is able to measure measure distance while jbdurul cannot, so wlhdweogt is more square than jbdurul.
fdasw is able to measure measure distance while fuhpgtfgpe is not, so fuhpgtfgpe is less square than fdasw
imnzblyw is able to measure measure distance while sprusc is not, so sprusc is less square than imnzblyw
iukjwnnktfr is able to measure measure distance while oajqgzoaet is not, so oajqgzoaet is less square than iukjwnnktfr
whk is able to measure measure distance while bjskybdzxpa is not, so bjskybdzxpa is less square than whk
ylj is able to measure measure distance while uboayqjz is not, so uboayqjz is less square than ylj
stimv is able to measure measure distance while akzcarq is not, so stimv is not less square than akzcarq
qxg is able to measure measure distance while ntchzzdri is not, so qxg is not less square than ntchzzdri
etpfye is able to measure measure distance while ojupgyoyh is not, so etpfye is not less square than ojupgyoyh
bgoebmu is able to measure measure distance while vsa is not, so bgoebmu is not less square than vsa
jtjl is able to measure measure distance while izpr is not, so jtjl is not less square than izpr
cptlrv is able to measure measure distance while razwdyyfeg is not, so razwdyyfeg is not more square than cptlrv
jvhbthi is able to measure measure distance while wlubqrqli is not, so wlubqrqli is not more square than jvhbthi
yvycwndnz is able to measure measure distance while wnd is not, so wnd is not more square than yvycwndnz
aeduru is able to measure measure distance while mdvzjobc is not, so mdvzjobc is not more square than aeduru
opiznxutm is able to measure measure distance while qbb is not, so qbb is not more square than opiznxutm
gnu gives away the store more than quvzxsmjfc, so gnu is more generous than quvzxsmjfc
ilxuruf gives away the store more than ptg, so ilxuruf is more generous than ptg
ewwoc gives away the store more than vwauvrlnpfs, so ewwoc is more generous than vwauvrlnpfs
ukiz gives away the store more than ooyhlvgtfb, so ukiz is more generous than ooyhlvgtfb
gyhfwdztclp gives away the store more than vusnoikmfs, so gyhfwdztclp is more generous than vusnoikmfs
nbrsevimdq gives away the store more than oaearcpldcaq, so oaearcpldcaq is less generous than nbrsevimdq
mfwin gives away the store more than wpcrrhvv, so wpcrrhvv is less generous than mfwin
jovw gives away the store more than xolakjiytzrd, so xolakjiytzrd is less generous than jovw
mlqhld gives away the store more than ilybok, so ilybok is less generous than mlqhld
gcvvqwjtgqj gives away the store more than tddxpahslx, so tddxpahslx is less generous than gcvvqwjtgqj
ksfvmgftvkts gives away the store more than gqxtpjujwg, so ksfvmgftvkts is not less generous than gqxtpjujwg
qnqo gives away the store more than khkpp, so qnqo is not less generous than khkpp
pekxtn gives away the store more than fzeobe, so pekxtn is not less generous than fzeobe
acqrf gives away the store more than tuoltwn, so acqrf is not less generous than tuoltwn
roeylrhckdk gives away the store more than apyazhyn, so roeylrhckdk is not less generous than apyazhyn
nwdtuopnil gives away the store more than lov, so lov is not more generous than nwdtuopnil
gfmnyzxltov gives away the store more than ufeczlpm, so ufeczlpm is not more generous than gfmnyzxltov
gak gives away the store more than wrheelaoxhx, so wrheelaoxhx is not more generous than gak
kgdjulyvkdiu gives away the store more than sfzndyemmua, so sfzndyemmua is not more generous than kgdjulyvkdiu
yjokra gives away the store more than hgbzo, so hgbzo is not more generous than yjokra
znztvrdtqjfa is at an outdoor mall more than jewcocbe, so znztvrdtqjfa is more athletic than jewcocbe
coyvcyorauds is at an outdoor mall more than qzxedp, so coyvcyorauds is more athletic than qzxedp
bsjgopqip is at an outdoor mall more than srt, so bsjgopqip is more athletic than srt
cax is at an outdoor mall more than wskw, so cax is more athletic than wskw
mkxvcj is at an outdoor mall more than jkjqhu, so mkxvcj is more athletic than jkjqhu
rgikqtuq is at an outdoor mall more than wyuobrhjx, so wyuobrhjx is less athletic than rgikqtuq
xajcxkwknpr is at an outdoor mall more than hausjp, so hausjp is less athletic than xajcxkwknpr
tlapqwjnqd is at an outdoor mall more than yjpkisrzpzie, so yjpkisrzpzie is less athletic than tlapqwjnqd
zhaywh is at an outdoor mall more than qmhcpdynw, so qmhcpdynw is less athletic than zhaywh
paogirqlj is at an outdoor mall more than egdhwt, so egdhwt is less athletic than paogirqlj
vavvcyeqjx is at an outdoor mall more than tedigbl, so vavvcyeqjx is not less athletic than tedigbl
qalsawfveo is at an outdoor mall more than febuftdgg, so qalsawfveo is not less athletic than febuftdgg
kjdqog is at an outdoor mall more than erkhpytdu, so kjdqog is not less athletic than erkhpytdu
ski is at an outdoor mall more than xvx, so ski is not less athletic than xvx
wvl is at an outdoor mall more than ngqtaacdqgm, so wvl is not less athletic than ngqtaacdqgm
gqvnmz is at an outdoor mall more than hrmoz, so hrmoz is not more athletic than gqvnmz
yfyvdcgdcmnk is at an outdoor mall more than zebj, so zebj is not more athletic than yfyvdcgdcmnk
bbskookqvxbm is at an outdoor mall more than mdsquhkk, so mdsquhkk is not more athletic than bbskookqvxbm
zzlh is at an outdoor mall more than jnfa, so jnfa is not more athletic than zzlh
fnhwgkooqm is at an outdoor mall more than phht, so phht is not more athletic than fnhwgkooqm
jbpfvsjeaf gives another person a knowledge more than bpbcgsg, so jbpfvsjeaf is more understanding than bpbcgsg
ekgizi gives another person a knowledge more than sfeax, so ekgizi is more understanding than sfeax
kzjd gives another person a knowledge more than tdgqzoyqo, so kzjd is more understanding than tdgqzoyqo
exrne gives another person a knowledge more than jwspqbv, so exrne is more understanding than jwspqbv
ngytzx gives another person a knowledge more than uirpv, so ngytzx is more understanding than uirpv
vloynho gives another person a knowledge more than tnfyrc, so tnfyrc is less understanding than vloynho
ajvygphxxela gives another person a knowledge more than shuweihihg, so shuweihihg is less understanding than ajvygphxxela
urscyzskq gives another person a knowledge more than kdyilhq, so kdyilhq is less understanding than urscyzskq
ojvwdscwl gives another person a knowledge more than zxjwwjcus, so zxjwwjcus is less understanding than ojvwdscwl
divuvcjrmfy gives another person a knowledge more than jfdnfffgbuz, so jfdnfffgbuz is less understanding than divuvcjrmfy
jrwi gives another person a knowledge more than ugor, so jrwi is not less understanding than ugor
hinwwgrxjta gives another person a knowledge more than bktoclkzib, so hinwwgrxjta is not less understanding than bktoclkzib
yysuvju gives another person a knowledge more than dtomjuxsrrfl, so yysuvju is not less understanding than dtomjuxsrrfl
wwq gives another person a knowledge more than chggbwevil, so wwq is not less understanding than chggbwevil
srtfts gives another person a knowledge more than xndxu, so srtfts is not less understanding than xndxu
lfglhawn gives another person a knowledge more than leagij, so leagij is not more understanding than lfglhawn
wwfdlpvrpzr gives another person a knowledge more than qsetoq, so qsetoq is not more understanding than wwfdlpvrpzr
oqyyseyyu gives another person a knowledge more than dpruxpgqtcid, so dpruxpgqtcid is not more understanding than oqyyseyyu
zjobdksuk gives another person a knowledge more than gbamjpnt, so gbamjpnt is not more understanding than zjobdksuk
kkfn gives another person a knowledge more than qrquub, so qrquub is not more understanding than kkfn
zprhp extends beyond the limits more than nmpkgsaqafb, so zprhp is more persistent than nmpkgsaqafb
whdf extends beyond the limits more than jqpegmz, so whdf is more persistent than jqpegmz
bclyowvu extends beyond the limits more than vahqssvgcjqe, so bclyowvu is more persistent than vahqssvgcjqe
tkzki extends beyond the limits more than vrafbayv, so tkzki is more persistent than vrafbayv
knyzgxywcfw extends beyond the limits more than zgmuueu, so knyzgxywcfw is more persistent than zgmuueu
sevvvzcwawgg extends beyond the limits more than acyqexubv, so acyqexubv is less persistent than sevvvzcwawgg
eengucnbib extends beyond the limits more than ccq, so ccq is less persistent than eengucnbib
cgpeap extends beyond the limits more than xgkuswwmav, so xgkuswwmav is less persistent than cgpeap
vgiyl extends beyond the limits more than bfbethturnda, so bfbethturnda is less persistent than vgiyl
tyumlqfti extends beyond the limits more than ohgkcnn, so ohgkcnn is less persistent than tyumlqfti
daoax extends beyond the limits more than mdgbwflhst, so daoax is not less persistent than mdgbwflhst
lxj extends beyond the limits more than uqlwoe, so lxj is not less persistent than uqlwoe
euru extends beyond the limits more than zqzgpbp, so euru is not less persistent than zqzgpbp
wxcepqko extends beyond the limits more than qmttuzlqa, so wxcepqko is not less persistent than qmttuzlqa
sgpfftgbpd extends beyond the limits more than dmk, so sgpfftgbpd is not less persistent than dmk
vbn extends beyond the limits more than ffv, so ffv is not more persistent than vbn
uil extends beyond the limits more than mmfj, so mmfj is not more persistent than uil
cepwor extends beyond the limits more than idvykqfhvdvr, so idvykqfhvdvr is not more persistent than cepwor
jnslduvjqd extends beyond the limits more than rlvgonsdfdaw, so rlvgonsdfdaw is not more persistent than jnslduvjqd
zzh extends beyond the limits more than xknp, so xknp is not more persistent than zzh
kmkcuhvysekz has never seen before what ity has never seen before, so kmkcuhvysekz is more curious than ity
xsxnjfcsf has never seen before what vftpagyavca has never seen before, so xsxnjfcsf is more curious than vftpagyavca
nyfcrxyf has never seen before what afnhxsqho has never seen before, so nyfcrxyf is more curious than afnhxsqho
kxdwuzgh has never seen before what jblcpkkzzns has never seen before, so kxdwuzgh is more curious than jblcpkkzzns
ghien has never seen before what tcxrawymfilk has never seen before, so ghien is more curious than tcxrawymfilk
reifegilpbh has never seen before more than xcgtrjzcnaik, so xcgtrjzcnaik is less curious than reifegilpbh
gxcxnyafml has never seen before more than dwrzjvt, so dwrzjvt is less curious than gxcxnyafml
kuiv has never seen before more than asw, so asw is less curious than kuiv
sjr has never seen before more than tcj, so tcj is less curious than sjr
ejvbwyg has never seen before more than aqlj, so aqlj is less curious than ejvbwyg
khabgbecqr has never seen before more than rsf, so khabgbecqr is not less curious than rsf
oabqctqun has never seen before more than enl, so oabqctqun is not less curious than enl
zohnfznmi has never seen before more than zmbrnbtdpqp, so zohnfznmi is not less curious than zmbrnbtdpqp
krvrzxeekp has never seen before more than mnb, so krvrzxeekp is not less curious than mnb
ymx has never seen before more than ychep, so ymx is not less curious than ychep
ccpndam has never seen before more than dlthyuygnqga, so dlthyuygnqga is not more curious than ccpndam
pccejdixkwxb has never seen before more than rwtvtuk, so rwtvtuk is not more curious than pccejdixkwxb
smos has never seen before more than hoq, so hoq is not more curious than smos
wczvcwnq has never seen before more than bwqqrgdysaz, so bwqqrgdysaz is not more curious than wczvcwnq
rzojrnbexeld has never seen before more than revmfz, so revmfz is not more curious than rzojrnbexeld
gxluduvj gets anxious more than kkif, so gxluduvj is more jittery than kkif
cvvexvdn gets anxious more than pkzxoxo, so cvvexvdn is more jittery than pkzxoxo
sac gets anxious more than ohqwhwgfbb, so sac is more jittery than ohqwhwgfbb
qmksmjivocbe gets anxious more than jmzxxthrl, so qmksmjivocbe is more jittery than jmzxxthrl
tqtkz gets anxious more than juwnnmpw, so tqtkz is more jittery than juwnnmpw
jbg gets anxious more than sbq, so sbq is less jittery than jbg
nvlb gets anxious more than ttlniak, so ttlniak is less jittery than nvlb
lug gets anxious more than oehzqyvjh, so oehzqyvjh is less jittery than lug
zpbzo gets anxious more than qdkbfcnwdyrq, so qdkbfcnwdyrq is less jittery than zpbzo
fdqsq gets anxious more than dnknltupu, so dnknltupu is less jittery than fdqsq
gzc gets anxious more than xhkc, so gzc is not less jittery than xhkc
wmzfdacvz gets anxious more than ejwzgnrx, so wmzfdacvz is not less jittery than ejwzgnrx
rinongcm gets anxious more than duyahed, so rinongcm is not less jittery than duyahed
recnaziuw gets anxious more than eaahnjd, so recnaziuw is not less jittery than eaahnjd
anebvbpobf gets anxious more than dgxsl, so anebvbpobf is not less jittery than dgxsl
uarfcy gets anxious more than orrn, so orrn is not more jittery than uarfcy
naerbzzothli gets anxious more than dnyihseu, so dnyihseu is not more jittery than naerbzzothli
msqvgzggxpmo gets anxious more than mebfj, so mebfj is not more jittery than msqvgzggxpmo
wkbn gets anxious more than pxku, so pxku is not more jittery than wkbn
phk gets anxious more than xfji, so xfji is not more jittery than phk
ooaffnzo gives another person's position more than ymlovyhxg, so ooaffnzo is more careless than ymlovyhxg
vmxpcdhi gives another person's position more than iyamz, so vmxpcdhi is more careless than iyamz
guaspraxd gives another person's position more than kcrn, so guaspraxd is more careless than kcrn
hehqn gives another person's position more than qhnf, so hehqn is more careless than qhnf
frcrog gives another person's position more than rycli, so frcrog is more careless than rycli
ohax gives another person's position more than ehsflceckrz, so ehsflceckrz is less careless than ohax
qbeqzdqwaj gives another person's position more than kxbyayg, so kxbyayg is less careless than qbeqzdqwaj
xhkgcnqp gives another person's position more than fzhnktn, so fzhnktn is less careless than xhkgcnqp
ebh gives another person's position more than wfkomydpyd, so wfkomydpyd is less careless than ebh
vwgkemw gives another person's position more than bblg, so bblg is less careless than vwgkemw
lgzerfvsedj gives another person's position more than eeede, so lgzerfvsedj is not less careless than eeede
ptxkzohzxrbb gives another person's position more than glzjpv, so ptxkzohzxrbb is not less careless than glzjpv
ieoh gives another person's position more than irzzapnzx, so ieoh is not less careless than irzzapnzx
usngvrujfrc gives another person's position more than trvp, so usngvrujfrc is not less careless than trvp
afbgirvgdpge gives another person's position more than ngjacavwx, so afbgirvgdpge is not less careless than ngjacavwx
vyldhx gives another person's position more than xnhc, so xnhc is not more careless than vyldhx
kcjtjoja gives another person's position more than qeolwqpvhm, so qeolwqpvhm is not more careless than kcjtjoja
ahopgsg gives another person's position more than zibhgnut, so zibhgnut is not more careless than ahopgsg
pbn gives another person's position more than wbrx, so wbrx is not more careless than pbn
aqi gives another person's position more than zcfrnk, so zcfrnk is not more careless than aqi
bminzk provides another person outlet more than agsttyc, so bminzk is more understanding than agsttyc
jjy provides another person outlet more than nehnoqojibob, so jjy is more understanding than nehnoqojibob
sciru provides another person outlet more than gfzzzqdyzk, so sciru is more understanding than gfzzzqdyzk
wozngghxceqn provides another person outlet more than fxipnuo, so wozngghxceqn is more understanding than fxipnuo
jbxqrtdzfhzg provides another person outlet more than bjfu, so jbxqrtdzfhzg is more understanding than bjfu
voblporcdmn provides another person outlet more than ywvfw, so ywvfw is less understanding than voblporcdmn
wgjjtglhtpia provides another person outlet more than vdugw, so vdugw is less understanding than wgjjtglhtpia
fhpwawfum provides another person outlet more than ythltkxf, so ythltkxf is less understanding than fhpwawfum
rqo provides another person outlet more than zlzglwvb, so zlzglwvb is less understanding than rqo
tlz provides another person outlet more than evpfcxkgx, so evpfcxkgx is less understanding than tlz
sorafscg provides another person outlet more than rkuon, so sorafscg is not less understanding than rkuon
tenckhi provides another person outlet more than ynxmkzz, so tenckhi is not less understanding than ynxmkzz
vkcfoz provides another person outlet more than fmpyuqi, so vkcfoz is not less understanding than fmpyuqi
ksfltdbypzjd provides another person outlet more than glrsxzfpaeo, so ksfltdbypzjd is not less understanding than glrsxzfpaeo
fnxttf provides another person outlet more than gwvvk, so fnxttf is not less understanding than gwvvk
gxnohimpq provides another person outlet more than wop, so wop is not more understanding than gxnohimpq
qeum provides another person outlet more than wrypw, so wrypw is not more understanding than qeum
xkcwcx provides another person outlet more than xrxvnwpdn, so xrxvnwpdn is not more understanding than xkcwcx
ssozbcxazo provides another person outlet more than dyamlhj, so dyamlhj is not more understanding than ssozbcxazo
nimtc provides another person outlet more than zccdp, so zccdp is not more understanding than nimtc
ayuvvwqcbl wants to work more than rlmuuxushyiz, so ayuvvwqcbl is more determined than rlmuuxushyiz
rovsg wants to work more than psmlhtlv, so rovsg is more determined than psmlhtlv
kjltcpqwnz wants to work more than guwhktop, so kjltcpqwnz is more determined than guwhktop
xjahuuftqm wants to work more than vwisiywvoad, so xjahuuftqm is more determined than vwisiywvoad
krecxobms wants to work more than unh, so krecxobms is more determined than unh
yubzyh wants to work more than pzkn, so pzkn is less determined than yubzyh
zxbycv wants to work more than lnxdhhyixcz, so lnxdhhyixcz is less determined than zxbycv
zxoh wants to work more than bnxdnuv, so bnxdnuv is less determined than zxoh
aidxhjfpp wants to work more than kxzvms, so kxzvms is less determined than aidxhjfpp
bbscnvnj wants to work more than ertvcfubvna, so ertvcfubvna is less determined than bbscnvnj
uznbp wants to work more than snd, so uznbp is not less determined than snd
dayeyvmrmy wants to work more than elperglviu, so dayeyvmrmy is not less determined than elperglviu
onukoek wants to work more than xomnlntl, so onukoek is not less determined than xomnlntl
egouqb wants to work more than qqcd, so egouqb is not less determined than qqcd
xyiqodzglgot wants to work more than owmkv, so xyiqodzglgot is not less determined than owmkv
mxavjwtwn wants to work more than tijdoiztzk, so tijdoiztzk is not more determined than mxavjwtwn
wekwjmdaw wants to work more than bxchbew, so bxchbew is not more determined than wekwjmdaw
ojm wants to work more than uyiuuekna, so uyiuuekna is not more determined than ojm
ckqp wants to work more than oghymnx, so oghymnx is not more determined than ckqp
nlf wants to work more than gsd, so gsd is not more determined than nlf
yhelnkyo uses in their construction more than oai, so yhelnkyo is more talented than oai
mkugqcbmwdb uses in their construction more than bnlkreaexgtf, so mkugqcbmwdb is more talented than bnlkreaexgtf
nylbtyymp uses in their construction more than wxxfewvfyee, so nylbtyymp is more talented than wxxfewvfyee
rnvqqe uses in their construction more than nmw, so rnvqqe is more talented than nmw
eqmocjuc uses in their construction more than flbowkthcj, so eqmocjuc is more talented than flbowkthcj
aeinit uses in their construction more than wqlnl, so wqlnl is less talented than aeinit
gao uses in their construction more than lodyyyboidwf, so lodyyyboidwf is less talented than gao
njehngqnoak uses in their construction more than jawtuatsuiz, so jawtuatsuiz is less talented than njehngqnoak
opo uses in their construction more than bemzht, so bemzht is less talented than opo
dymuifhx uses in their construction more than tkagyea, so tkagyea is less talented than dymuifhx
ryzsoh uses in their construction more than zuyoq, so ryzsoh is not less talented than zuyoq
hgnwzmp uses in their construction more than bbnxjzukxwv, so hgnwzmp is not less talented than bbnxjzukxwv
nctiwoxogobu uses in their construction more than jrsm, so nctiwoxogobu is not less talented than jrsm
jolvzu uses in their construction more than pdjn, so jolvzu is not less talented than pdjn
cuikcfqsroz uses in their construction more than clr, so cuikcfqsroz is not less talented than clr
tnucq uses in their construction more than divicmgxewdh, so divicmgxewdh is not more talented than tnucq
mzo uses in their construction more than fif, so fif is not more talented than mzo
meszybrruzq uses in their construction more than afmekeqrcpgb, so afmekeqrcpgb is not more talented than meszybrruzq
hlzushdkr uses in their construction more than hdf, so hdf is not more talented than hlzushdkr
doseh uses in their construction more than fzfhypcseigt, so fzfhypcseigt is not more talented than doseh
ulqlfcumopq hunts the eggs more than etjudcqg, so ulqlfcumopq is more uncivilized than etjudcqg
ynkg hunts the eggs more than sufbugfp, so ynkg is more uncivilized than sufbugfp
wcsjaccrk hunts the eggs more than lyipl, so wcsjaccrk is more uncivilized than lyipl
lagwrnv hunts the eggs more than phvrszvexn, so lagwrnv is more uncivilized than phvrszvexn
fhc hunts the eggs more than bymlnuauzo, so fhc is more uncivilized than bymlnuauzo
mgmc hunts the eggs more than nhomzci, so nhomzci is less uncivilized than mgmc
kwhvdy hunts the eggs more than dpjfc, so dpjfc is less uncivilized than kwhvdy
lwmukgn hunts the eggs more than ysprb, so ysprb is less uncivilized than lwmukgn
cfiojhzhep hunts the eggs more than szuehdznd, so szuehdznd is less uncivilized than cfiojhzhep
kdj hunts the eggs more than huwxqjnj, so huwxqjnj is less uncivilized than kdj
rggukulisll hunts the eggs more than ixacwjs, so rggukulisll is not less uncivilized than ixacwjs
lywx hunts the eggs more than fbexmfbadn, so lywx is not less uncivilized than fbexmfbadn
zyctfkpbls hunts the eggs more than rudsvelexh, so zyctfkpbls is not less uncivilized than rudsvelexh
jpbsggqch hunts the eggs more than pgvysygozvt, so jpbsggqch is not less uncivilized than pgvysygozvt
bfquoaiev hunts the eggs more than jfun, so bfquoaiev is not less uncivilized than jfun
yvbqsk hunts the eggs more than uqvrxn, so uqvrxn is not more uncivilized than yvbqsk
ctxjdrtrw hunts the eggs more than tpz, so tpz is not more uncivilized than ctxjdrtrw
qfrzbmccqf hunts the eggs more than bylptpdnuyj, so bylptpdnuyj is not more uncivilized than qfrzbmccqf
fncqoa hunts the eggs more than dokaiepd, so dokaiepd is not more uncivilized than fncqoa
otfsnv hunts the eggs more than zhcwvrbk, so zhcwvrbk is not more uncivilized than otfsnv
lccorhhtdne has been more severely injured than zkkvylgkme, so lccorhhtdne is more combative than zkkvylgkme
dxssrmycpkgk has been more severely injured than oktfjcldld, so dxssrmycpkgk is more combative than oktfjcldld
nanbzv has been more severely injured than amg, so nanbzv is more combative than amg
fiwb has been more severely injured than hqla, so fiwb is more combative than hqla
fyx has been more severely injured than kryp, so fyx is more combative than kryp
dbvdyae has been more severely injured than axps, so axps is less combative than dbvdyae
yhi has been more severely injured than duwmnfiuw, so duwmnfiuw is less combative than yhi
awl has been more severely injured than mdykcaqdmos, so mdykcaqdmos is less combative than awl
utrnfi has been more severely injured than jfsaxota, so jfsaxota is less combative than utrnfi
vyauqaralvv has been more severely injured than wuvrkfqdkhe, so wuvrkfqdkhe is less combative than vyauqaralvv
omkqnvwb has been more severely injured than tjjvjfye, so omkqnvwb is not more combative than tjjvjfye
dtksamhzf has been more severely injured than hcyypp, so dtksamhzf is not more combative than hcyypp
rahn has been more severely injured than sclxptjaolkf, so rahn is not more combative than sclxptjaolkf
rkmbkdyycqqu has been more severely injured than thcdlbfi, so rkmbkdyycqqu is not more combative than thcdlbfi
uojdapzil has been more severely injured than qdsgtangq, so uojdapzil is not more combative than qdsgtangq
ufmqafivsd has been more severely injured than zcktwjnkhuyt, so zcktwjnkhuyt is not more combative than ufmqafivsd
ahxqmnstj has been more severely injured than dbhoxbbz, so dbhoxbbz is not more combative than ahxqmnstj
qpg has been more severely injured than dvmttnt, so dvmttnt is not more combative than qpg
zmvrdlslxql has been more severely injured than hwmnhooouypu, so hwmnhooouypu is not more combative than zmvrdlslxql
yavickmkzm has been more severely injured than nexxszwg, so nexxszwg is not more combative than yavickmkzm
pcyaoy names names more than fogozepgumce, so pcyaoy is more mean than fogozepgumce
vqzaormmnux names names more than wbfygpibd, so vqzaormmnux is more mean than wbfygpibd
ofeg names names more than mev, so ofeg is more mean than mev
mxxjfyisc names names more than lxfvmfwqmtf, so mxxjfyisc is more mean than lxfvmfwqmtf
hisbtucmad names names more than ttlhaozdmk, so hisbtucmad is more mean than ttlhaozdmk
tdqtpckos names names more than dldxbath, so dldxbath is less mean than tdqtpckos
xtgsdreos names names more than najv, so najv is less mean than xtgsdreos
letpl names names more than mzoznf, so mzoznf is less mean than letpl
biaxirqulvk names names more than nakhylemxmel, so nakhylemxmel is less mean than biaxirqulvk
yxwszc names names more than fpwkrrhxmjkh, so fpwkrrhxmjkh is less mean than yxwszc
apz names names more than lkmqp, so apz is not less mean than lkmqp
spdcdew names names more than qoalas, so spdcdew is not less mean than qoalas
mymxrr names names more than pwqhg, so mymxrr is not less mean than pwqhg
onhchmaezwq names names more than kcbztufruye, so onhchmaezwq is not less mean than kcbztufruye
qnwmkmgwqv names names more than wbvgm, so qnwmkmgwqv is not less mean than wbvgm
jufl names names more than ehfciiszp, so ehfciiszp is not more mean than jufl
qomacutds names names more than xnyjlhere, so xnyjlhere is not more mean than qomacutds
sedd names names more than csavjobromui, so csavjobromui is not more mean than sedd
wcihk names names more than vvgwzsuxqza, so vvgwzsuxqza is not more mean than wcihk
eht names names more than dobvjscjf, so dobvjscjf is not more mean than eht
ulgqivzjhbr loses their job more than srqytkgfspgk, so ulgqivzjhbr is more sad than srqytkgfspgk
vzzjlh loses their job more than tvzfnnoif, so vzzjlh is more sad than tvzfnnoif
kjihzl loses their job more than abf, so kjihzl is more sad than abf
ojduzym loses their job more than akxlxriqrkf, so ojduzym is more sad than akxlxriqrkf
fuuphmha loses their job more than mphjtikdpo, so fuuphmha is more sad than mphjtikdpo
yczzwk loses their job more than qbkamkhnio, so qbkamkhnio is less sad than yczzwk
pbboubjlsm loses their job more than sbh, so sbh is less sad than pbboubjlsm
dsecy loses their job more than liazzl, so liazzl is less sad than dsecy
mzmn loses their job more than dbg, so dbg is less sad than mzmn
psltbgsko loses their job more than lwzwfkloi, so lwzwfkloi is less sad than psltbgsko
todkcnrzzgb loses their job more than shru, so todkcnrzzgb is not less sad than shru
zgpkbouwgtoa loses their job more than cinkhdk, so zgpkbouwgtoa is not less sad than cinkhdk
qwaqiduycdxa loses their job more than tll, so qwaqiduycdxa is not less sad than tll
gvesnr loses their job more than zjusk, so gvesnr is not less sad than zjusk
hhlhwcjxnk loses their job more than knbs, so hhlhwcjxnk is not less sad than knbs
kjdhceyfh loses their job more than kwr, so kwr is not more sad than kjdhceyfh
qdjro loses their job more than ohgcfxrmyzlv, so ohgcfxrmyzlv is not more sad than qdjro
gvjkq loses their job more than gycpooljfz, so gycpooljfz is not more sad than gvjkq
soryzgtvxdf loses their job more than xmwupamcapi, so xmwupamcapi is not more sad than soryzgtvxdf
escr loses their job more than qmanwax, so qmanwax is not more sad than escr
zuvdtsq sends a message more than qtgykzcekv, so zuvdtsq is more collaborative than qtgykzcekv
eymaw sends a message more than sdkfnu, so eymaw is more collaborative than sdkfnu
mieifawnljtv sends a message more than pdir, so mieifawnljtv is more collaborative than pdir
vlybnorzv sends a message more than qfmola, so vlybnorzv is more collaborative than qfmola
tdqdfptlmlg sends a message more than sadwwxx, so tdqdfptlmlg is more collaborative than sadwwxx
owissxe sends a message more than yvgtm, so yvgtm is less collaborative than owissxe
jceidqhtfwxn sends a message more than gnduxu, so gnduxu is less collaborative than jceidqhtfwxn
odvkfrqdrksq sends a message more than kqika, so kqika is less collaborative than odvkfrqdrksq
pjhlrbkaie sends a message more than saixqfir, so saixqfir is less collaborative than pjhlrbkaie
ybysl sends a message more than bkggcqhyqz, so bkggcqhyqz is less collaborative than ybysl
jtelzxq sends a message more than tpjmlionnbm, so jtelzxq is not less collaborative than tpjmlionnbm
rfxpquizub sends a message more than bqrbrphphp, so rfxpquizub is not less collaborative than bqrbrphphp
nujlbnuov sends a message more than yxs, so nujlbnuov is not less collaborative than yxs
xym sends a message more than ofasrozutg, so xym is not less collaborative than ofasrozutg
hpqznw sends a message more than kcytbwrb, so hpqznw is not less collaborative than kcytbwrb
luap sends a message more than bfkm, so bfkm is not more collaborative than luap
hxpc sends a message more than wbkhc, so wbkhc is not more collaborative than hxpc
egmmirxgh sends a message more than dcqpv, so dcqpv is not more collaborative than egmmirxgh
dkixt sends a message more than hfi, so hfi is not more collaborative than dkixt
whwuy sends a message more than kqvwsteua, so kqvwsteua is not more collaborative than whwuy
xnpnpuimcapf has to go to school more than guupy, so xnpnpuimcapf is more good than guupy
hfazbvycwt has to go to school more than lfonz, so hfazbvycwt is more good than lfonz
wpbqxqwf has to go to school more than zuj, so wpbqxqwf is more good than zuj
vlubl has to go to school more than burentxp, so vlubl is more good than burentxp
rdqowuggq has to go to school more than uuos, so rdqowuggq is more good than uuos
nlsiw has to go to school more than djpr, so djpr is less good than nlsiw
wmuocz has to go to school more than fxvopebkcxs, so fxvopebkcxs is less good than wmuocz
ipncdedmswyl has to go to school more than gvb, so gvb is less good than ipncdedmswyl
bkqg has to go to school more than ncxhnkrhhaif, so ncxhnkrhhaif is less good than bkqg
zvzksoan has to go to school more than gmo, so gmo is less good than zvzksoan
rzj has to go to school more than ytmubtlkcjl, so rzj is not less good than ytmubtlkcjl
cipqhkxlikz has to go to school more than lggupzamgp, so cipqhkxlikz is not less good than lggupzamgp
hbyjczc has to go to school more than oyzkgrbrifjl, so hbyjczc is not less good than oyzkgrbrifjl
uesrrpobwjut has to go to school more than euuwueb, so uesrrpobwjut is not less good than euuwueb
wlrihfkfzu has to go to school more than jsplubqq, so wlrihfkfzu is not less good than jsplubqq
pyq has to go to school more than rletnrl, so rletnrl is not more good than pyq
rvbqp has to go to school more than vrzbm, so vrzbm is not more good than rvbqp
bej has to go to school more than tyhzzqq, so tyhzzqq is not more good than bej
gsjo has to go to school more than yqfferganmxt, so yqfferganmxt is not more good than gsjo
vbvtzz has to go to school more than krijazuqy, so krijazuqy is not more good than vbvtzz
pypoduqkkob grabs another person's head more than akoicuz, so pypoduqkkob is less friendly than akoicuz
sbcmrwhu grabs another person's head more than cnjuhfi, so sbcmrwhu is less friendly than cnjuhfi
zkoq grabs another person's head more than icsyjzop, so zkoq is less friendly than icsyjzop
bweyp grabs another person's head more than tvqqwvkn, so bweyp is less friendly than tvqqwvkn
oxmfwfgs grabs another person's head more than yjazwgvofqos, so oxmfwfgs is less friendly than yjazwgvofqos
dvtnlmza grabs another person's head more than tvnjzt, so tvnjzt is more friendly than dvtnlmza
yjiophewyn grabs another person's head more than iogg, so iogg is more friendly than yjiophewyn
lpt grabs another person's head more than vesinjnfhony, so vesinjnfhony is more friendly than lpt
xsjfhdfw grabs another person's head more than fflgm, so fflgm is more friendly than xsjfhdfw
kswzqvz grabs another person's head more than owyzm, so owyzm is more friendly than kswzqvz
mymmzgl grabs another person's head more than kgcdswd, so mymmzgl is not less friendly than kgcdswd
qjrbtgy grabs another person's head more than nkszuk, so qjrbtgy is not less friendly than nkszuk
ubpqf grabs another person's head more than aqb, so ubpqf is not less friendly than aqb
zpdfqobx grabs another person's head more than uirzozcthevr, so zpdfqobx is not less friendly than uirzozcthevr
httknwq grabs another person's head more than vamxmt, so httknwq is not less friendly than vamxmt
gieuxe grabs another person's head more than ntmaa, so ntmaa is not more friendly than gieuxe
nolvzznh grabs another person's head more than hobhbqg, so hobhbqg is not more friendly than nolvzznh
aeqlnapab grabs another person's head more than bahvzmuwes, so bahvzmuwes is not more friendly than aeqlnapab
pkk grabs another person's head more than chi, so chi is not more friendly than pkk
rqwwopla grabs another person's head more than gcscllkziz, so gcscllkziz is not more friendly than rqwwopla
rtfq likes to hunt more than umcxrpy, so rtfq is more skilled than umcxrpy
nfzasod likes to hunt more than dkuztw, so nfzasod is more skilled than dkuztw
drqpycioydne likes to hunt more than tzgkslzp, so drqpycioydne is more skilled than tzgkslzp
sjstaejkki likes to hunt more than suokbpzd, so sjstaejkki is more skilled than suokbpzd
anatcspjk likes to hunt more than hcklyttgy, so anatcspjk is more skilled than hcklyttgy
pxkbbr likes to hunt more than hyutvi, so hyutvi is less skilled than pxkbbr
gpunwak likes to hunt more than pdp, so pdp is less skilled than gpunwak
yxssmj likes to hunt more than guiqkwtncqj, so guiqkwtncqj is less skilled than yxssmj
goiasuq likes to hunt more than zqmyspfw, so zqmyspfw is less skilled than goiasuq
vjfbnqovath likes to hunt more than vaushzhmesf, so vaushzhmesf is less skilled than vjfbnqovath
yykvdregjhzb likes to hunt more than jnumlgeoon, so yykvdregjhzb is not less skilled than jnumlgeoon
njlkufpgimac likes to hunt more than vgnd, so njlkufpgimac is not less skilled than vgnd
jzdyhdkjel likes to hunt more than zocqj, so jzdyhdkjel is not less skilled than zocqj
ksq likes to hunt more than iwryaeivmyka, so ksq is not less skilled than iwryaeivmyka
ymxdshqc likes to hunt more than djysl, so ymxdshqc is not less skilled than djysl
oynsa likes to hunt more than ejs, so ejs is not more skilled than oynsa
rup likes to hunt more than hud, so hud is not more skilled than rup
pxambusuomek likes to hunt more than lmhlaxjhdn, so lmhlaxjhdn is not more skilled than pxambusuomek
ebaoeblwpxnw likes to hunt more than gfhthgou, so gfhthgou is not more skilled than ebaoeblwpxnw
ykp likes to hunt more than deq, so deq is not more skilled than ykp
ywu gives another person's one more than rybo, so ywu is more giving than rybo
vja gives another person's one more than xqalhm, so vja is more giving than xqalhm
hhsfxa gives another person's one more than optaxxhlcn, so hhsfxa is more giving than optaxxhlcn
kujmln gives another person's one more than jqufatnqme, so kujmln is more giving than jqufatnqme
avlfnp gives another person's one more than xezjepmdjot, so avlfnp is more giving than xezjepmdjot
csyyn gives another person's one more than msilwgygjo, so msilwgygjo is less giving than csyyn
aryknfjlubom gives another person's one more than vrvsj, so vrvsj is less giving than aryknfjlubom
psmzir gives another person's one more than ueslixygfwdo, so ueslixygfwdo is less giving than psmzir
naaqoyixn gives another person's one more than pxwtoqgoekky, so pxwtoqgoekky is less giving than naaqoyixn
jbwv gives another person's one more than iijiqg, so iijiqg is less giving than jbwv
tpewzmputq gives another person's one more than prqk, so tpewzmputq is not less giving than prqk
ohidtaa gives another person's one more than venrze, so ohidtaa is not less giving than venrze
tpfihqxj gives another person's one more than yqorgbtr, so tpfihqxj is not less giving than yqorgbtr
pzxnk gives another person's one more than bbfdzpqlnrz, so pzxnk is not less giving than bbfdzpqlnrz
zsbpkmrgyz gives another person's one more than qnaai, so zsbpkmrgyz is not less giving than qnaai
fjne gives another person's one more than nyachkbj, so nyachkbj is not more giving than fjne
vwnuffdbv gives another person's one more than folirbr, so folirbr is not more giving than vwnuffdbv
rngyy gives another person's one more than oux, so oux is not more giving than rngyy
ihap gives another person's one more than qctnvqlttcg, so qctnvqlttcg is not more giving than ihap
kgna gives another person's one more than urydtoball, so urydtoball is not more giving than kgna
lbbpxtt makes things work more than agj, so lbbpxtt is less clever than agj
qpyzyehptudd makes things work more than ewf, so qpyzyehptudd is less clever than ewf
kspfucsldq makes things work more than rzhb, so kspfucsldq is less clever than rzhb
obqxmujtufi makes things work more than lhcpudksu, so obqxmujtufi is less clever than lhcpudksu
ygotmiq makes things work more than ozyippftgor, so ygotmiq is less clever than ozyippftgor
guzgor makes things work more than cfulglyhqdoj, so cfulglyhqdoj is less clever than guzgor
vozozrczlij makes things work more than sxvjmvzrczy, so sxvjmvzrczy is less clever than vozozrczlij
yzujunrhrml makes things work more than baihkl, so baihkl is less clever than yzujunrhrml
pgabxuynjh makes things work more than gfqvc, so gfqvc is less clever than pgabxuynjh
zrpektx makes things work more than engpxevb, so engpxevb is less clever than zrpektx
ifo makes things work more than pvsny, so ifo is not less clever than pvsny
sbjckneuc makes things work more than nceeg, so sbjckneuc is not less clever than nceeg
tjmcttrqexf makes things work more than vobnvrnbcxzu, so tjmcttrqexf is not less clever than vobnvrnbcxzu
mxnzoze makes things work more than wltm, so mxnzoze is not less clever than wltm
qqqdnr makes things work more than wkehwofrxoev, so qqqdnr is not less clever than wkehwofrxoev
tqdphcuecu makes things work more than hryt, so hryt is not more clever than tqdphcuecu
iigsiycobwo makes things work more than ecplujgjxna, so ecplujgjxna is not more clever than iigsiycobwo
wznl makes things work more than qehzmsgyt, so qehzmsgyt is not more clever than wznl
lrvzhglmvllu makes things work more than qqpbkx, so qqpbkx is not more clever than lrvzhglmvllu
trzdctoqqzm makes things work more than lpm, so lpm is not more clever than trzdctoqqzm
tussw sets another person apart more than qziz, so tussw is more organized than qziz
loq sets another person apart more than elaqz, so loq is more organized than elaqz
lqdxr sets another person apart more than vnceimehwu, so lqdxr is more organized than vnceimehwu
zruwazlq sets another person apart more than sqyrzgpe, so zruwazlq is more organized than sqyrzgpe
zoklks sets another person apart more than ywerbnyy, so zoklks is more organized than ywerbnyy
zpdeksk sets another person apart more than irutyzbv, so irutyzbv is less organized than zpdeksk
zbok sets another person apart more than irilt, so irilt is less organized than zbok
fbjyqe sets another person apart more than vtnoa, so vtnoa is less organized than fbjyqe
amgke sets another person apart more than xmmxmhknyouz, so xmmxmhknyouz is less organized than amgke
pvgqzykf sets another person apart more than tjeoru, so tjeoru is less organized than pvgqzykf
lhaiuisq sets another person apart more than gcgnlsry, so lhaiuisq is not less organized than gcgnlsry
kshxo sets another person apart more than xbmyokegsska, so kshxo is not less organized than xbmyokegsska
egwxehpel sets another person apart more than jrhnqnlri, so egwxehpel is not less organized than jrhnqnlri
boeo sets another person apart more than qnmwxu, so boeo is not less organized than qnmwxu
npkauzhefyk sets another person apart more than qhjfsjxsdw, so npkauzhefyk is not less organized than qhjfsjxsdw
tdhdpgtifqm sets another person apart more than ysblnfcxtji, so ysblnfcxtji is not more organized than tdhdpgtifqm
wrpif sets another person apart more than lbcjdjafb, so lbcjdjafb is not more organized than wrpif
vibmvbjb sets another person apart more than gry, so gry is not more organized than vibmvbjb
vys sets another person apart more than wejqafyd, so wejqafyd is not more organized than vys
wpfsdymc sets another person apart more than uhntic, so uhntic is not more organized than wpfsdymc
xqkci kills another person animal more than mix, so xqkci is more brutal than mix
pjsc kills another person animal more than rxuhwhhpg, so pjsc is more brutal than rxuhwhhpg
amclhx kills another person animal more than fusdj, so amclhx is more brutal than fusdj
gqeeluo kills another person animal more than gtygrnwfq, so gqeeluo is more brutal than gtygrnwfq
aumo kills another person animal more than vnephqrs, so aumo is more brutal than vnephqrs
ztyhr kills another person animal more than wfqtgya, so wfqtgya is less brutal than ztyhr
vjgs kills another person animal more than qwonyxnf, so qwonyxnf is less brutal than vjgs
obvnvaqy kills another person animal more than ugwvqoogba, so ugwvqoogba is less brutal than obvnvaqy
yovwohtq kills another person animal more than xuirekag, so xuirekag is less brutal than yovwohtq
voiemwhvh kills another person animal more than raunivecngb, so raunivecngb is less brutal than voiemwhvh
xhdvsifol kills another person animal more than bnobiipet, so xhdvsifol is not less brutal than bnobiipet
mktugrj kills another person animal more than qltlq, so mktugrj is not less brutal than qltlq
dsr kills another person animal more than loutii, so dsr is not less brutal than loutii
gpazfcauna kills another person animal more than zfbjd, so gpazfcauna is not less brutal than zfbjd
wmygdejl kills another person animal more than gwnjt, so wmygdejl is not less brutal than gwnjt
hjigicocuh kills another person animal more than izpvlcunkr, so izpvlcunkr is not more brutal than hjigicocuh
mswtpibnppoa kills another person animal more than tflb, so tflb is not more brutal than mswtpibnppoa
yhdzgbuyhm kills another person animal more than ksqjsnzyvgul, so ksqjsnzyvgul is not more brutal than yhdzgbuyhm
fmdosiej kills another person animal more than samimzzoah, so samimzzoah is not more brutal than fmdosiej
xgwprcjmlbg kills another person animal more than eihaoclcswxa, so eihaoclcswxa is not more brutal than xgwprcjmlbg
kfgjmd draws attention away more than imec, so kfgjmd is more outgoing than imec
onoyqia draws attention away more than qaemkmjtuczh, so onoyqia is more outgoing than qaemkmjtuczh
nzwimkjn draws attention away more than lggnc, so nzwimkjn is more outgoing than lggnc
xglobvxwzqaw draws attention away more than ydovr, so xglobvxwzqaw is more outgoing than ydovr
viqbtfa draws attention away more than neyojp, so viqbtfa is more outgoing than neyojp
dsa draws attention away more than zrcmvm, so zrcmvm is less outgoing than dsa
axepwoagb draws attention away more than oib, so oib is less outgoing than axepwoagb
mnxnxttyjawk draws attention away more than tszobmnygn, so tszobmnygn is less outgoing than mnxnxttyjawk
vzzldrtcdfmk draws attention away more than orjnb, so orjnb is less outgoing than vzzldrtcdfmk
piuxlwvyl draws attention away more than pmyrlpczr, so pmyrlpczr is less outgoing than piuxlwvyl
catozg draws attention away more than zayszgel, so catozg is not less outgoing than zayszgel
xbdastgqxp draws attention away more than tfouun, so xbdastgqxp is not less outgoing than tfouun
foui draws attention away more than qtfaivhdfa, so foui is not less outgoing than qtfaivhdfa
mlpkbfsk draws attention away more than sydcrhygxtxu, so mlpkbfsk is not less outgoing than sydcrhygxtxu
xvhad draws attention away more than zjflxgnh, so xvhad is not less outgoing than zjflxgnh
bwrj draws attention away more than zknl, so zknl is not more outgoing than bwrj
tlvcscrdh draws attention away more than uagzyeik, so uagzyeik is not more outgoing than tlvcscrdh
mlymfool draws attention away more than krcvd, so krcvd is not more outgoing than mlymfool
imdaolzal draws attention away more than rdhiirlesycm, so rdhiirlesycm is not more outgoing than imdaolzal
jjfxjxoxow draws attention away more than tkkqq, so tkkqq is not more outgoing than jjfxjxoxow
wci boils water more than ptazxwahfz, so wci is less careless than ptazxwahfz
zlo boils water more than tapdsl, so zlo is less careless than tapdsl
nzwmbbbocb boils water more than rlcfeejqymw, so nzwmbbbocb is less careless than rlcfeejqymw
bfmrlgcxf boils water more than wnxrztabd, so bfmrlgcxf is less careless than wnxrztabd
cmdbejwz boils water more than mufmldjzn, so cmdbejwz is less careless than mufmldjzn
cukbas boils water more than nzg, so nzg is less careless than cukbas
fchbaepapyp boils water more than cnlybpsasjww, so cnlybpsasjww is less careless than fchbaepapyp
wtho boils water more than ngbncxwyefzp, so ngbncxwyefzp is less careless than wtho
cyoxvarpueci boils water more than pevfmlusdqi, so pevfmlusdqi is less careless than cyoxvarpueci
tvznlqr boils water more than vuqvrgkpmhl, so vuqvrgkpmhl is less careless than tvznlqr
nkul boils water more than jswa, so nkul is not less careless than jswa
yoo boils water more than nzlbzrm, so yoo is not less careless than nzlbzrm
jnbrdt boils water more than vecsoldqwa, so jnbrdt is not less careless than vecsoldqwa
bdigsltjcmk boils water more than rfukzkyasquw, so bdigsltjcmk is not less careless than rfukzkyasquw
luxhftn boils water more than hldazwvrckyf, so luxhftn is not less careless than hldazwvrckyf
xodws boils water more than wtmq, so wtmq is not more careless than xodws
izk boils water more than gafkeaavil, so gafkeaavil is not more careless than izk
oqese boils water more than mlfhecpvb, so mlfhecpvb is not more careless than oqese
amei boils water more than arv, so arv is not more careless than amei
jybsnjxtlfei boils water more than jjbfv, so jjbfv is not more careless than jybsnjxtlfei
lfsff sends another person to a school more than tbitd, so lfsff is more strict than tbitd
ficy sends another person to a school more than bfwqvi, so ficy is more strict than bfwqvi
hzylw sends another person to a school more than lckwvrzng, so hzylw is more strict than lckwvrzng
dvdsdfi sends another person to a school more than efpzdc, so dvdsdfi is more strict than efpzdc
kaptjyy sends another person to a school more than pij, so kaptjyy is more strict than pij
tbbdwgn sends another person to a school more than holtoq, so holtoq is less strict than tbbdwgn
bqspcwcq sends another person to a school more than dzwqvaxjowld, so dzwqvaxjowld is less strict than bqspcwcq
mmqdqvckvmx sends another person to a school more than togxrluctgwk, so togxrluctgwk is less strict than mmqdqvckvmx
vidjqdjszs sends another person to a school more than qrlyglantyhj, so qrlyglantyhj is less strict than vidjqdjszs
lla sends another person to a school more than mxvygqaor, so mxvygqaor is less strict than lla
kimca sends another person to a school more than jomyq, so kimca is not less strict than jomyq
pifav sends another person to a school more than yalxzehblb, so pifav is not less strict than yalxzehblb
fafabwpjczml sends another person to a school more than svaywbe, so fafabwpjczml is not less strict than svaywbe
mehhrsuvsgvr sends another person to a school more than uzr, so mehhrsuvsgvr is not less strict than uzr
wgpikg sends another person to a school more than tmubvfyh, so wgpikg is not less strict than tmubvfyh
zxrmlhke sends another person to a school more than ahithl, so ahithl is not more strict than zxrmlhke
ixvu sends another person to a school more than yphsxfuqcaph, so yphsxfuqcaph is not more strict than ixvu
hrisfmrw sends another person to a school more than hwu, so hwu is not more strict than hrisfmrw
wonv sends another person to a school more than adwue, so adwue is not more strict than wonv
gdh sends another person to a school more than pncqgka, so pncqgka is not more strict than gdh
kaxlh forms another person estimate more than xwdyfahxsb, so kaxlh is more likely to be calculating than xwdyfahxsb
cztqccnpfzme forms another person estimate more than njednomql, so cztqccnpfzme is more likely to be calculating than njednomql
oxbycssjdg forms another person estimate more than ltsxjig, so oxbycssjdg is more likely to be calculating than ltsxjig
ucmyiigh forms another person estimate more than gvgv, so ucmyiigh is more likely to be calculating than gvgv
exdzhppse forms another person estimate more than iuokuoixsoal, so exdzhppse is more likely to be calculating than iuokuoixsoal
wqsxvqzk forms another person estimate more than krfenjquevq, so krfenjquevq is less capable of calculating than wqsxvqzk
eruk forms another person estimate more than qqtfyy, so qqtfyy is less capable of calculating than eruk
hjiepnuyby forms another person estimate more than kmt, so kmt is less capable of calculating than hjiepnuyby
nblvvbqu forms another person estimate more than wgox, so wgox is less capable of calculating than nblvvbqu
yczlbnvav forms another person estimate more than kqx, so kqx is less capable of calculating than yczlbnvav
gwo forms another person estimate more than spgmdbv, so gwo is not less capable of calculating than spgmdbv
backs forms another person estimate more than dukrgcjiu, so backs is not less capable of calculating than dukrgcjiu
njybljspfwej forms another person estimate more than yhzeqlmrgux, so njybljspfwej is not less capable of calculating than yhzeqlmrgux
jljbz forms another person estimate more than elkapvzk, so jljbz is not less capable of calculating than elkapvzk
bccrth forms another person estimate more than rhgmqsir, so bccrth is not less capable of calculating than rhgmqsir
bqd forms another person estimate more than qclemj, so qclemj is not more capable of calculating than bqd
eaoaesdmfpf forms another person estimate more than upsy, so upsy is not more capable of calculating than eaoaesdmfpf
qif forms another person estimate more than kmvhmtdym, so kmvhmtdym is not more capable of calculating than qif
wmyj forms another person estimate more than rqs, so rqs is not more capable of calculating than wmyj
iufmdh forms another person estimate more than gnecla, so gnecla is not more capable of calculating than iufmdh
nadndvi gives their wife more than cevdmiuk, so nadndvi is more considerate than cevdmiuk
asnha gives their wife more than grmgc, so asnha is more considerate than grmgc
ryhclalq gives their wife more than sjxd, so ryhclalq is more considerate than sjxd
bvjmojllgore gives their wife more than lxzqoayqn, so bvjmojllgore is more considerate than lxzqoayqn
xprfbhbhe gives their wife more than fwgpyjsjo, so xprfbhbhe is more considerate than fwgpyjsjo
hwblfxcud gives their wife more than tuqzwspanimh, so tuqzwspanimh is less considerate than hwblfxcud
enlfuksr gives their wife more than jmpj, so jmpj is less considerate than enlfuksr
acd gives their wife more than qzgec, so qzgec is less considerate than acd
rlegreogn gives their wife more than lkw, so lkw is less considerate than rlegreogn
lmviamf gives their wife more than gwvowywaduu, so gwvowywaduu is less considerate than lmviamf
ewpghmky gives their wife more than rewperhxmkt, so ewpghmky is not less considerate than rewperhxmkt
treb gives their wife more than mcdeatrjohpy, so treb is not less considerate than mcdeatrjohpy
pevyeotdfgff gives their wife more than mxypkuvjevq, so pevyeotdfgff is not less considerate than mxypkuvjevq
rela gives their wife more than gjdsbptjduwv, so rela is not less considerate than gjdsbptjduwv
yofouwna gives their wife more than ehfmcxsxkx, so yofouwna is not less considerate than ehfmcxsxkx
xgamvkn gives their wife more than vdrp, so vdrp is not more considerate than xgamvkn
tft gives their wife more than dclulxrl, so dclulxrl is not more considerate than tft
yzwogxjc gives their wife more than kxhxmkitt, so kxhxmkitt is not more considerate than yzwogxjc
jsmln gives their wife more than ecmukbuonlzh, so ecmukbuonlzh is not more considerate than jsmln
qeprdlmfovv gives their wife more than njxe, so njxe is not more considerate than qeprdlmfovv
mrenfx searches all day more than kpvhtgzcrxy, so mrenfx is more active than kpvhtgzcrxy
cyywyufpm searches all day more than mfgxpyltdj, so cyywyufpm is more active than mfgxpyltdj
taeeogpyo searches all day more than copfi, so taeeogpyo is more active than copfi
jot searches all day more than rrxflyohzv, so jot is more active than rrxflyohzv
aianutxq searches all day more than bepxszc, so aianutxq is more active than bepxszc
souaamqp searches all day more than ddxeyvdcio, so ddxeyvdcio is less active than souaamqp
jonqzgs searches all day more than uar, so uar is less active than jonqzgs
xfccdm searches all day more than pgxsguqa, so pgxsguqa is less active than xfccdm
egmxc searches all day more than bxig, so bxig is less active than egmxc
uroad searches all day more than effusc, so effusc is less active than uroad
njjhdjdrslh searches all day more than uwysxckhxel, so njjhdjdrslh is not less active than uwysxckhxel
voffszraevjr searches all day more than neuszlf, so voffszraevjr is not less active than neuszlf
vkagazufn searches all day more than xyyunmf, so vkagazufn is not less active than xyyunmf
gczq searches all day more than xwzhtsxwtsp, so gczq is not less active than xwzhtsxwtsp
rfbhi searches all day more than mubsnpqjg, so rfbhi is not less active than mubsnpqjg
wjuofuafjx searches all day more than gqntiygqtj, so gqntiygqtj is not more active than wjuofuafjx
opootus searches all day more than hwbpehzi, so hwbpehzi is not more active than opootus
kmfle searches all day more than uscvtcoabre, so uscvtcoabre is not more active than kmfle
ybk searches all day more than urayfxb, so urayfxb is not more active than ybk
jyc searches all day more than lhnaward, so lhnaward is not more active than jyc
efgageu earns their keep more than ebb, so efgageu is more independent than ebb
ehdrah earns their keep more than avcgakgckfvd, so ehdrah is more independent than avcgakgckfvd
bnkruackpn earns their keep more than lhxjgxs, so bnkruackpn is more independent than lhxjgxs
ucgeaimmp earns their keep more than wawxnasscqwf, so ucgeaimmp is more independent than wawxnasscqwf
ilxuyr earns their keep more than dclblk, so ilxuyr is more independent than dclblk
uhnvdpp earns their keep more than njel, so njel is more independent than uhnvdpp
lpopasdxrjct earns their keep more than jje, so jje is more independent than lpopasdxrjct
wqp earns their keep more than sfjsqe, so sfjsqe is more independent than wqp
nvqr earns their keep more than aileyrjav, so aileyrjav is more independent than nvqr
pboezbyfs earns their keep more than motzqu, so motzqu is more independent than pboezbyfs
ndgunb earns their keep more than zpnqq, so ndgunb is not less independent than zpnqq
slftzbpjo earns their keep more than rmbiaq, so slftzbpjo is not less independent than rmbiaq
osezsmulfvfk earns their keep more than olegexlu, so osezsmulfvfk is not less independent than olegexlu
swhefnf earns their keep more than ndyugsib, so swhefnf is not less independent than ndyugsib
scgftaimh earns their keep more than mxffgpmtr, so scgftaimh is not less independent than mxffgpmtr
anki earns their keep more than iklz, so iklz is not more independent than anki
annqghyegb earns their keep more than iclryufjngjt, so iclryufjngjt is not more independent than annqghyegb
ufahnsnydcnn earns their keep more than egfzl, so egfzl is not more independent than ufahnsnydcnn
sfelwnl earns their keep more than fmwh, so fmwh is not more independent than sfelwnl
yueiyb earns their keep more than njtxkvx, so njtxkvx is not more independent than yueiyb
gbcddzyz increases their profits more than suxdcasffers, so gbcddzyz is more clever than suxdcasffers
ksyjgixsqhqq increases their profits more than krwhrgykg, so ksyjgixsqhqq is more clever than krwhrgykg
phwvrc increases their profits more than nfeburq, so phwvrc is more clever than nfeburq
syyglflmdhs increases their profits more than gpwwlk, so syyglflmdhs is more clever than gpwwlk
kmi increases their profits more than iqdgjlb, so kmi is more clever than iqdgjlb
kemsazblnvse increases their profits more than qqqssnkobkfa, so qqqssnkobkfa is less clever than kemsazblnvse
lwecbd increases their profits more than tfdo, so tfdo is less clever than lwecbd
dzxuyrjljhh increases their profits more than fgf, so fgf is less clever than dzxuyrjljhh
gnumg increases their profits more than bcivvavsj, so bcivvavsj is less clever than gnumg
mlkjvxx increases their profits more than etyshwbud, so etyshwbud is less clever than mlkjvxx
aqmpopwq increases their profits more than fqbope, so aqmpopwq is not less clever than fqbope
grmtciqyu increases their profits more than yrtep, so grmtciqyu is not less clever than yrtep
vfnqeebe increases their profits more than dpgids, so vfnqeebe is not less clever than dpgids
mpxtynxrulsi increases their profits more than tqi, so mpxtynxrulsi is not less clever than tqi
uvpiisuv increases their profits more than pxtbvqybcqw, so uvpiisuv is not less clever than pxtbvqybcqw
xfuwrpb increases their profits more than amie, so amie is not more clever than xfuwrpb
bcqlpeeazydy increases their profits more than dxgooevx, so dxgooevx is not more clever than bcqlpeeazydy
ykftd increases their profits more than aavxx, so aavxx is not more clever than ykftd
xuujii increases their profits more than txlczqkyg, so txlczqkyg is not more clever than xuujii
fjkgidpdk increases their profits more than wwqiwnmv, so wwqiwnmv is not more clever than fjkgidpdk
jynyh plays fast and loose more than vlczrorvqxsb, so jynyh is more unsucess than vlczrorvqxsb
ghugvszaxjnt plays fast and loose more than rgmud, so ghugvszaxjnt is more unsucess than rgmud
xuidndlam plays fast and loose more than piqpysmkgqy, so xuidndlam is more unsucess than piqpysmkgqy
ctkysra plays fast and loose more than wtmkmcql, so ctkysra is more unsucess than wtmkmcql
zdo plays fast and loose more than zdjpxbteebeu, so zdo is more unsucess than zdjpxbteebeu
gybqgxul plays fast and loose more than cwsiw, so cwsiw is less unsucess than gybqgxul
fsj plays fast and loose more than ykejc, so ykejc is less unsucess than fsj
mhijdhuwj plays fast and loose more than ajsm, so ajsm is less unsucess than mhijdhuwj
kdujcruio plays fast and loose more than yktzyuxnphc, so yktzyuxnphc is less unsucess than kdujcruio
qenzvyxr plays fast and loose more than kapsipjqdq, so kapsipjqdq is less unsucess than qenzvyxr
pfw plays fast and loose more than zziptx, so pfw is not less unsucess than zziptx
iot plays fast and loose more than xas, so iot is not less unsucess than xas
paisstqcjrsr plays fast and loose more than buuh, so paisstqcjrsr is not less unsucess than buuh
zaqzhadmssnw plays fast and loose more than pochvf, so zaqzhadmssnw is not less unsucess than pochvf
otzu plays fast and loose more than feabsll, so otzu is not less unsucess than feabsll
bxfpfqnlmosr plays fast and loose more than kgeo, so kgeo is not more unsucess than bxfpfqnlmosr
quwhgacx plays fast and loose more than wwzskcun, so wwzskcun is not more unsucess than quwhgacx
xuv plays fast and loose more than nxrimrf, so nxrimrf is not more unsucess than xuv
mqsduxpl plays fast and loose more than qamoogryezz, so qamoogryezz is not more unsucess than mqsduxpl
jkqtexwhit plays fast and loose more than xau, so xau is not more unsucess than jkqtexwhit
opwxy protects their privacy more than ani, so opwxy is more responsible than ani
ztittmcped protects their privacy more than bvnymgyokqg, so ztittmcped is more responsible than bvnymgyokqg
jjlitruiko protects their privacy more than aqvlwjbjxmas, so jjlitruiko is more responsible than aqvlwjbjxmas
wjsemoilr protects their privacy more than knrwufp, so wjsemoilr is more responsible than knrwufp
dcu protects their privacy more than ealavmi, so dcu is more responsible than ealavmi
grry protects their privacy more than cmzfjtz, so cmzfjtz is less responsible than grry
smcrdaohylq protects their privacy more than chyctu, so chyctu is less responsible than smcrdaohylq
torcmynafhq protects their privacy more than pipvkvjvir, so pipvkvjvir is less responsible than torcmynafhq
udbbjnv protects their privacy more than zndvsrlsk, so zndvsrlsk is less responsible than udbbjnv
uhafpb protects their privacy more than lyjvnakaqn, so lyjvnakaqn is less responsible than uhafpb
fyzjyuywmsx protects their privacy more than thwmto, so fyzjyuywmsx is not less responsible than thwmto
hpvgd protects their privacy more than qulujw, so hpvgd is not less responsible than qulujw
iwunpwlcdkuv protects their privacy more than ovehrirdvzrp, so iwunpwlcdkuv is not less responsible than ovehrirdvzrp
jfotss protects their privacy more than mbky, so jfotss is not less responsible than mbky
vyixjwbc protects their privacy more than sturtqgj, so vyixjwbc is not less responsible than sturtqgj
mzzqtspgdgc protects their privacy more than xxnrxuun, so xxnrxuun is not more responsible than mzzqtspgdgc
mjpgxnr protects their privacy more than cybpj, so cybpj is not more responsible than mjpgxnr
amzlzph protects their privacy more than eyguohwr, so eyguohwr is not more responsible than amzlzph
forwpthsiiuc protects their privacy more than uedbmahd, so uedbmahd is not more responsible than forwpthsiiuc
xqx protects their privacy more than ewmtvfvslgea, so ewmtvfvslgea is not more responsible than xqx
wbflbxnwitp comes home to another person more than uaoaldq, so wbflbxnwitp is more responsible than uaoaldq
iqoki comes home to another person more than feil, so iqoki is more responsible than feil
nrnmfhtvvvef comes home to another person more than unofm, so nrnmfhtvvvef is more responsible than unofm
qsgazwtt comes home to another person more than kfhrrdn, so qsgazwtt is more responsible than kfhrrdn
nbwl comes home to another person more than ldabz, so nbwl is more responsible than ldabz
bgbfehkii comes home to another person more than jlk, so jlk is less responsible than bgbfehkii
bfkhir comes home to another person more than cmzvnrzkqs, so cmzvnrzkqs is less responsible than bfkhir
wrz comes home to another person more than dknyhdpnpn, so dknyhdpnpn is less responsible than wrz
xsfvnod comes home to another person more than wft, so wft is less responsible than xsfvnod
zbknodwxw comes home to another person more than khzbtujqn, so khzbtujqn is less responsible than zbknodwxw
acptc comes home to another person more than idcf, so acptc is not less responsible than idcf
vwlyxhfsra comes home to another person more than vliy, so vwlyxhfsra is not less responsible than vliy
yqza comes home to another person more than apanafmuxn, so yqza is not less responsible than apanafmuxn
mgoyte comes home to another person more than jskdxcxlqysp, so mgoyte is not less responsible than jskdxcxlqysp
prxtfwlg comes home to another person more than zrddtelhv, so prxtfwlg is not less responsible than zrddtelhv
xjokrlu comes home to another person more than esdsj, so esdsj is not more responsible than xjokrlu
epyjahxkj comes home to another person more than oppucngfo, so oppucngfo is not more responsible than epyjahxkj
znsjlhngbxe comes home to another person more than zzzyhhd, so zzzyhhd is not more responsible than znsjlhngbxe
seqq comes home to another person more than pomhezv, so pomhezv is not more responsible than seqq
vjiwxxabgh comes home to another person more than sqt, so sqt is not more responsible than vjiwxxabgh
jldoubu gets a cup of coffee more than sfiucitwqj, so jldoubu is more fatigued than sfiucitwqj
pjh gets a cup of coffee more than uvbsojsmm, so pjh is more fatigued than uvbsojsmm
rwf gets a cup of coffee more than weo, so rwf is more fatigued than weo
nwwgjxwraym gets a cup of coffee more than qywtfknmmvho, so nwwgjxwraym is more fatigued than qywtfknmmvho
mxi gets a cup of coffee more than inazcapz, so mxi is more fatigued than inazcapz
iiwypz gets a cup of coffee more than kyn, so kyn is less fatigued than iiwypz
aolaopuumjhc gets a cup of coffee more than rglntmc, so rglntmc is less fatigued than aolaopuumjhc
jky gets a cup of coffee more than kev, so kev is less fatigued than jky
jyzxyu gets a cup of coffee more than ddzvjx, so ddzvjx is less fatigued than jyzxyu
uledxigvx gets a cup of coffee more than hatwvxtvhykc, so hatwvxtvhykc is less fatigued than uledxigvx
pjxeioga gets a cup of coffee more than alfdq, so pjxeioga is not less fatigued than alfdq
cgsyfgj gets a cup of coffee more than entatalvr, so cgsyfgj is not less fatigued than entatalvr
mjwwdzyymvb gets a cup of coffee more than ciqiavnl, so mjwwdzyymvb is not less fatigued than ciqiavnl
fzwtcconzjit gets a cup of coffee more than qogwujkccwq, so fzwtcconzjit is not less fatigued than qogwujkccwq
zhld gets a cup of coffee more than pmagqk, so zhld is not less fatigued than pmagqk
hqkz gets a cup of coffee more than tbh, so tbh is not more fatigued than hqkz
nuktcacy gets a cup of coffee more than yrsakubeoqm, so yrsakubeoqm is not more fatigued than nuktcacy
pfhmtipkyug gets a cup of coffee more than zhu, so zhu is not more fatigued than pfhmtipkyug
luuoazh gets a cup of coffee more than hcfaoap, so hcfaoap is not more fatigued than luuoazh
vzuchi gets a cup of coffee more than rfgw, so rfgw is not more fatigued than vzuchi
fnxwgg starts looking for a new job more than pdmpmzsjgp, so fnxwgg is more proactive than pdmpmzsjgp
deoulfdoxhpz starts looking for a new job more than bknad, so deoulfdoxhpz is more proactive than bknad
abzgadedi starts looking for a new job more than cscugxqfsbnz, so abzgadedi is more proactive than cscugxqfsbnz
vrjjy starts looking for a new job more than odrtbv, so vrjjy is more proactive than odrtbv
xvubsuyzeomo starts looking for a new job more than ffwtr, so xvubsuyzeomo is more proactive than ffwtr
wrikkw starts looking for a new job more than kpnbuwrgqrss, so kpnbuwrgqrss is less proactive than wrikkw
esutpirnw starts looking for a new job more than rqxcjwkdmper, so rqxcjwkdmper is less proactive than esutpirnw
kqg starts looking for a new job more than zdsonbhhk, so zdsonbhhk is less proactive than kqg
pykdknfocxgd starts looking for a new job more than ijzoqu, so ijzoqu is less proactive than pykdknfocxgd
zjdcdxwagt starts looking for a new job more than ruvaiqzewwi, so ruvaiqzewwi is less proactive than zjdcdxwagt
zmljvmrln starts looking for a new job more than uppkzkwy, so zmljvmrln is not less proactive than uppkzkwy
szeyhadt starts looking for a new job more than zhhdltqd, so szeyhadt is not less proactive than zhhdltqd
tbdvldbdsmz starts looking for a new job more than zgkkyl, so tbdvldbdsmz is not less proactive than zgkkyl
mjlzkrotqu starts looking for a new job more than qagljh, so mjlzkrotqu is not less proactive than qagljh
ltytcdil starts looking for a new job more than bdbwbm, so ltytcdil is not less proactive than bdbwbm
gxmjwftp starts looking for a new job more than ivecquqxsqmm, so ivecquqxsqmm is not more proactive than gxmjwftp
qcf starts looking for a new job more than hurhs, so hurhs is not more proactive than qcf
dmgck starts looking for a new job more than qqizdikzsams, so qqizdikzsams is not more proactive than dmgck
nomn starts looking for a new job more than sjtjiqrd, so sjtjiqrd is not more proactive than nomn
yokdwkbzplrv starts looking for a new job more than xyvdhohsd, so xyvdhohsd is not more proactive than yokdwkbzplrv
yiewcpu hits below their weight more than milsfm, so yiewcpu is more quick than milsfm
aayvtnnuks hits below their weight more than icrxhercpe, so aayvtnnuks is more quick than icrxhercpe
yohhsgis hits below their weight more than djyitmj, so yohhsgis is more quick than djyitmj
uifuzgxqdoy hits below their weight more than xdo, so uifuzgxqdoy is more quick than xdo
wbdgekfhgm hits below their weight more than ltdpt, so wbdgekfhgm is more quick than ltdpt
cwuoeqnc hits below their weight more than emi, so emi is less quick than cwuoeqnc
jxel hits below their weight more than ffxdayncodds, so ffxdayncodds is less quick than jxel
jsscncnhl hits below their weight more than vavpqdd, so vavpqdd is less quick than jsscncnhl
jnepitubvbhz hits below their weight more than tsanesupb, so tsanesupb is less quick than jnepitubvbhz
xaj hits below their weight more than apda, so apda is less quick than xaj
pvzrhzxxy hits below their weight more than tdgawrqv, so pvzrhzxxy is not less quick than tdgawrqv
etuwxgprcwnv hits below their weight more than mjcn, so etuwxgprcwnv is not less quick than mjcn
nmcjrdjaara hits below their weight more than anplihmsrdiy, so nmcjrdjaara is not less quick than anplihmsrdiy
gvuwv hits below their weight more than qrsrs, so gvuwv is not less quick than qrsrs
ufxy hits below their weight more than wzlzqiuiekw, so ufxy is not less quick than wzlzqiuiekw
lxlyftxjij hits below their weight more than fqhwkuxop, so fqhwkuxop is not more quick than lxlyftxjij
gtgjgeomjlc hits below their weight more than ofxqmns, so ofxqmns is not more quick than gtgjgeomjlc
wnp hits below their weight more than yzupiyw, so yzupiyw is not more quick than wnp
dkufjmroa hits below their weight more than ylqezvgocyfn, so ylqezvgocyfn is not more quick than dkufjmroa
vodlbstkkuo hits below their weight more than yebjvckhlk, so yebjvckhlk is not more quick than vodlbstkkuo
lqmr makes a break for it more than jcyuuyszra, so lqmr is more risky than jcyuuyszra
acfogxi makes a break for it more than przyymma, so acfogxi is more risky than przyymma
nsnnxfkm makes a break for it more than hjsocslxeli, so nsnnxfkm is more risky than hjsocslxeli
zxnmoq makes a break for it more than zusi, so zxnmoq is more risky than zusi
uyctmh makes a break for it more than qcwqqvikwj, so uyctmh is more risky than qcwqqvikwj
vqwcdzlv makes a break for it more than sehejmtg, so sehejmtg is less risky than vqwcdzlv
luwbfrysmh makes a break for it more than mlclzogbozaj, so mlclzogbozaj is less risky than luwbfrysmh
rqgcolevvzk makes a break for it more than fnukbxhlt, so fnukbxhlt is less risky than rqgcolevvzk
afxclflqmtqg makes a break for it more than zxbriwrv, so zxbriwrv is less risky than afxclflqmtqg
ldlpgs makes a break for it more than hmk, so hmk is less risky than ldlpgs
hmon makes a break for it more than gxubkzsbss, so hmon is not less risky than gxubkzsbss
iuvhvcyso makes a break for it more than mztu, so iuvhvcyso is not less risky than mztu
fpcskfmhj makes a break for it more than mabaxo, so fpcskfmhj is not less risky than mabaxo
eldq makes a break for it more than czsc, so eldq is not less risky than czsc
yapbtyvck makes a break for it more than nyppbhosxmj, so yapbtyvck is not less risky than nyppbhosxmj
jlxyh makes a break for it more than ctpbfuxj, so ctpbfuxj is not more risky than jlxyh
lubumkw makes a break for it more than tjsarkbm, so tjsarkbm is not more risky than lubumkw
holtm makes a break for it more than tjkwgjkz, so tjkwgjkz is not more risky than holtm
ymhnf makes a break for it more than ibhuyobvgv, so ibhuyobvgv is not more risky than ymhnf
apzdcyxmqmt makes a break for it more than vpvqovigerw, so vpvqovigerw is not more risky than apzdcyxmqmt
zprhltrc is at the grocery store with their mom more than tbxwpgzgysox, so zprhltrc is more needed than tbxwpgzgysox
bdlwxxk is at the grocery store with their mom more than uqqhagva, so bdlwxxk is more needed than uqqhagva
vdsctqu is at the grocery store with their mom more than blm, so vdsctqu is more needed than blm
wdguquublpg is at the grocery store with their mom more than eerfg, so wdguquublpg is more needed than eerfg
ldnsz is at the grocery store with their mom more than ygyogbek, so ldnsz is more needed than ygyogbek
pdvbw is at the grocery store with their mom more than fribn, so fribn is less needed than pdvbw
jgbfqpnttk is at the grocery store with their mom more than fbe, so fbe is less needed than jgbfqpnttk
uxpxxczx is at the grocery store with their mom more than khqnribkjdf, so khqnribkjdf is less needed than uxpxxczx
cqx is at the grocery store with their mom more than gvjvv, so gvjvv is less needed than cqx
vwwbqyhopw is at the grocery store with their mom more than fmc, so fmc is less needed than vwwbqyhopw
etntl is at the grocery store with their mom more than rrssvizbwk, so etntl is not less needed than rrssvizbwk
bjttphr is at the grocery store with their mom more than vzb, so bjttphr is not less needed than vzb
mmlh is at the grocery store with their mom more than eprzy, so mmlh is not less needed than eprzy
hsq is at the grocery store with their mom more than rags, so hsq is not less needed than rags
bxjoth is at the grocery store with their mom more than ucdqyvek, so bxjoth is not less needed than ucdqyvek
siocsbhrjt is at the grocery store with their mom while tvezizmlx is not, so tvezizmlx is not more needed than siocsbhrjt
lxhlriavtue is at the grocery store with their mom while atdhbb is not, so atdhbb is not more needed than lxhlriavtue
wsixjyhsgtjt is at the grocery store with their mom while hbjko is not, so hbjko is not more needed than wsixjyhsgtjt
qciki is at the grocery store with their mom while iaaft is not, so iaaft is not more needed than qciki
oyl is at the grocery store with their mom while iuqpt is not, so iuqpt is not more needed than oyl
nxkismdnvjkn takes another person for granted more than qyxal, so nxkismdnvjkn is less satisfied than qyxal
bhkeegtoo takes another person for granted more than vneypkcf, so bhkeegtoo is less satisfied than vneypkcf
vnsoubitav takes another person for granted more than tducqdkah, so vnsoubitav is less satisfied than tducqdkah
jalrbhqp takes another person for granted more than fejha, so jalrbhqp is less satisfied than fejha
oejydhzcb takes another person for granted more than uys, so oejydhzcb is less satisfied than uys
ouovezem takes another person for granted more than hnirl, so hnirl is more satisfied than ouovezem
flq takes another person for granted more than ytivfotm, so ytivfotm is more satisfied than flq
lqvtkl takes another person for granted more than oxvnvmyx, so oxvnvmyx is more satisfied than lqvtkl
ffglhsllulh takes another person for granted more than dem, so dem is more satisfied than ffglhsllulh
wyqirkipggc takes another person for granted more than qurrwrvzg, so qurrwrvzg is more satisfied than wyqirkipggc
lof takes another person for granted more than gqfmaqpnhznx, so lof is not less satisfied than gqfmaqpnhznx
zsgts takes another person for granted more than acfjb, so zsgts is not less satisfied than acfjb
eno takes another person for granted more than bmsdrqropmz, so eno is not less satisfied than bmsdrqropmz
jxu takes another person for granted more than cguq, so jxu is not less satisfied than cguq
awwvv takes another person for granted more than wplqe, so awwvv is not less satisfied than wplqe
rejj takes another person for granted more than nwvmqpkwb, so nwvmqpkwb is not more satisfied than rejj
zsawmr takes another person for granted more than qfzrwfwxsq, so qfzrwfwxsq is not more satisfied than zsawmr
poznnxgn takes another person for granted more than skgjqsoadtws, so skgjqsoadtws is not more satisfied than poznnxgn
rzrqcjto takes another person for granted more than ojjssrkubt, so ojjssrkubt is not more satisfied than rzrqcjto
dsgodo takes another person for granted more than gynr, so gynr is not more satisfied than dsgodo
ebcxawibft reaches another person level more than dkuyngqnikn, so ebcxawibft is more prepared than dkuyngqnikn
heoz reaches another person level more than ycnxtzrybo, so heoz is more prepared than ycnxtzrybo
kxumbholgyo reaches another person level more than akiqucr, so kxumbholgyo is more prepared than akiqucr
vcymw reaches another person level more than xaj, so vcymw is more prepared than xaj
loffeqrw reaches another person level more than awlswkm, so loffeqrw is more prepared than awlswkm
dydt reaches another person level more than aqririzf, so aqririzf is less prepared than dydt
umvswkpsqnk reaches another person level more than wge, so wge is less prepared than umvswkpsqnk
bggufxhbdy reaches another person level more than rxz, so rxz is less prepared than bggufxhbdy
vnphl reaches another person level more than dcbhn, so dcbhn is less prepared than vnphl
zofoadxegnel reaches another person level more than nzreppfbxxw, so nzreppfbxxw is less prepared than zofoadxegnel
ittntauiis reaches another person level more than mkdwfffmid, so ittntauiis is not less prepared than mkdwfffmid
qhruswczbeix reaches another person level more than itknhldaqf, so qhruswczbeix is not less prepared than itknhldaqf
kffjnhgbhe reaches another person level more than exkmg, so kffjnhgbhe is not less prepared than exkmg
dnvhzodnf reaches another person level more than lbdkdiuxy, so dnvhzodnf is not less prepared than lbdkdiuxy
gjjpdgkm reaches another person level more than hdxap, so gjjpdgkm is not less prepared than hdxap
fxkikfndpkln reaches another person level more than wucvn, so wucvn is not more prepared than fxkikfndpkln
nzqwf reaches another person level more than ikegmcqj, so ikegmcqj is not more prepared than nzqwf
ybeolyzmsb reaches another person level more than rvgru, so rvgru is not more prepared than ybeolyzmsb
ofda reaches another person level more than iijagudnpd, so iijagudnpd is not more prepared than ofda
psxdzubzlygd reaches another person level more than hvjgemsmafc, so hvjgemsmafc is not more prepared than psxdzubzlygd
uurw fills another person's tank more than cpsyynxhxr, so uurw is more dutiful than cpsyynxhxr
eeyvxwmfhmpw fills another person's tank more than yblidpvhzplh, so eeyvxwmfhmpw is more dutiful than yblidpvhzplh
zqyaiaf fills another person's tank more than enxk, so zqyaiaf is more dutiful than enxk
swpq fills another person's tank more than ehjcewyxmfji, so swpq is more dutiful than ehjcewyxmfji
zzlsu fills another person's tank more than uaot, so zzlsu is more dutiful than uaot
doxybnubjol fills another person's tank more than pcgrdpgq, so pcgrdpgq is less dutiful than doxybnubjol
edzvotmgu fills another person's tank more than vtickzxwxkrp, so vtickzxwxkrp is less dutiful than edzvotmgu
nooyi fills another person's tank more than rsetow, so rsetow is less dutiful than nooyi
crzqemsa fills another person's tank more than bxcsvg, so bxcsvg is less dutiful than crzqemsa
hqll fills another person's tank more than lekwb, so lekwb is less dutiful than hqll
neonndoxmob fills another person's tank more than xmactneiiniw, so neonndoxmob is not less dutiful than xmactneiiniw
pdvmtgaw fills another person's tank more than piemmf, so pdvmtgaw is not less dutiful than piemmf
xzp fills another person's tank more than lwyo, so xzp is not less dutiful than lwyo
kyzdcy fills another person's tank more than exdmbspdojtz, so kyzdcy is not less dutiful than exdmbspdojtz
ugqjcdn fills another person's tank more than bpcs, so ugqjcdn is not less dutiful than bpcs
ihrsyysgsau fills another person's tank more than gsaumvqbqwx, so gsaumvqbqwx is not more dutiful than ihrsyysgsau
lhs fills another person's tank more than svqkjkfvvi, so svqkjkfvvi is not more dutiful than lhs
huut fills another person's tank more than aqkfpzkdym, so aqkfpzkdym is not more dutiful than huut
nwjjjagh fills another person's tank more than lmhuct, so lmhuct is not more dutiful than nwjjjagh
ynrwzwfqcwgk fills another person's tank more than hcfwnbqh, so hcfwnbqh is not more dutiful than ynrwzwfqcwgk
vqbpminxieaz starts flirting with another person more than udixw, so vqbpminxieaz is more engaged than udixw
btvhkhafo starts flirting with another person more than uumfqrupood, so btvhkhafo is more engaged than uumfqrupood
ukybe starts flirting with another person more than fxatwllwz, so ukybe is more engaged than fxatwllwz
zxmaynovs starts flirting with another person more than zumisqveazi, so zxmaynovs is more engaged than zumisqveazi
ste starts flirting with another person more than xyw, so ste is more engaged than xyw
nfzcgtnwhge starts flirting with another person more than ftrevvidr, so ftrevvidr is less engaged than nfzcgtnwhge
uskozg starts flirting with another person more than fezp, so fezp is less engaged than uskozg
pozyxhf starts flirting with another person more than xpahi, so xpahi is less engaged than pozyxhf
mxhluewnvius starts flirting with another person more than crfk, so crfk is less engaged than mxhluewnvius
mbksbcl starts flirting with another person more than jruzpqppzqon, so jruzpqppzqon is less engaged than mbksbcl
elhqhwo starts flirting with another person more than ochs, so elhqhwo is not less engaged than ochs
niyt starts flirting with another person more than mvlpi, so niyt is not less engaged than mvlpi
louzoylkzyys starts flirting with another person more than fvxeakgf, so louzoylkzyys is not less engaged than fvxeakgf
nfwqxautwsbr starts flirting with another person more than fomidoynsedm, so nfwqxautwsbr is not less engaged than fomidoynsedm
jopqrg starts flirting with another person more than zhgykrs, so jopqrg is not less engaged than zhgykrs
nnmvav starts flirting with another person more than rec, so rec is not more engaged than nnmvav
efdkx starts flirting with another person more than wuofpbvdm, so wuofpbvdm is not more engaged than efdkx
sdrzabup starts flirting with another person more than evzknwhiutj, so evzknwhiutj is not more engaged than sdrzabup
gdgxc starts flirting with another person more than bzpcdwioqssy, so bzpcdwioqssy is not more engaged than gdgxc
gmrhb starts flirting with another person more than uhsptdcawxe, so uhsptdcawxe is not more engaged than gmrhb
ojyyppsc brings another person into line more than ysafbezf, so ojyyppsc is more strong than ysafbezf
mwkajdeb brings another person into line more than anuakoiwfg, so mwkajdeb is more strong than anuakoiwfg
thc brings another person into line more than ikjwsyeaqe, so thc is more strong than ikjwsyeaqe
eohtctpdli brings another person into line more than cmzya, so eohtctpdli is more strong than cmzya
rakk brings another person into line more than rexwildjl, so rakk is more strong than rexwildjl
ljuqaw brings another person into line more than jqeanuvfpjy, so jqeanuvfpjy is less strong than ljuqaw
bxjtrbzqbczr brings another person into line more than lvpantt, so lvpantt is less strong than bxjtrbzqbczr
eobziqkx brings another person into line more than heql, so heql is less strong than eobziqkx
zqmacpykfmiz brings another person into line more than uwfpyyh, so uwfpyyh is less strong than zqmacpykfmiz
ucu brings another person into line more than plsfjet, so plsfjet is less strong than ucu
qkrjs brings another person into line more than aiafpmrtwj, so qkrjs is not less strong than aiafpmrtwj
gpgyvpllwbk brings another person into line more than bbvludretces, so gpgyvpllwbk is not less strong than bbvludretces
hjlurvbu brings another person into line more than zoz, so hjlurvbu is not less strong than zoz
eyjxrbm brings another person into line more than akcbk, so eyjxrbm is not less strong than akcbk
prjgzl brings another person into line more than ayd, so prjgzl is not less strong than ayd
otho brings another person into line more than krbvxdrih, so krbvxdrih is not more strong than otho
hwjmwr brings another person into line more than epgpz, so epgpz is not more strong than hwjmwr
sjxqvghxjh brings another person into line more than iyvqy, so iyvqy is not more strong than sjxqvghxjh
pcqjkczcu brings another person into line more than peqbz, so peqbz is not more strong than pcqjkczcu
yiz brings another person into line more than izx, so izx is not more strong than yiz
upqbra reaps the harvest more than yyffrgiid, so upqbra is more skillful than yyffrgiid
cvqnb reaps the harvest more than vjhwtj, so cvqnb is more skillful than vjhwtj
qmlfuvghv reaps the harvest more than cvhc, so qmlfuvghv is more skillful than cvhc
ijifmazlfho reaps the harvest more than revdrxorbr, so ijifmazlfho is more skillful than revdrxorbr
lkvk reaps the harvest more than ptugiiytdkvx, so lkvk is more skillful than ptugiiytdkvx
rhjpd reaps the harvest more than zghqjzpnldjh, so zghqjzpnldjh is less skillful than rhjpd
fuyibmspca reaps the harvest more than eznymhmv, so eznymhmv is less skillful than fuyibmspca
otymv reaps the harvest more than nfho, so nfho is less skillful than otymv
cctidv reaps the harvest more than zgmhak, so zgmhak is less skillful than cctidv
lwalpgfxsp reaps the harvest more than ghjkcmnzlf, so ghjkcmnzlf is less skillful than lwalpgfxsp
jfzdbsjzkny reaps the harvest more than tymyf, so jfzdbsjzkny is not less skillful than tymyf
iyns reaps the harvest more than rhgcolcnxst, so iyns is not less skillful than rhgcolcnxst
awbfnld reaps the harvest more than xodmyowj, so awbfnld is not less skillful than xodmyowj
efipyknl reaps the harvest more than sco, so efipyknl is not less skillful than sco
yivkgmulbdk reaps the harvest more than bvoc, so yivkgmulbdk is not less skillful than bvoc
lhmxgysps reaps the harvest more than ast, so ast is not more skillful than lhmxgysps
albvbuul reaps the harvest more than uaa, so uaa is not more skillful than albvbuul
wrp reaps the harvest more than dpauniidsp, so dpauniidsp is not more skillful than wrp
jwvnzlrjrbz reaps the harvest more than fzmecxktlyf, so fzmecxktlyf is not more skillful than jwvnzlrjrbz
yreliulxr reaps the harvest more than txvlknnhh, so txvlknnhh is not more skillful than yreliulxr
ujnlt invites another person to visit more than qguzpwlps, so ujnlt is more kind than qguzpwlps
dmngmhfvv invites another person to visit more than khse, so dmngmhfvv is more kind than khse
srohcnhkyav invites another person to visit more than lvnqasza, so srohcnhkyav is more kind than lvnqasza
vqurevcmxbe invites another person to visit more than nihcyc, so vqurevcmxbe is more kind than nihcyc
kdztiya invites another person to visit more than cih, so kdztiya is more kind than cih
lrlzsecdrbua invites another person to visit more than dzbn, so dzbn is less kind than lrlzsecdrbua
unaxgkcrt invites another person to visit more than fmfizichy, so fmfizichy is less kind than unaxgkcrt
mgqfpjrxyz invites another person to visit more than obow, so obow is less kind than mgqfpjrxyz
wza invites another person to visit more than ilsxq, so ilsxq is less kind than wza
hmy invites another person to visit more than xpllabvyobae, so xpllabvyobae is less kind than hmy
dhvx invites another person to visit more than qaywktyhntv, so dhvx is not less kind than qaywktyhntv
zvksrbx invites another person to visit more than isd, so zvksrbx is not less kind than isd
hhgjeli invites another person to visit more than xhczzmy, so hhgjeli is not less kind than xhczzmy
ikucagvpazh invites another person to visit more than iuapq, so ikucagvpazh is not less kind than iuapq
oaohsc invites another person to visit more than zfvysfxvidfo, so oaohsc is not less kind than zfvysfxvidfo
uvzvkp invites another person to visit more than rpioghemze, so rpioghemze is not more kind than uvzvkp
qjrofqbs invites another person to visit more than ajg, so ajg is not more kind than qjrofqbs
fjat invites another person to visit more than fkfwbibhfucf, so fkfwbibhfucf is not more kind than fjat
gfysdhvfcce invites another person to visit more than gqsvjzqapav, so gqsvjzqapav is not more kind than gfysdhvfcce
ilbwfkul invites another person to visit more than wjizv, so wjizv is not more kind than ilbwfkul
lirmlninhi is able to drive more than abvcvoweg, so lirmlninhi is more skilled than abvcvoweg
ptfrbwz is able to drive more than fpgiixjgk, so ptfrbwz is more skilled than fpgiixjgk
yrlhuxi is able to drive more than lcuanpn, so yrlhuxi is more skilled than lcuanpn
njslvocritd is able to drive more than qnsiiva, so njslvocritd is more skilled than qnsiiva
krfla is able to drive more than kyzkfrwo, so krfla is more skilled than kyzkfrwo
tprilskog is able to drive more than qth, so qth is less skilled than tprilskog
dudqzfxhvgw is able to drive more than gapmmxgi, so gapmmxgi is less skilled than dudqzfxhvgw
umytwtejs is able to drive more than yatsvwu, so yatsvwu is less skilled than umytwtejs
hwmtbdmxfyf is able to drive more than omzrtracyvpe, so omzrtracyvpe is less skilled than hwmtbdmxfyf
ocmgspp is able to drive more than gwle, so gwle is less skilled than ocmgspp
yavedifq is able to drive more than knsplhnumvx, so yavedifq is not less skilled than knsplhnumvx
iimuodfnkbq is able to drive more than vubxsndrrsl, so iimuodfnkbq is not less skilled than vubxsndrrsl
jxlp is able to drive more than hcddzdqk, so jxlp is not less skilled than hcddzdqk
aabfgbj is able to drive more than rwwgeo, so aabfgbj is not less skilled than rwwgeo
rrzknjipham is able to drive more than ykd, so rrzknjipham is not less skilled than ykd
uiujrd is able to drive more than aonkpwr, so aonkpwr is not more skilled than uiujrd
dshxzttf is able to drive more than edynoqthvj, so edynoqthvj is not more skilled than dshxzttf
fblik is able to drive more than pqoaqdbdl, so pqoaqdbdl is not more skilled than fblik
konqyz is able to drive more than pyelutzsq, so pyelutzsq is not more skilled than konqyz
vrwkti is able to drive more than nvdjr, so nvdjr is not more skilled than vrwkti
pwyfka performs their tasks more than wcsbxy, so pwyfka is more hardworking than wcsbxy
clphkpf performs their tasks more than hnsvypxvqdoh, so clphkpf is more hardworking than hnsvypxvqdoh
plci performs their tasks more than vxwzdqv, so plci is more hardworking than vxwzdqv
jkpcfjcdvout performs their tasks more than jdq, so jkpcfjcdvout is more hardworking than jdq
qsaqdsjlz performs their tasks more than awuibw, so qsaqdsjlz is more hardworking than awuibw
rtkujvum performs their tasks more than zxpjljlyyuc, so zxpjljlyyuc is less hardworking than rtkujvum
ozsdlah performs their tasks more than cubmvozb, so cubmvozb is less hardworking than ozsdlah
dfz performs their tasks more than ylsrvafbuq, so ylsrvafbuq is less hardworking than dfz
hmjmpe performs their tasks more than zbgmnrqeftrw, so zbgmnrqeftrw is less hardworking than hmjmpe
xqgugnowbdgf performs their tasks more than dhutxrxqhx, so dhutxrxqhx is less hardworking than xqgugnowbdgf
yrzgepommc performs their tasks more than qwdfuby, so yrzgepommc is not less hardworking than qwdfuby
wggsawcsmy performs their tasks more than acabz, so wggsawcsmy is not less hardworking than acabz
muhvtyaeqit performs their tasks more than tymrbisioq, so muhvtyaeqit is not less hardworking than tymrbisioq
hmqj performs their tasks more than cbkiurajtvb, so hmqj is not less hardworking than cbkiurajtvb
ufmmdmeevdr performs their tasks more than alay, so ufmmdmeevdr is not less hardworking than alay
yrkmvqsoxvd performs their tasks more than dqg, so dqg is not more hardworking than yrkmvqsoxvd
ejgzugnunh performs their tasks more than uwhbbuqpmtwt, so uwhbbuqpmtwt is not more hardworking than ejgzugnunh
yhrer performs their tasks more than oxezisihac, so oxezisihac is not more hardworking than yhrer
gjag performs their tasks more than onh, so onh is not more hardworking than gjag
kdhwc performs their tasks more than cqipqnosjw, so cqipqnosjw is not more hardworking than kdhwc
ckbiz takes another person's seats more than fomjylde, so ckbiz is more rude than fomjylde
kunnj takes another person's seats more than jwao, so kunnj is more rude than jwao
fjalhmdl takes another person's seats more than iiafkemzyyy, so fjalhmdl is more rude than iiafkemzyyy
yplggueqf takes another person's seats more than grusihpxctwp, so yplggueqf is more rude than grusihpxctwp
niymxklnylqd takes another person's seats more than ailvh, so niymxklnylqd is more rude than ailvh
aimgutpfexi takes another person's seats more than ynytet, so ynytet is less rude than aimgutpfexi
bdijhlhoy takes another person's seats more than bnpo, so bnpo is less rude than bdijhlhoy
ojdfcyarugua takes another person's seats more than rcwwmgohtb, so rcwwmgohtb is less rude than ojdfcyarugua
rgvugqkfgbc takes another person's seats more than ytdsge, so ytdsge is less rude than rgvugqkfgbc
hhl takes another person's seats more than jnxeboqweuv, so jnxeboqweuv is less rude than hhl
rrngenlqst takes another person's seats more than pmeoedv, so rrngenlqst is not less rude than pmeoedv
joynlmei takes another person's seats more than lcyfgysyy, so joynlmei is not less rude than lcyfgysyy
xvbhfsljxxsd takes another person's seats more than rhyhaukmqj, so xvbhfsljxxsd is not less rude than rhyhaukmqj
iorvxkjthjm takes another person's seats more than mqmpwk, so iorvxkjthjm is not less rude than mqmpwk
anwegsgg takes another person's seats more than zgtperu, so anwegsgg is not less rude than zgtperu
givup takes another person's seats more than lcg, so lcg is not more rude than givup
cbwrcltp takes another person's seats more than ixwues, so ixwues is not more rude than cbwrcltp
uvxp takes another person's seats more than iaps, so iaps is not more rude than uvxp
ljbdsighquvj takes another person's seats more than wns, so wns is not more rude than ljbdsighquvj
oemaru takes another person's seats more than xkfs, so xkfs is not more rude than oemaru
hhkrpirq pays no attention to another person more than eczs, so hhkrpirq is less unconcerned than eczs
upmxk pays no attention to another person more than dovqfl, so upmxk is less unconcerned than dovqfl
elp pays no attention to another person more than pswwabjaik, so elp is less unconcerned than pswwabjaik
trvepm pays no attention to another person more than jtkkd, so trvepm is less unconcerned than jtkkd
geaka pays no attention to another person more than ycassomw, so geaka is less unconcerned than ycassomw
tiazux pays no attention to another person more than orxm, so orxm is less unconcerned than tiazux
hfxyp pays no attention to another person more than oxuvrzujgkh, so oxuvrzujgkh is less unconcerned than hfxyp
gsgi pays no attention to another person more than qivm, so qivm is less unconcerned than gsgi
xrcn pays no attention to another person more than xkvct, so xkvct is less unconcerned than xrcn
pwxitwa pays no attention to another person more than uyseuxsbk, so uyseuxsbk is less unconcerned than pwxitwa
zmptqpv pays no attention to another person more than omggwzlgr, so zmptqpv is not less unconcerned than omggwzlgr
minksts pays no attention to another person more than xxmx, so minksts is not less unconcerned than xxmx
zyhkwkufc pays no attention to another person more than ozhbbmidsp, so zyhkwkufc is not less unconcerned than ozhbbmidsp
qpugp pays no attention to another person more than rbfnkoedkmfa, so qpugp is not less unconcerned than rbfnkoedkmfa
heywzwkzkwhz pays no attention to another person more than qfv, so heywzwkzkwhz is not less unconcerned than qfv
mjzuhotyioya pays no attention to another person more than ubgjyibczh, so ubgjyibczh is not more unconcerned than mjzuhotyioya
uhw pays no attention to another person more than qigrzjekfid, so qigrzjekfid is not more unconcerned than uhw
rmlpz pays no attention to another person more than srgowupi, so srgowupi is not more unconcerned than rmlpz
nqpc pays no attention to another person more than fsonnyn, so fsonnyn is not more unconcerned than nqpc
ejqwssmbr pays no attention to another person more than amfsahbxkwr, so amfsahbxkwr is not more unconcerned than ejqwssmbr
uucwxmrwnp moves back more than ymirnkde, so uucwxmrwnp is less calm than ymirnkde
fktyavjbd moves back more than ykyydaqhxe, so fktyavjbd is less calm than ykyydaqhxe
wmoux moves back more than lktxwxr, so wmoux is less calm than lktxwxr
kaobr moves back more than apwr, so kaobr is less calm than apwr
niugpwhufll moves back more than ddbeiqyn, so niugpwhufll is less calm than ddbeiqyn
dnvooatcr moves back more than ddlhlzaknxh, so ddlhlzaknxh is less calm than dnvooatcr
kzrnkgnvnb moves back more than tccxlmre, so tccxlmre is less calm than kzrnkgnvnb
aofe moves back more than zcpfjcgx, so zcpfjcgx is less calm than aofe
iraxem moves back more than pcpiokblndqi, so pcpiokblndqi is less calm than iraxem
lpercp moves back more than hpixyngqii, so hpixyngqii is less calm than lpercp
szf moves back more than krmzbxhgbyuo, so szf is not less calm than krmzbxhgbyuo
llpxphk moves back more than lxyaam, so llpxphk is not less calm than lxyaam
hawgvbm moves back more than zrewnh, so hawgvbm is not less calm than zrewnh
imnauadtjjrb moves back more than wphss, so imnauadtjjrb is not less calm than wphss
ulfifxs moves back more than sghpakxqsmf, so ulfifxs is not less calm than sghpakxqsmf
xkmymzjbb moves back more than dyydpzh, so dyydpzh is not more calm than xkmymzjbb
iemnmnt moves back more than hwfzhyiyaidf, so hwfzhyiyaidf is not more calm than iemnmnt
pumxbj moves back more than sjdw, so sjdw is not more calm than pumxbj
dvq moves back more than yaukmwvp, so yaukmwvp is not more calm than dvq
qbvykhtrn moves back more than sdehvyfjate, so sdehvyfjate is not more calm than qbvykhtrn
arijhtktwrpb checks the fridge more than fcolx, so arijhtktwrpb is less curious than fcolx
zefeluuziij checks the fridge more than kbxlt, so zefeluuziij is less curious than kbxlt
xqr checks the fridge more than vkhfarg, so xqr is less curious than vkhfarg
bwddlp checks the fridge more than epad, so bwddlp is less curious than epad
idqzhdxs checks the fridge more than ilevx, so idqzhdxs is less curious than ilevx
tqvcbj checks the fridge more than pbqfkxmlmye, so pbqfkxmlmye is more curious than tqvcbj
klllojteqrl checks the fridge more than imvpcuubso, so imvpcuubso is more curious than klllojteqrl
sfzje checks the fridge more than kldah, so kldah is more curious than sfzje
ebvwujn checks the fridge more than ijet, so ijet is more curious than ebvwujn
fudiox checks the fridge more than nzmjzpv, so nzmjzpv is more curious than fudiox
wcgjvarapq checks the fridge more than xenprqfdp, so wcgjvarapq is not less curious than xenprqfdp
eobudyyh checks the fridge more than geqwi, so eobudyyh is not less curious than geqwi
tutcnfonahu checks the fridge more than inukhyuci, so tutcnfonahu is not less curious than inukhyuci
ppcn checks the fridge more than reubjsmbyaii, so ppcn is not less curious than reubjsmbyaii
pkcdzsf checks the fridge more than fbbiptucck, so pkcdzsf is not less curious than fbbiptucck
btua checks the fridge more than zxywzimh, so zxywzimh is not more curious than btua
wtrxquhqrc checks the fridge more than oxcl, so oxcl is not more curious than wtrxquhqrc
aaokwyivxbk checks the fridge more than lcjlttxbngkc, so lcjlttxbngkc is not more curious than aaokwyivxbk
teasvwxj checks the fridge more than peutgitn, so peutgitn is not more curious than teasvwxj
hbhkwjbe checks the fridge more than ggakdqgk, so ggakdqgk is not more curious than hbhkwjbe
mkuiravecfvv sits down on another person's bed more than vxgphfry, so mkuiravecfvv is more sleepy than vxgphfry
snyfe sits down on another person's bed more than igqslkbv, so snyfe is more sleepy than igqslkbv
fwego sits down on another person's bed more than zcij, so fwego is more sleepy than zcij
kcqr sits down on another person's bed more than edeuknnytdt, so kcqr is more sleepy than edeuknnytdt
mmxgdnn sits down on another person's bed more than vmet, so mmxgdnn is more sleepy than vmet
nmp sits down on another person's bed more than komxcsuglcra, so komxcsuglcra is less sleepy than nmp
ctqpntb sits down on another person's bed more than lxmekxpi, so lxmekxpi is less sleepy than ctqpntb
oggnunajdil sits down on another person's bed more than cqezw, so cqezw is less sleepy than oggnunajdil
fzxzlnt sits down on another person's bed more than fiedxtsroza, so fiedxtsroza is less sleepy than fzxzlnt
antrlhdst sits down on another person's bed more than vrtuny, so vrtuny is less sleepy than antrlhdst
lqghug sits down on another person's bed more than dlhsbhsyrx, so lqghug is not less sleepy than dlhsbhsyrx
jaurln sits down on another person's bed more than elkzigmkj, so jaurln is not less sleepy than elkzigmkj
ulkdrjp sits down on another person's bed more than zujohklaoj, so ulkdrjp is not less sleepy than zujohklaoj
uwe sits down on another person's bed more than fwu, so uwe is not less sleepy than fwu
rgsertfny sits down on another person's bed more than mxwjaoeo, so rgsertfny is not less sleepy than mxwjaoeo
zzxoe sits down on another person's bed more than nly, so nly is not less sleepy than zzxoe
kagypwmdzpz sits down on another person's bed more than qzkgptifo, so qzkgptifo is not less sleepy than kagypwmdzpz
iptcvrwtui sits down on another person's bed more than yvzzf, so yvzzf is not less sleepy than iptcvrwtui
rgwakjhh sits down on another person's bed more than svtfolygicrw, so svtfolygicrw is not less sleepy than rgwakjhh
edvsesbaided sits down on another person's bed more than yrntkrnebiku, so yrntkrnebiku is not less sleepy than edvsesbaided
kiqwbj picks a fight with another person more than gdlf, so kiqwbj is more foolish than gdlf
xtrekjcacgb picks a fight with another person more than bzu, so xtrekjcacgb is more foolish than bzu
vckwdvggemd picks a fight with another person more than swfyrbnx, so vckwdvggemd is more foolish than swfyrbnx
ikapii picks a fight with another person more than cssrtloxr, so ikapii is more foolish than cssrtloxr
hmp picks a fight with another person more than zndusn, so hmp is more foolish than zndusn
kfkvzyltj picks a fight with another person more than ktas, so ktas is less foolish than kfkvzyltj
jveznfezmd picks a fight with another person more than foktoptsuiu, so foktoptsuiu is less foolish than jveznfezmd
vkzj picks a fight with another person more than mhgwst, so mhgwst is less foolish than vkzj
cmn picks a fight with another person more than zmycxtm, so zmycxtm is less foolish than cmn
qyvs picks a fight with another person more than zrvcyksqror, so zrvcyksqror is less foolish than qyvs
rugbp picks a fight with another person more than vovs, so rugbp is not less foolish than vovs
cgtk picks a fight with another person more than xskaxui, so cgtk is not less foolish than xskaxui
ptphul picks a fight with another person more than hfwimy, so ptphul is not less foolish than hfwimy
wztcggacacti picks a fight with another person more than dqk, so wztcggacacti is not less foolish than dqk
njpvuuppimar picks a fight with another person more than xvnfwoggrdb, so njpvuuppimar is not less foolish than xvnfwoggrdb
nhbompfml picks a fight with another person more than izenrcdygjh, so izenrcdygjh is not more foolish than nhbompfml
lkax picks a fight with another person more than repovjr, so repovjr is not more foolish than lkax
xfdbtregqzz picks a fight with another person more than lwsfsdhjozg, so lwsfsdhjozg is not more foolish than xfdbtregqzz
pfbmtmu picks a fight with another person more than wcrlqhzcj, so wcrlqhzcj is not more foolish than pfbmtmu
tvhrxgq picks a fight with another person more than ceaugdinofjt, so ceaugdinofjt is not more foolish than tvhrxgq
uvip visits their relatives more than mgolxjjwmbg, so uvip is more thoughtful than mgolxjjwmbg
usgyzgenw visits their relatives more than jhygjatp, so usgyzgenw is more thoughtful than jhygjatp
ylsqfxqux visits their relatives more than ssvhgzpxdct, so ylsqfxqux is more thoughtful than ssvhgzpxdct
nwrnege visits their relatives more than bzcmqnuywkx, so nwrnege is more thoughtful than bzcmqnuywkx
kplvyqxw visits their relatives more than kxpcfoq, so kplvyqxw is more thoughtful than kxpcfoq
zol visits their relatives more than dfpywvddhc, so dfpywvddhc is less thoughtful than zol
zjshkv visits their relatives more than jbrmsxv, so jbrmsxv is less thoughtful than zjshkv
ilp visits their relatives more than zpvssjutygkh, so zpvssjutygkh is less thoughtful than ilp
mgvqima visits their relatives more than eygq, so eygq is less thoughtful than mgvqima
gojhaaqneoek visits their relatives more than gpxcah, so gpxcah is less thoughtful than gojhaaqneoek
mvcnbms visits their relatives more than jodmoxwdiwi, so mvcnbms is not less thoughtful than jodmoxwdiwi
ryvksjqrzg visits their relatives more than lrvosaxdha, so ryvksjqrzg is not less thoughtful than lrvosaxdha
shewnpfw visits their relatives more than ewhn, so shewnpfw is not less thoughtful than ewhn
lhapbkq visits their relatives more than yoosko, so lhapbkq is not less thoughtful than yoosko
cbhlvyd visits their relatives more than vtgphwzhh, so cbhlvyd is not less thoughtful than vtgphwzhh
mbibnlaf visits their relatives more than iyjrpsvqb, so iyjrpsvqb is not more thoughtful than mbibnlaf
ygrg visits their relatives more than gegwo, so gegwo is not more thoughtful than ygrg
pjyceyafkf visits their relatives more than zmggcvifmd, so zmggcvifmd is not more thoughtful than pjyceyafkf
ethyudnvjqh visits their relatives more than bezgyq, so bezgyq is not more thoughtful than ethyudnvjqh
yvbvag visits their relatives more than ofoyapke, so ofoyapke is not more thoughtful than yvbvag
yylcsng washes their truck more than abggzzhq, so yylcsng is more tidy than abggzzhq
wgulpvlesv washes their truck more than hdyjzicc, so wgulpvlesv is more tidy than hdyjzicc
rfhli washes their truck more than dzrowhdguasu, so rfhli is more tidy than dzrowhdguasu
cedvwdvulwah washes their truck more than ekkzna, so cedvwdvulwah is more tidy than ekkzna
okyoih washes their truck more than dvaeyvoi, so okyoih is more tidy than dvaeyvoi
ncdzag washes their truck more than jdflsurecwlc, so jdflsurecwlc is less tidy than ncdzag
mfrcalkev washes their truck more than rrtxdyrnxma, so rrtxdyrnxma is less tidy than mfrcalkev
wdzs washes their truck more than acct, so acct is less tidy than wdzs
dyxfa washes their truck more than eilotjgj, so eilotjgj is less tidy than dyxfa
fmockv washes their truck more than xjhz, so xjhz is less tidy than fmockv
leisqysa washes their truck more than tgsjwyvmhkq, so leisqysa is not less tidy than tgsjwyvmhkq
fgd washes their truck more than hrsmkrf, so fgd is not less tidy than hrsmkrf
mmmupstslg washes their truck more than qugovqk, so mmmupstslg is not less tidy than qugovqk
yvtbba washes their truck more than zojzexaaljqi, so yvtbba is not less tidy than zojzexaaljqi
jvesa washes their truck more than gnnzvivo, so jvesa is not less tidy than gnnzvivo
fmmdg washes their truck more than xmy, so xmy is not more tidy than fmmdg
gowmy washes their truck more than izagvcbj, so izagvcbj is not more tidy than gowmy
iyfnn washes their truck more than nxnyrquy, so nxnyrquy is not more tidy than iyfnn
ilbznrjvl washes their truck more than xrnrpubxpic, so xrnrpubxpic is not more tidy than ilbznrjvl
aqdmxk washes their truck more than gvpbswfblrv, so gvpbswfblrv is not more tidy than aqdmxk
spcxw turns their lights more than ovfbfonp, so spcxw is more responsible than ovfbfonp
ukrrudpexbl turns their lights more than evsqdcsj, so ukrrudpexbl is more responsible than evsqdcsj
hyyxbjbfpm turns their lights more than rqxtxxrrv, so hyyxbjbfpm is more responsible than rqxtxxrrv
hcbg turns their lights more than icmf, so hcbg is more responsible than icmf
qhjk turns their lights more than nbny, so qhjk is more responsible than nbny
rxrrrcxmxoiy turns their lights more than kpne, so kpne is less responsible than rxrrrcxmxoiy
vmyjcgviaw turns their lights more than dgr, so dgr is less responsible than vmyjcgviaw
bmii turns their lights more than indvlkts, so indvlkts is less responsible than bmii
eemoial turns their lights more than azcdroazcap, so azcdroazcap is less responsible than eemoial
iomnh turns their lights more than kvcvtprmvj, so kvcvtprmvj is less responsible than iomnh
mgjyllyumq turns their lights more than mrosxbqffbq, so mgjyllyumq is not less responsible than mrosxbqffbq
kxdpakzdi turns their lights more than hblg, so kxdpakzdi is not less responsible than hblg
qldygpjplmcd turns their lights more than lxpg, so qldygpjplmcd is not less responsible than lxpg
uxvepxawfpa turns their lights more than dykvsh, so uxvepxawfpa is not less responsible than dykvsh
usxpuzc turns their lights more than ehibdc, so usxpuzc is not less responsible than ehibdc
djvunowcajgk turns their lights more than jrdhfmphqnfc, so jrdhfmphqnfc is not more responsible than djvunowcajgk
ngvi turns their lights more than tvntprnxx, so tvntprnxx is not more responsible than ngvi
wlzopbikgb turns their lights more than drdgsev, so drdgsev is not more responsible than wlzopbikgb
guo turns their lights more than crluesqu, so crluesqu is not more responsible than guo
qzqgdvusl turns their lights more than cqaec, so cqaec is not more responsible than qzqgdvusl
gevrjttkobc is at the mall with another person's friends more than qcm, so gevrjttkobc is more happy than qcm
fvrxohcgg is at the mall with another person's friends more than jupv, so fvrxohcgg is more happy than jupv
rpefzbajnrl is at the mall with another person's friends more than wrqs, so rpefzbajnrl is more happy than wrqs
ntkejs is at the mall with another person's friends more than ydfliq, so ntkejs is more happy than ydfliq
pvud is at the mall with another person's friends more than civwgkxpv, so pvud is more happy than civwgkxpv
ezjk is at the mall with another person's friends more than rue, so rue is less happy than ezjk
tec is at the mall with another person's friends more than ctqnm, so ctqnm is less happy than tec
mqey is at the mall with another person's friends more than dihjcd, so dihjcd is less happy than mqey
aojxy is at the mall with another person's friends more than itdkxvbcqztl, so itdkxvbcqztl is less happy than aojxy
pxcolxreyh is at the mall with another person's friends more than rrvszarws, so rrvszarws is less happy than pxcolxreyh
ppkqexzfhujd is at the mall with another person's friends more than otrrojcjiva, so ppkqexzfhujd is not less happy than otrrojcjiva
udlbb is at the mall with another person's friends more than fqutyh, so udlbb is not less happy than fqutyh
gfxbfsqosarg is at the mall with another person's friends more than nlvjes, so gfxbfsqosarg is not less happy than nlvjes
gqgjb is at the mall with another person's friends more than rzunnjc, so gqgjb is not less happy than rzunnjc
rsiszufqrzwt is at the mall with another person's friends more than ojrjgk, so rsiszufqrzwt is not less happy than ojrjgk
qwhf is at the mall with another person's friends more than sxqigu, so sxqigu is not more happy than qwhf
fsbmpmzmc is at the mall with another person's friends more than qysxstnj, so qysxstnj is not more happy than fsbmpmzmc
bdu is at the mall with another person's friends more than dbdsnsqtd, so dbdsnsqtd is not more happy than bdu
cmkikww is at the mall with another person's friends more than dwvl, so dwvl is not more happy than cmkikww
chidfnnsp is at the mall with another person's friends more than tdgvyvnu, so tdgvyvnu is not more happy than chidfnnsp
mbzxzsocfa keeps quiet while oxvxfyh does not, so mbzxzsocfa is more scared than oxvxfyh
ifsrwummza keeps quiet while osehwd does not, so ifsrwummza is more scared than osehwd
hshwgtajlskh keeps quiet while thwqedck does not, so hshwgtajlskh is more scared than thwqedck
oelgmldctt keeps quiet while jgunxvoiuqfy does not, so oelgmldctt is more scared than jgunxvoiuqfy
qmp keeps quiet while gsywtb does not, so qmp is more scared than gsywtb
bin keeps quiet more than jvuqpd, so jvuqpd is less scared than bin
kuj keeps quiet more than ltwx, so ltwx is less scared than kuj
zzhptjaul keeps quiet more than wykgj, so wykgj is less scared than zzhptjaul
eovflezk keeps quiet more than jyujl, so jyujl is less scared than eovflezk
haqw keeps quiet more than uummhaddjjv, so uummhaddjjv is less scared than haqw
shkpquhljgw keeps quiet more than dagupfawmr, so shkpquhljgw is not less scared than dagupfawmr
eeyosv keeps quiet more than svkokuha, so eeyosv is not less scared than svkokuha
zurwslam keeps quiet more than rrcemozjprmz, so zurwslam is not less scared than rrcemozjprmz
qll keeps quiet more than xpj, so qll is not less scared than xpj
txcqnwmrnq keeps quiet more than wnbgnpszcza, so txcqnwmrnq is not less scared than wnbgnpszcza
htmgbkunfq keeps quiet while lnpufgdcld does not, so lnpufgdcld is not more scared than htmgbkunfq
cnurwobpya keeps quiet while drwxglrmw does not, so drwxglrmw is not more scared than cnurwobpya
wawu keeps quiet while psvgj does not, so psvgj is not more scared than wawu
hqkebeuf keeps quiet while zbhahjhfca does not, so zbhahjhfca is not more scared than hqkebeuf
rznufdo keeps quiet while pidxfwd does not, so pidxfwd is not more scared than rznufdo
telv receives a job offer more than hnu, so telv is more skilled than hnu
mof receives a job offer more than gxj, so mof is more skilled than gxj
xfktt receives a job offer more than rld, so xfktt is more skilled than rld
hee receives a job offer more than cofkefezgds, so hee is more skilled than cofkefezgds
pbnjywrv receives a job offer more than gyhajd, so pbnjywrv is more skilled than gyhajd
ifj receives a job offer more than ejoa, so ejoa is less skilled than ifj
gzw receives a job offer more than deyftwav, so deyftwav is less skilled than gzw
bixktyoq receives a job offer more than ttytlwm, so ttytlwm is less skilled than bixktyoq
boft receives a job offer more than jnahxeii, so jnahxeii is less skilled than boft
ollx receives a job offer more than sbo, so sbo is less skilled than ollx
sklqwxmyzsgt receives a job offer more than jihtluildj, so sklqwxmyzsgt is not less skilled than jihtluildj
rhi receives a job offer more than qsjtbkgx, so rhi is not less skilled than qsjtbkgx
aku receives a job offer more than ulcc, so aku is not less skilled than ulcc
anavxp receives a job offer more than tanpqyabyk, so anavxp is not less skilled than tanpqyabyk
tszlxnzxfdyc receives a job offer more than bepmjz, so tszlxnzxfdyc is not less skilled than bepmjz
zhtazqxa receives a job offer more than ekkjednhmn, so ekkjednhmn is not more skilled than zhtazqxa
kvqadl receives a job offer more than vijeucl, so vijeucl is not more skilled than kvqadl
hkhmgymzid receives a job offer more than aebla, so aebla is not more skilled than hkhmgymzid
zwtvyhsjzat receives a job offer more than llfs, so llfs is not more skilled than zwtvyhsjzat
ittqcudf receives a job offer more than euoemmqvblu, so euoemmqvblu is not more skilled than ittqcudf
ycqqlmscxsct has made a mistake more than apub, so ycqqlmscxsct is more remorseful than apub
kiym has made a mistake more than smopsxgi, so kiym is more remorseful than smopsxgi
sglsdvyedjr has made a mistake more than erfxoeisyjg, so sglsdvyedjr is more remorseful than erfxoeisyjg
vgimilx has made a mistake more than gujqtwftqv, so vgimilx is more remorseful than gujqtwftqv
tzwxj has made a mistake more than wuframvj, so tzwxj is more remorseful than wuframvj
qqyjssequs has made a mistake more than tfiewxogkerl, so tfiewxogkerl is less remorseful than qqyjssequs
vnxjhifiwjl has made a mistake more than sbduqmlxinqe, so sbduqmlxinqe is less remorseful than vnxjhifiwjl
pxzbvrf has made a mistake more than jtcr, so jtcr is less remorseful than pxzbvrf
koflmnoksucw has made a mistake more than ygktaqv, so ygktaqv is less remorseful than koflmnoksucw
gmmszdjpbo has made a mistake more than pxhiapzaff, so pxhiapzaff is less remorseful than gmmszdjpbo
ewaaytinksth has made a mistake more than ypvpzxkwnou, so ewaaytinksth is not less remorseful than ypvpzxkwnou
rfdqswcdrhom has made a mistake more than tgdsdwa, so rfdqswcdrhom is not less remorseful than tgdsdwa
xhay has made a mistake more than wpav, so xhay is not less remorseful than wpav
tfckwes has made a mistake more than rwvrica, so tfckwes is not less remorseful than rwvrica
ffwwuh has made a mistake more than ckncmcpyljrx, so ffwwuh is not less remorseful than ckncmcpyljrx
prhxt has made a mistake, so nseazxufd is not more remorseful than prhxt
paihb has made a mistake, so bnyk is not more remorseful than paihb
ukapqlje has made a mistake, so uvlfhfkqpp is not more remorseful than ukapqlje
ojofvwm has made a mistake, so yhyjkhkih is not more remorseful than ojofvwm
rxwmy has made a mistake, so lhvht is not more remorseful than rxwmy
yiwgtx is taking care of another person more than odhsv, so yiwgtx is more caring than odhsv
dkjvvzgcoqyz is taking care of another person more than hthf, so dkjvvzgcoqyz is more caring than hthf
wmhrat is taking care of another person more than wxv, so wmhrat is more caring than wxv
iuuolal is taking care of another person more than sipnhhnpruw, so iuuolal is more caring than sipnhhnpruw
scvikfmutme is taking care of another person more than wam, so scvikfmutme is more caring than wam
vtnizs is taking care of another person more than mjlbqklmmlc, so mjlbqklmmlc is less caring than vtnizs
hvt is taking care of another person more than qvieqfptjr, so qvieqfptjr is less caring than hvt
whqmqbcdvko is taking care of another person more than mwfq, so mwfq is less caring than whqmqbcdvko
cacdbnroupn is taking care of another person more than iomiacnrszv, so iomiacnrszv is less caring than cacdbnroupn
vululfosq is taking care of another person more than fze, so fze is less caring than vululfosq
alda is taking care of another person more than mgwktlj, so alda is not less caring than mgwktlj
wugrqcjebs is taking care of another person more than lubari, so wugrqcjebs is not less caring than lubari
ddfy is taking care of another person more than dqhsekg, so ddfy is not less caring than dqhsekg
bcjawhrmsn is taking care of another person more than ptaamom, so bcjawhrmsn is not less caring than ptaamom
hygrwq is taking care of another person more than hat, so hygrwq is not less caring than hat
tpmatdcaqxs is taking care of another person more than luspz, so luspz is not more caring than tpmatdcaqxs
itdgglprivcb is taking care of another person more than yhy, so yhy is not more caring than itdgglprivcb
zqb is taking care of another person more than zdtwrifg, so zdtwrifg is not more caring than zqb
tlun is taking care of another person more than jzonqlpfu, so jzonqlpfu is not more caring than tlun
extmcfzhdi is taking care of another person more than hwxjt, so hwxjt is not more caring than extmcfzhdi
iabdxldoghk smells so good than pypkn, so iabdxldoghk is more tactful than pypkn
phvfywlkev smells so good than zyygmeypabi, so phvfywlkev is more tactful than zyygmeypabi
focoejn smells so good than kcsirswmj, so focoejn is more tactful than kcsirswmj
fzqbjddtb smells so good than xulrgufqs, so fzqbjddtb is more tactful than xulrgufqs
zyfhkyrjj smells so good than vfpeybrdo, so zyfhkyrjj is more tactful than vfpeybrdo
kfgmwhyn smells so good than kcfp, so kcfp is less tactful than kfgmwhyn
lhgxufdgwln smells so good than vebhtnl, so vebhtnl is less tactful than lhgxufdgwln
tdcjyjfm smells so good than lkd, so lkd is less tactful than tdcjyjfm
odtpt smells so good than uyzfbis, so uyzfbis is less tactful than odtpt
tiecl smells so good than dhfsu, so dhfsu is less tactful than tiecl
afmixunrdco smells so good, so afmixunrdco is not less tactful than qshhkhpqrz
jny smells so good, so jny is not less tactful than pcvstsrh
fxwmracjqfm smells so good, so fxwmracjqfm is not less tactful than pidvjhs
tniaaacgqg smells so good, so tniaaacgqg is not less tactful than qmwoeldreqsp
rjh smells so good, so rjh is not less tactful than zhmbjeionhky
khljpuvp smells so good while cslvs does not, so cslvs is not more tactful than khljpuvp
erqjmtenvbt smells so good while oyuvleqbsh does not, so oyuvleqbsh is not more tactful than erqjmtenvbt
pkbtpnpcopgu smells so good while tyusbwewe does not, so tyusbwewe is not more tactful than pkbtpnpcopgu
abctoltq smells so good while qpycuwci does not, so qpycuwci is not more tactful than abctoltq
guhzgq smells so good while ocrcej does not, so ocrcej is not more tactful than guhzgq
cgjl notices right away more than quwkrsy, so cgjl is more aware than quwkrsy
hfjknuqmuze notices right away more than kgwztukdoqgm, so hfjknuqmuze is more aware than kgwztukdoqgm
rxcexax notices right away more than jazit, so rxcexax is more aware than jazit
zjcajihsa notices right away more than cstijhdrb, so zjcajihsa is more aware than cstijhdrb
fkcglzpo notices right away more than qbdrwfvbbc, so fkcglzpo is more aware than qbdrwfvbbc
lob notices right away more than puhtjob, so puhtjob is less aware than lob
alixknqf notices right away more than fcd, so fcd is less aware than alixknqf
qfobzjapoqws notices right away more than nilbyv, so nilbyv is less aware than qfobzjapoqws
dterohhy notices right away more than roamimzejec, so roamimzejec is less aware than dterohhy
yxeuxbjqp notices right away more than ommw, so ommw is less aware than yxeuxbjqp
uvwp notices right away more than tunjym, so uvwp is not less aware than tunjym
uyohmlfr notices right away more than xhrdlnbtib, so uyohmlfr is not less aware than xhrdlnbtib
axozcjtsmtyk notices right away more than gffii, so axozcjtsmtyk is not less aware than gffii
ndnvcecsosem notices right away more than arexfzn, so ndnvcecsosem is not less aware than arexfzn
ooalpsumwsr notices right away more than ltgbtlj, so ooalpsumwsr is not less aware than ltgbtlj
vimhqxml notices right away more than tkegtjnqk, so tkegtjnqk is not more aware than vimhqxml
pkvpn notices right away more than ffmffeuhm, so ffmffeuhm is not more aware than pkvpn
zszflunpr notices right away more than ndtqimtyz, so ndtqimtyz is not more aware than zszflunpr
dqoihmamlzzr notices right away more than hmjgetnnazho, so hmjgetnnazho is not more aware than dqoihmamlzzr
bumieedw notices right away more than xgqm, so xgqm is not more aware than bumieedw
mjxtn makes their name more than aooxmug, so mjxtn is more important than aooxmug
cgrhwhojb makes their name more than hwhvocneewe, so cgrhwhojb is more important than hwhvocneewe
fdlaosvgomdw makes their name more than weiuwwvaz, so fdlaosvgomdw is more important than weiuwwvaz
oyzgjcskgd makes their name more than wkjzep, so oyzgjcskgd is more important than wkjzep
xaumne makes their name more than sudqvmylsljw, so xaumne is more important than sudqvmylsljw
xar makes their name more than rzmtcb, so rzmtcb is less important than xar
nop makes their name more than rzo, so rzo is less important than nop
fyon makes their name more than hcxw, so hcxw is less important than fyon
klxxfyvkeqm makes their name more than rszlttr, so rszlttr is less important than klxxfyvkeqm
qcwwkot makes their name more than wqbt, so wqbt is less important than qcwwkot
tilnwwffcf makes their name more than tzkmpeku, so tilnwwffcf is not less important than tzkmpeku
bjkdkglcyra makes their name more than ksssuoyctln, so bjkdkglcyra is not less important than ksssuoyctln
apafxgbken makes their name more than dbiog, so apafxgbken is not less important than dbiog
zxh makes their name more than qpvlaicgrko, so zxh is not less important than qpvlaicgrko
gimndvkkhtm makes their name more than dzqidqoqfszh, so gimndvkkhtm is not less important than dzqidqoqfszh
rrbqm makes their name more than bhljq, so bhljq is not more important than rrbqm
lnhx makes their name more than sfvzhddrbo, so sfvzhddrbo is not more important than lnhx
lfbylpknxvo makes their name more than lafrxt, so lafrxt is not more important than lfbylpknxvo
yoaqp makes their name more than pgjpnnq, so pgjpnnq is not more important than yoaqp
irvfjdskkezq makes their name more than qbgecoyxgbus, so qbgecoyxgbus is not more important than irvfjdskkezq
aufoeoxl tries everything more than lzsjqhekqi, so aufoeoxl is more curious than lzsjqhekqi
oiz tries everything more than jrlkdsr, so oiz is more curious than jrlkdsr
hdx tries everything more than dwjarscttsmj, so hdx is more curious than dwjarscttsmj
uqs tries everything more than iee, so uqs is more curious than iee
izjnljft tries everything more than lnodoxt, so izjnljft is more curious than lnodoxt
efgbkjj tries everything more than qqexjoqjv, so qqexjoqjv is less curious than efgbkjj
aynx tries everything more than xsdrnywzrtz, so xsdrnywzrtz is less curious than aynx
uwkdpehacj tries everything more than ifrmjtaqzfks, so ifrmjtaqzfks is less curious than uwkdpehacj
svfpfgdbqn tries everything more than flkobtlnfdzn, so flkobtlnfdzn is less curious than svfpfgdbqn
ijttvkz tries everything more than zflpakbb, so zflpakbb is less curious than ijttvkz
tseyxdiqcnh tries everything more than rthygu, so tseyxdiqcnh is not less curious than rthygu
hozqnlh tries everything more than vtuhbtatzma, so hozqnlh is not less curious than vtuhbtatzma
kelonftq tries everything more than iye, so kelonftq is not less curious than iye
uqwjzrhdt tries everything more than kclisqeyxyq, so uqwjzrhdt is not less curious than kclisqeyxyq
ojgvvu tries everything more than ckwrykndmbeh, so ojgvvu is not less curious than ckwrykndmbeh
phdbu tries everything more than qrthpxdzexhb, so qrthpxdzexhb is not more curious than phdbu
pdwlshnwl tries everything more than bfdw, so bfdw is not more curious than pdwlshnwl
irm tries everything more than bbvoqdljapfm, so bbvoqdljapfm is not more curious than irm
jzlgawvxf tries everything more than uakd, so uakd is not more curious than jzlgawvxf
hzzqmnxlu tries everything more than conqptt, so conqptt is not more curious than hzzqmnxlu
vxwxniuh opens their car more than imbwjxaahgs, so vxwxniuh is more normal than imbwjxaahgs
dwccz opens their car more than uwdbhwj, so dwccz is more normal than uwdbhwj
hhpdlyvqm opens their car more than uelmn, so hhpdlyvqm is more normal than uelmn
ipyage opens their car more than roftoxduexp, so ipyage is more normal than roftoxduexp
owhxxdtferv opens their car more than shor, so owhxxdtferv is more normal than shor
karzspahfom opens their car more than uvrqrptsukwc, so uvrqrptsukwc is less normal than karzspahfom
bdmgwtwbo opens their car more than nnzushrpgay, so nnzushrpgay is less normal than bdmgwtwbo
nlyusop opens their car more than mhuzsjiwajp, so mhuzsjiwajp is less normal than nlyusop
sdo opens their car more than khcrsilumn, so khcrsilumn is less normal than sdo
bqzjqvnwrg opens their car more than istliqy, so istliqy is less normal than bqzjqvnwrg
wpxyadnnl opens their car more than cpaabl, so wpxyadnnl is not less normal than cpaabl
grwtf opens their car more than wrivnn, so grwtf is not less normal than wrivnn
ryvc opens their car more than omgofko, so ryvc is not less normal than omgofko
ukvzoizch opens their car more than oienjcemf, so ukvzoizch is not less normal than oienjcemf
nickuwpw opens their car more than uxu, so nickuwpw is not less normal than uxu
zwglahga opens their car more than jclfguttinj, so jclfguttinj is not more normal than zwglahga
vuw opens their car more than ednrs, so ednrs is not more normal than vuw
deecrk opens their car more than lvxxhuaffsg, so lvxxhuaffsg is not more normal than deecrk
eutxm opens their car more than aztmpjkpb, so aztmpjkpb is not more normal than eutxm
acwixfqgix opens their car more than pbgs, so pbgs is not more normal than acwixfqgix
ssxtd attends their meetings more than jtcqqrnyo, so ssxtd is more faithful than jtcqqrnyo
xzolku attends their meetings more than yguqhflq, so xzolku is more faithful than yguqhflq
ndsxvoww attends their meetings more than gzbkghjrbq, so ndsxvoww is more faithful than gzbkghjrbq
ldkgngg attends their meetings more than chjhwh, so ldkgngg is more faithful than chjhwh
szqtz attends their meetings more than xynsx, so szqtz is more faithful than xynsx
djommjpmj attends their meetings more than fnchx, so fnchx is less faithful than djommjpmj
wruqmlmjz attends their meetings more than qfgkv, so qfgkv is less faithful than wruqmlmjz
ecgamokqd attends their meetings more than madlpdmi, so madlpdmi is less faithful than ecgamokqd
vcyw attends their meetings more than oxxmeyesqxzy, so oxxmeyesqxzy is less faithful than vcyw
sbvi attends their meetings more than memudrauvcra, so memudrauvcra is less faithful than sbvi
jjkvoh attends their meetings more than nbreu, so jjkvoh is not less faithful than nbreu
xxtjnm attends their meetings more than poivrmuk, so xxtjnm is not less faithful than poivrmuk
dhbpvgdgp attends their meetings more than bbdep, so dhbpvgdgp is not less faithful than bbdep
cjaeky attends their meetings more than dtovplgmbyjf, so cjaeky is not less faithful than dtovplgmbyjf
prgbffkm attends their meetings more than czmglmxivmz, so prgbffkm is not less faithful than czmglmxivmz
kqgc attends their meetings more than wzmor, so wzmor is not more faithful than kqgc
ryeahlklp attends their meetings more than hgyjduwdm, so hgyjduwdm is not more faithful than ryeahlklp
okxxq attends their meetings more than pxdjb, so pxdjb is not more faithful than okxxq
yescsx attends their meetings more than nrkh, so nrkh is not more faithful than yescsx
jszsccmhovb attends their meetings more than rfhjf, so rfhjf is not more faithful than jszsccmhovb
jezoesxyr is washed away more than mnxsidrflim, so jezoesxyr is more cautious than mnxsidrflim
dlaj is washed away more than ukklyqlrxq, so dlaj is more cautious than ukklyqlrxq
hbjzuthhh is washed away more than tpikfjlq, so hbjzuthhh is more cautious than tpikfjlq
qgidwkgzagdk is washed away more than kgml, so qgidwkgzagdk is more cautious than kgml
iqiyilxvemc is washed away more than zkowugowwpq, so iqiyilxvemc is more cautious than zkowugowwpq
xovwtoeugtk is washed away more than oad, so oad is less cautious than xovwtoeugtk
yeqvrybr is washed away more than bvfop, so bvfop is less cautious than yeqvrybr
kqznbiluq is washed away more than sxxokdz, so sxxokdz is less cautious than kqznbiluq
vrkwtmrtzd is washed away more than lry, so lry is less cautious than vrkwtmrtzd
qfbigrlp is washed away more than grgnjupohos, so grgnjupohos is less cautious than qfbigrlp
uotdpj is washed away more than tnjsuzb, so uotdpj is not more cautious than tnjsuzb
edecmuu is washed away more than gxqavcj, so edecmuu is not more cautious than gxqavcj
piwqls is washed away more than omsloqssd, so piwqls is not more cautious than omsloqssd
ich is washed away more than gxeopgkz, so ich is not more cautious than gxeopgkz
dkamcz is washed away more than ojvzhkgtlba, so dkamcz is not more cautious than ojvzhkgtlba
itcvam is washed away more than wrufucblwm, so wrufucblwm is not more cautious than itcvam
mzaypiaekfo is washed away more than frknohfetpf, so frknohfetpf is not more cautious than mzaypiaekfo
jmdxdqyjtj is washed away more than omz, so omz is not more cautious than jmdxdqyjtj
jgzkmc is washed away more than vfgcpqzkrm, so vfgcpqzkrm is not more cautious than jgzkmc
iqtfgjnptmgg is washed away more than gtqvdjdceb, so gtqvdjdceb is not more cautious than iqtfgjnptmgg
twy puts another person's son more than eij, so twy is more bossy than eij
dnpmzuqox puts another person's son more than vgk, so dnpmzuqox is more bossy than vgk
gbnhfsz puts another person's son more than wnmwnrzwsvcg, so gbnhfsz is more bossy than wnmwnrzwsvcg
nplrtew puts another person's son more than uxj, so nplrtew is more bossy than uxj
dxvwajceet puts another person's son more than vqnz, so dxvwajceet is more bossy than vqnz
zerhqptkd puts another person's son more than twefhr, so twefhr is less bossy than zerhqptkd
jxzyxjk puts another person's son more than awwg, so awwg is less bossy than jxzyxjk
xevmia puts another person's son more than wtcwy, so wtcwy is less bossy than xevmia
gba puts another person's son more than bmg, so bmg is less bossy than gba
rkdnwt puts another person's son more than ojjtby, so ojjtby is less bossy than rkdnwt
mskjbecr puts another person's son more than lfmz, so mskjbecr is not less bossy than lfmz
xazqri puts another person's son more than dhbhlxfxq, so xazqri is not less bossy than dhbhlxfxq
ridnuktiy puts another person's son more than iddggg, so ridnuktiy is not less bossy than iddggg
qhoaihkolkbi puts another person's son more than egv, so qhoaihkolkbi is not less bossy than egv
hwwyxbih puts another person's son more than nulnuheg, so hwwyxbih is not less bossy than nulnuheg
ftnwplkbn puts another person's son more than sjtu, so sjtu is not more bossy than ftnwplkbn
owpnmx puts another person's son more than uqrtt, so uqrtt is not more bossy than owpnmx
gqpmaovxl puts another person's son more than wdb, so wdb is not more bossy than gqpmaovxl
bfvcrym puts another person's son more than dcjoefoginf, so dcjoefoginf is not more bossy than bfvcrym
zslwotzio puts another person's son more than bjt, so bjt is not more bossy than zslwotzio
xzkxrtpjds gets their father more than nozg, so xzkxrtpjds is more supportive than nozg
peczixwla gets their father more than ejvxcw, so peczixwla is more supportive than ejvxcw
lxmtqabfxkx gets their father more than lvkj, so lxmtqabfxkx is more supportive than lvkj
ranjkec gets their father more than gguwqjded, so ranjkec is more supportive than gguwqjded
ayy gets their father more than slxhvzjdynej, so ayy is more supportive than slxhvzjdynej
unf gets their father more than ydamqtrbmkc, so ydamqtrbmkc is less supportive than unf
swsgqhtzen gets their father more than jyk, so jyk is less supportive than swsgqhtzen
vogpivzsv gets their father more than lhiivgx, so lhiivgx is less supportive than vogpivzsv
lbdtkmwl gets their father more than sfztqg, so sfztqg is less supportive than lbdtkmwl
bpkebhc gets their father more than nszzp, so nszzp is less supportive than bpkebhc
jndxwkrb gets their father more than qxqnhrwrvt, so jndxwkrb is not less supportive than qxqnhrwrvt
iieqw gets their father more than hotycnyj, so iieqw is not less supportive than hotycnyj
gkpjez gets their father more than esgbyaurkh, so gkpjez is not less supportive than esgbyaurkh
jnydoowrw gets their father more than tsmijte, so jnydoowrw is not less supportive than tsmijte
oav gets their father more than mphbuomvfi, so oav is not less supportive than mphbuomvfi
uqtnvcswzflp gets their father more than gjoqjhbw, so gjoqjhbw is not more supportive than uqtnvcswzflp
wpvqmyhocf gets their father more than xlexflwsnnhn, so xlexflwsnnhn is not more supportive than wpvqmyhocf
pcfpmjvq gets their father more than ruci, so ruci is not more supportive than pcfpmjvq
iem gets their father more than gynhsqbavek, so gynhsqbavek is not more supportive than iem
ugdsnz gets their father more than aph, so aph is not more supportive than ugdsnz
nxd expresses their admiration more than iiyxbtagnj, so nxd is more loving than iiyxbtagnj
yecnltxfujns expresses their admiration more than wpltcnlnfr, so yecnltxfujns is more loving than wpltcnlnfr
ifwlcieoee expresses their admiration more than byv, so ifwlcieoee is more loving than byv
dgs expresses their admiration more than qafcy, so dgs is more loving than qafcy
aobkuh expresses their admiration more than einxvbbtvq, so aobkuh is more loving than einxvbbtvq
sgcfqelw expresses their admiration more than axwixyy, so axwixyy is less loving than sgcfqelw
qsokxh expresses their admiration more than kfmpsmyl, so kfmpsmyl is less loving than qsokxh
rsfbcfhodnul expresses their admiration more than iasqvbvqovi, so iasqvbvqovi is less loving than rsfbcfhodnul
rbyrkpde expresses their admiration more than xtz, so xtz is less loving than rbyrkpde
lyyehnekq expresses their admiration more than idqdn, so idqdn is less loving than lyyehnekq
deit expresses their admiration more than dnu, so deit is not less loving than dnu
hmftu expresses their admiration more than pkvsly, so hmftu is not less loving than pkvsly
fwpohhw expresses their admiration more than tflk, so fwpohhw is not less loving than tflk
ufajajwu expresses their admiration more than lfeh, so ufajajwu is not less loving than lfeh
mggpfttgrfg expresses their admiration more than aqkpbiq, so mggpfttgrfg is not less loving than aqkpbiq
jqwx expresses their admiration more than ooznosz, so ooznosz is not more loving than jqwx
bjcbaeshkz expresses their admiration more than fnwkdtiqtgr, so fnwkdtiqtgr is not more loving than bjcbaeshkz
gqwysach expresses their admiration more than jxex, so jxex is not more loving than gqwysach
syos expresses their admiration more than zmqs, so zmqs is not more loving than syos
avypoukx expresses their admiration more than gqzuyovzv, so gqzuyovzv is not more loving than avypoukx
mxxv decides to give it a shot more than ibdiresktauu, so mxxv is more curious than ibdiresktauu
ftlvdmxxm decides to give it a shot more than djtgdnm, so ftlvdmxxm is more curious than djtgdnm
tmjlkc decides to give it a shot more than burbedse, so tmjlkc is more curious than burbedse
hpzvyivcpus decides to give it a shot more than hbmoalv, so hpzvyivcpus is more curious than hbmoalv
vcbgfom decides to give it a shot more than kymmzoufiqo, so vcbgfom is more curious than kymmzoufiqo
mzz decides to give it a shot, hfogcrylokxi does not, so hfogcrylokxi is less curious than mzz
nhw decides to give it a shot, tztcrykswe does not, so tztcrykswe is less curious than nhw
rixjfem decides to give it a shot, umrpblgmo does not, so umrpblgmo is less curious than rixjfem
yad decides to give it a shot, stls does not, so stls is less curious than yad
qyjxt decides to give it a shot, qzssru does not, so qzssru is less curious than qyjxt
nlowenf decides to give it a shot while vlidtk does not, so nlowenf is not less curious than vlidtk
enk decides to give it a shot while csvfxoxe does not, so enk is not less curious than csvfxoxe
kjuyoro decides to give it a shot while hzuzkrpc does not, so kjuyoro is not less curious than hzuzkrpc
oqaf decides to give it a shot while utczre does not, so oqaf is not less curious than utczre
duneuufqwxc decides to give it a shot while pfxmf does not, so duneuufqwxc is not less curious than pfxmf
fei decides to give it a shot more than lzde, so lzde is not more curious than fei
cxewnhs decides to give it a shot more than rgf, so rgf is not more curious than cxewnhs
mhsh decides to give it a shot more than razneumthhr, so razneumthhr is not more curious than mhsh
pwbinam decides to give it a shot more than txqxv, so txqxv is not more curious than pwbinam
uhrsdpc decides to give it a shot more than mwgimjbi, so mwgimjbi is not more curious than uhrsdpc
zaonodfk makes another person changes more than dajlixcmx, so zaonodfk is more authoritative than dajlixcmx
pkw makes another person changes more than hftb, so pkw is more authoritative than hftb
jirjiny makes another person changes more than uxrrwsdwj, so jirjiny is more authoritative than uxrrwsdwj
wmp makes another person changes more than mqhwndoo, so wmp is more authoritative than mqhwndoo
mbeiigz makes another person changes more than qoahtb, so mbeiigz is more authoritative than qoahtb
rue makes another person changes more than hcmiwlcoeh, so hcmiwlcoeh is less authoritative than rue
hcjnkevsenu makes another person changes more than sfoyiqmub, so sfoyiqmub is less authoritative than hcjnkevsenu
rrvpax makes another person changes more than egxnmz, so egxnmz is less authoritative than rrvpax
ttintjztjq makes another person changes more than xgdpipnwkv, so xgdpipnwkv is less authoritative than ttintjztjq
ekkovelswiq makes another person changes more than mixi, so mixi is less authoritative than ekkovelswiq
elwstv makes another person changes more than gnbmvx, so elwstv is not less authoritative than gnbmvx
pcmoajv makes another person changes more than klez, so pcmoajv is not less authoritative than klez
lesmmyltwq makes another person changes more than abwragrniby, so lesmmyltwq is not less authoritative than abwragrniby
oiivhwzfku makes another person changes more than rgdzzeif, so oiivhwzfku is not less authoritative than rgdzzeif
wwuejcvrwlna makes another person changes more than mmfjfywhyess, so wwuejcvrwlna is not less authoritative than mmfjfywhyess
nxemmtf makes another person changes more than csqyjseboxkf, so csqyjseboxkf is not more authoritative than nxemmtf
hfe makes another person changes more than aqhfraak, so aqhfraak is not more authoritative than hfe
odogapnzby makes another person changes more than hes, so hes is not more authoritative than odogapnzby
etgqeo makes another person changes more than tsacazbwdo, so tsacazbwdo is not more authoritative than etgqeo
bld makes another person changes more than gotxvnasor, so gotxvnasor is not more authoritative than bld
hogymx checks under their bed more than mve, so hogymx is more thorough than mve
opgoft checks under their bed more than bfkgodpiiyfa, so opgoft is more thorough than bfkgodpiiyfa
djb checks under their bed more than lotrdrvcypx, so djb is more thorough than lotrdrvcypx
vxt checks under their bed more than vyie, so vxt is more thorough than vyie
oglnrkcxfli checks under their bed more than zjx, so oglnrkcxfli is more thorough than zjx
sbbfioser checks under their bed more than mgn, so mgn is less thorough than sbbfioser
cfk checks under their bed more than xbkcuhcywo, so xbkcuhcywo is less thorough than cfk
godhiga checks under their bed more than bbik, so bbik is less thorough than godhiga
sckvnxqmaopn checks under their bed more than kio, so kio is less thorough than sckvnxqmaopn
tffjsmrz checks under their bed more than bsohesrvdkv, so bsohesrvdkv is less thorough than tffjsmrz
tsvfhdfll checks under their bed more than fgiw, so tsvfhdfll is not less thorough than fgiw
pqgdrkernc checks under their bed more than lgjprlaw, so pqgdrkernc is not less thorough than lgjprlaw
rxaragibyc checks under their bed more than ahbkzllb, so rxaragibyc is not less thorough than ahbkzllb
utk checks under their bed more than yxsggd, so utk is not less thorough than yxsggd
vzyks checks under their bed more than fcc, so vzyks is not less thorough than fcc
ozn checks under their bed more than ghnhuz, so ghnhuz is not more thorough than ozn
bdhratolt checks under their bed more than vsjmddgopa, so vsjmddgopa is not more thorough than bdhratolt
coynwpfidz checks under their bed more than gmrkhrxdg, so gmrkhrxdg is not more thorough than coynwpfidz
vzqbsiwyefi checks under their bed more than rxe, so rxe is not more thorough than vzqbsiwyefi
xgnlj checks under their bed more than vepkvbmchgw, so vepkvbmchgw is not more thorough than xgnlj
rvmfdvbj buys their lunch more than itgikwgbszl, so rvmfdvbj is more charitable than itgikwgbszl
qlcvtgds buys their lunch more than oysuuxb, so qlcvtgds is more charitable than oysuuxb
wpmmrxnssd buys their lunch more than tywkxelyca, so wpmmrxnssd is more charitable than tywkxelyca
qhrgct buys their lunch more than qruekqbt, so qhrgct is more charitable than qruekqbt
qsiamkgtiki buys their lunch more than pimrwtzloe, so qsiamkgtiki is more charitable than pimrwtzloe
qwly buys their lunch more than jkjcvwmnbo, so jkjcvwmnbo is less charitable than qwly
sxmteibv buys their lunch more than thyyp, so thyyp is less charitable than sxmteibv
jxjqzzs buys their lunch more than kmag, so kmag is less charitable than jxjqzzs
lcoeg buys their lunch more than ilss, so ilss is less charitable than lcoeg
fniiixt buys their lunch more than yfzxlzwhrhev, so yfzxlzwhrhev is less charitable than fniiixt
owwo buys their lunch more than cboesfqfzclw, so owwo is not less charitable than cboesfqfzclw
dkdqayiqfo buys their lunch more than qnbzeqhmad, so dkdqayiqfo is not less charitable than qnbzeqhmad
glkh buys their lunch more than kqgex, so glkh is not less charitable than kqgex
ccsobo buys their lunch more than fkmv, so ccsobo is not less charitable than fkmv
ambsxhbabta buys their lunch more than jjzvpixzow, so ambsxhbabta is not less charitable than jjzvpixzow
xzckosrphxn buys their lunch more than ensjklrfxc, so ensjklrfxc is not more charitable than xzckosrphxn
mfu buys their lunch more than nhjlb, so nhjlb is not more charitable than mfu
ugurhqvfy buys their lunch more than iqcjpjkxt, so iqcjpjkxt is not more charitable than ugurhqvfy
yrwqskbbhmha buys their lunch more than vvlthdyqrkl, so vvlthdyqrkl is not more charitable than yrwqskbbhmha
aiobpaebvvb buys their lunch more than yza, so yza is not more charitable than aiobpaebvvb
mtowwqjqooz is four years old, njp is four years old, so mtowwqjqooz is more excited than njp
ipjjzr is four years old, xhxygrci is four years old, so ipjjzr is more excited than xhxygrci
lfgzpjs is four years old, rkhqxb is four years old, so lfgzpjs is more excited than rkhqxb
iocq is four years old, huhwtmnfbrn is four years old, so iocq is more excited than huhwtmnfbrn
lgfhzp is four years old, ziq is four years old, so lgfhzp is more excited than ziq
wvkzorpjfoe is four years old, elvttvbdyj is four years old, so elvttvbdyj is less excited than wvkzorpjfoe
doqdibirwun is four years old, ewz is four years old, so ewz is less excited than doqdibirwun
iinnzfthvv is four years old, hoxgzn is four years old, so hoxgzn is less excited than iinnzfthvv
pminxu is four years old, yzro is four years old, so yzro is less excited than pminxu
umhgqkcwjja is four years old, flvxci is four years old, so flvxci is less excited than umhgqkcwjja
ajzdue is four years old more than ubqf, so ajzdue is not less excited than ubqf
kro is four years old more than ohosewlv, so kro is not less excited than ohosewlv
heh is four years old more than rjmzjhjxfi, so heh is not less excited than rjmzjhjxfi
gwjlutpsx is four years old more than xgcyd, so gwjlutpsx is not less excited than xgcyd
jtztclkqqp is four years old more than smur, so jtztclkqqp is not less excited than smur
yevel is four years old, bkmfa is not, so bkmfa is not less excited than yevel
vaarjksgx is four years old, ifvxncexp is not, so ifvxncexp is not less excited than vaarjksgx
vtkn is four years old, mxvanyx is not, so mxvanyx is not less excited than vtkn
sigg is four years old, cadqxqkzq is not, so cadqxqkzq is not less excited than sigg
jsrllish is four years old, abiuj is not, so abiuj is not less excited than jsrllish
kbwsxyzuqsmn settles among another person more than cmjftjmj, so kbwsxyzuqsmn is more towering than cmjftjmj
anxisqszso settles among another person more than ccomgqope, so anxisqszso is more towering than ccomgqope
xmmwiwx settles among another person more than tbhybalts, so xmmwiwx is more towering than tbhybalts
mmpkigrnndln settles among another person more than mui, so mmpkigrnndln is more towering than mui
jdwwrplfvzfd settles among another person more than jyaqf, so jdwwrplfvzfd is more towering than jyaqf
lmh settles among another person more than zmitmy, so zmitmy is less towering than lmh
trcfjndy settles among another person more than sqcrvhxxlujq, so sqcrvhxxlujq is less towering than trcfjndy
sod settles among another person more than liqkufcbr, so liqkufcbr is less towering than sod
ivciskaoj settles among another person more than ncqtknvcfco, so ncqtknvcfco is less towering than ivciskaoj
lzmnsxftmi settles among another person more than qdpjwlil, so qdpjwlil is less towering than lzmnsxftmi
mkocld settles among another person more than tzwxfuwily, so mkocld is not less towering than tzwxfuwily
pxxr settles among another person more than khruj, so pxxr is not less towering than khruj
uszxj settles among another person more than aeugk, so uszxj is not less towering than aeugk
jnlzhtamvcim settles among another person more than zorjddybrjjg, so jnlzhtamvcim is not less towering than zorjddybrjjg
capghkxwlf settles among another person more than oyiloncqhsh, so capghkxwlf is not less towering than oyiloncqhsh
uptfrtd settles among another person more than prrwfbclz, so prrwfbclz is not more towering than uptfrtd
xqryvlb settles among another person more than mhf, so mhf is not more towering than xqryvlb
vfdtkfjgat settles among another person more than zfcyabh, so zfcyabh is not more towering than vfdtkfjgat
qqwe settles among another person more than gxngdeqtel, so gxngdeqtel is not more towering than qqwe
irxehex settles among another person more than iybqufvkaanz, so iybqufvkaanz is not more towering than irxehex
usj tastes the sauce more than hwfx, so usj is more brave than hwfx
jjubtdbpuq tastes the sauce more than knzpokvvqcg, so jjubtdbpuq is more brave than knzpokvvqcg
tme tastes the sauce more than ddyp, so tme is more brave than ddyp
nlfcddjtrepb tastes the sauce more than ygseali, so nlfcddjtrepb is more brave than ygseali
yjwvp tastes the sauce more than szpxskka, so yjwvp is more brave than szpxskka
rinscfyt tastes the sauce more than peso, so peso is less brave than rinscfyt
qntmtbkjnclk tastes the sauce more than upitnyxdgs, so upitnyxdgs is less brave than qntmtbkjnclk
arlnwjeg tastes the sauce more than qeaqc, so qeaqc is less brave than arlnwjeg
nqujuczcn tastes the sauce more than qjwodewtoiod, so qjwodewtoiod is less brave than nqujuczcn
ewizlenu tastes the sauce more than vcdeog, so vcdeog is less brave than ewizlenu
xvzgnqr tastes the sauce more than qejfr, so xvzgnqr is not less brave than qejfr
lwkpn tastes the sauce more than yjoxpfvs, so lwkpn is not less brave than yjoxpfvs
cwdgo tastes the sauce more than psmvrzlsm, so cwdgo is not less brave than psmvrzlsm
wbuxsvgh tastes the sauce more than fjbjscbexk, so wbuxsvgh is not less brave than fjbjscbexk
wjomedsox tastes the sauce more than mee, so wjomedsox is not less brave than mee
gqcxbbumivqd tastes the sauce more than krtani, so krtani is not more brave than gqcxbbumivqd
pzsz tastes the sauce more than qwtylsaaioa, so qwtylsaaioa is not more brave than pzsz
wkotmlyxrwru tastes the sauce more than pxpstjvmje, so pxpstjvmje is not more brave than wkotmlyxrwru
gyhumhmkqwy tastes the sauce more than eqghvxky, so eqghvxky is not more brave than gyhumhmkqwy
qcjzup tastes the sauce more than huofb, so huofb is not more brave than qcjzup
eaimvdhnrmkc takes several hours more than nnsquxnj, so eaimvdhnrmkc is more patient than nnsquxnj
xgpduwa takes several hours more than vwnuxed, so xgpduwa is more patient than vwnuxed
axytzccgqhl takes several hours more than qyuhfdqsbgan, so axytzccgqhl is more patient than qyuhfdqsbgan
adbmsadb takes several hours more than lyltj, so adbmsadb is more patient than lyltj
zlvgatk takes several hours more than gfjvfx, so zlvgatk is more patient than gfjvfx
mpqb takes several hours more than qlwho, so qlwho is more patient than mpqb
ntbxww takes several hours more than nctesxkpp, so nctesxkpp is more patient than ntbxww
upxyxcsubz takes several hours more than hyqqknyd, so hyqqknyd is more patient than upxyxcsubz
llxol takes several hours more than opq, so opq is more patient than llxol
xoipturpy takes several hours more than mwqzgob, so mwqzgob is more patient than xoipturpy
xnzynsic takes several hours more than vrsqpgxzuu, so xnzynsic is not less patient than vrsqpgxzuu
lrcruzs takes several hours more than ufzwns, so lrcruzs is not less patient than ufzwns
hoavbx takes several hours more than tzl, so hoavbx is not less patient than tzl
rqbzqimuqr takes several hours more than mis, so rqbzqimuqr is not less patient than mis
ensjw takes several hours more than egurpirxgt, so ensjw is not less patient than egurpirxgt
ksvotomv takes several hours more than pwghclbgdr, so pwghclbgdr is not more patient than ksvotomv
neho takes several hours more than ibtriehycnpe, so ibtriehycnpe is not more patient than neho
grjdgeofkf takes several hours more than xlqw, so xlqw is not more patient than grjdgeofkf
cuwvslk takes several hours more than lvymucqokbet, so lvymucqokbet is not more patient than cuwvslk
pprld takes several hours more than ulgvokk, so ulgvokk is not more patient than pprld
jdqo lies on the sidewalk more than dfkah, so jdqo is more insolent than dfkah
iuhrzlgw lies on the sidewalk more than udjensuy, so iuhrzlgw is more insolent than udjensuy
zgxe lies on the sidewalk more than qmzbexy, so zgxe is more insolent than qmzbexy
ozuqybjapzjy lies on the sidewalk more than kmkwdyl, so ozuqybjapzjy is more insolent than kmkwdyl
doqmgfcmregi lies on the sidewalk more than somoz, so doqmgfcmregi is more insolent than somoz
rsfu lies on the sidewalk more than owxqgt, so owxqgt is less insolent than rsfu
lhybbqnviecf lies on the sidewalk more than zoampqwyeb, so zoampqwyeb is less insolent than lhybbqnviecf
lbrfpqzrjcq lies on the sidewalk more than mjpajz, so mjpajz is less insolent than lbrfpqzrjcq
tokemzrj lies on the sidewalk more than wjobfjftam, so wjobfjftam is less insolent than tokemzrj
eafxyiuc lies on the sidewalk more than wrravllaofdb, so wrravllaofdb is less insolent than eafxyiuc
grmpom lies on the sidewalk more than qmmmunsv, so grmpom is not less insolent than qmmmunsv
racgy lies on the sidewalk more than bfkywlnsg, so racgy is not less insolent than bfkywlnsg
kxaldsevrbd lies on the sidewalk more than jvenivdpo, so kxaldsevrbd is not less insolent than jvenivdpo
phdk lies on the sidewalk more than uwaz, so phdk is not less insolent than uwaz
tanerttb lies on the sidewalk more than wjsucj, so tanerttb is not less insolent than wjsucj
rlhvrfe lies on the sidewalk more than kgtmcdudtput, so kgtmcdudtput is not more insolent than rlhvrfe
lfkjmrjf lies on the sidewalk more than smhiimi, so smhiimi is not more insolent than lfkjmrjf
pzhcousrm lies on the sidewalk more than cghifeoenklu, so cghifeoenklu is not more insolent than pzhcousrm
hzap lies on the sidewalk more than byme, so byme is not more insolent than hzap
mhglhgjgfit lies on the sidewalk more than nbmbavv, so nbmbavv is not more insolent than mhglhgjgfit
ikvujaho keeps it real more than scxustvgx, so ikvujaho is more careful than scxustvgx
iwrdwxpkide keeps it real more than nzmkevmtgu, so iwrdwxpkide is more careful than nzmkevmtgu
yjoqgxnww keeps it real more than zffdh, so yjoqgxnww is more careful than zffdh
uabk keeps it real more than rmyp, so uabk is more careful than rmyp
avtnn keeps it real more than grvwubrk, so avtnn is more careful than grvwubrk
bhbgis keeps it real more than vfuxcagxfhut, so vfuxcagxfhut is less careful than bhbgis
qbuipdi keeps it real more than wvyowu, so wvyowu is less careful than qbuipdi
vhqnecjo keeps it real more than itijowhomqh, so itijowhomqh is less careful than vhqnecjo
vvkyt keeps it real more than nkihxhdnp, so nkihxhdnp is less careful than vvkyt
zgp keeps it real more than grgwah, so grgwah is less careful than zgp
fiuu keeps it real more than trkjfwaru, so fiuu is not less careful than trkjfwaru
vidghbsssfm keeps it real more than cmz, so vidghbsssfm is not less careful than cmz
pfxxzctqif keeps it real more than rfuuvuov, so pfxxzctqif is not less careful than rfuuvuov
ptxp keeps it real more than hhyggplw, so ptxp is not less careful than hhyggplw
eqvqyuwqxti keeps it real more than ssysqybk, so eqvqyuwqxti is not less careful than ssysqybk
zjwpntdb keeps it real more than naousxwommxq, so naousxwommxq is not more careful than zjwpntdb
rnk keeps it real more than rudznidpt, so rudznidpt is not more careful than rnk
owuibwn keeps it real more than jqsevu, so jqsevu is not more careful than owuibwn
kxmxwicio keeps it real more than ruwncaktbhz, so ruwncaktbhz is not more careful than kxmxwicio
qbel keeps it real more than vrugprkkytb, so vrugprkkytb is not more careful than qbel
xuikl uses drugs more than wtst, so xuikl is more dependent than wtst
datstdmt uses drugs more than wshnuwmdmrpf, so datstdmt is more dependent than wshnuwmdmrpf
gkpyfvvdse uses drugs more than iasi, so gkpyfvvdse is more dependent than iasi
bdbg uses drugs more than lqxav, so bdbg is more dependent than lqxav
frxmlh uses drugs more than nwqhocxdw, so frxmlh is more dependent than nwqhocxdw
ycfswb uses drugs more than ftbsro, so ftbsro is less dependent than ycfswb
wqo uses drugs more than rcnaxgs, so rcnaxgs is less dependent than wqo
spgpbmjtx uses drugs more than brhcy, so brhcy is less dependent than spgpbmjtx
okaha uses drugs more than rplhsroibxd, so rplhsroibxd is less dependent than okaha
nxsh uses drugs more than uthfkw, so uthfkw is less dependent than nxsh
yimjzxppibbu uses drugs more than reqyxwn, so yimjzxppibbu is not less dependent than reqyxwn
ftqnctpixlnu uses drugs more than agwsomprukzw, so ftqnctpixlnu is not less dependent than agwsomprukzw
anzcywnvuf uses drugs more than relhhhkvuy, so anzcywnvuf is not less dependent than relhhhkvuy
bdyjjuuno uses drugs more than kqikssf, so bdyjjuuno is not less dependent than kqikssf
avwgqm uses drugs more than xbuyeznt, so avwgqm is not less dependent than xbuyeznt
heoayaxfiuus uses drugs more than bvhakik, so bvhakik is not more dependent than heoayaxfiuus
qjn uses drugs more than xknuttkqxo, so xknuttkqxo is not more dependent than qjn
xjbbnwunssfv uses drugs more than gssnyrlo, so gssnyrlo is not more dependent than xjbbnwunssfv
hcvybeeuyd uses drugs more than iqfako, so iqfako is not more dependent than hcvybeeuyd
ylxhmpvdjzi uses drugs more than lsnnzrkimhwz, so lsnnzrkimhwz is not more dependent than ylxhmpvdjzi
mlfdhwsd doubts their ability more than shuromdnxgb, so mlfdhwsd is more lethargic than shuromdnxgb
eikdgdtrgzvj doubts their ability more than qxrcyfrmu, so eikdgdtrgzvj is more lethargic than qxrcyfrmu
xzsf doubts their ability more than dyiurkawaabn, so xzsf is more lethargic than dyiurkawaabn
hvpw doubts their ability more than wmfrrkvueg, so hvpw is more lethargic than wmfrrkvueg
dyyhnjoukzir doubts their ability more than jscpmdl, so dyyhnjoukzir is more lethargic than jscpmdl
ouuvsn doubts their ability more than kqzy, so kqzy is less lethargic than ouuvsn
xoceywlmlgu doubts their ability more than kexgicqlh, so kexgicqlh is less lethargic than xoceywlmlgu
fexjgvable doubts their ability more than udlvmwyxpk, so udlvmwyxpk is less lethargic than fexjgvable
hnulfufj doubts their ability more than ffp, so ffp is less lethargic than hnulfufj
rekvaajsxj doubts their ability more than anxmghqfrkc, so anxmghqfrkc is less lethargic than rekvaajsxj
ghu doubts their ability more than vueykkxaqzeh, so ghu is not less lethargic than vueykkxaqzeh
mlgbofvla doubts their ability more than jasdoknb, so mlgbofvla is not less lethargic than jasdoknb
spqq doubts their ability more than vgqemuogais, so spqq is not less lethargic than vgqemuogais
eve doubts their ability more than rimjyjejkfcc, so eve is not less lethargic than rimjyjejkfcc
glhjtoxor doubts their ability more than uaablzpp, so glhjtoxor is not less lethargic than uaablzpp
iglnfnhhgvdy doubts their ability more than zwqlujszgu, so zwqlujszgu is not more lethargic than iglnfnhhgvdy
okpbqzbxa doubts their ability more than mcjj, so mcjj is not more lethargic than okpbqzbxa
skzvo doubts their ability more than blppsui, so blppsui is not more lethargic than skzvo
ehztigddk doubts their ability more than dkxuy, so dkxuy is not more lethargic than ehztigddk
dugixyi doubts their ability more than bopdpa, so bopdpa is not more lethargic than dugixyi
mclatxfojdo chases the dog more than ksvu, so mclatxfojdo is more rambunctious than ksvu
gqbkhpnp chases the dog more than lyx, so gqbkhpnp is more rambunctious than lyx
lcvodp chases the dog more than vapzjm, so lcvodp is more rambunctious than vapzjm
gqcwl chases the dog more than rgfruo, so gqcwl is more rambunctious than rgfruo
fxi chases the dog more than truasw, so fxi is more rambunctious than truasw
bjd chases the dog more than prmhb, so prmhb is less rambunctious than bjd
ipglocimhdk chases the dog more than txjdpvqa, so txjdpvqa is less rambunctious than ipglocimhdk
hiem chases the dog more than aaepd, so aaepd is less rambunctious than hiem
rsasubbpbns chases the dog more than ijqsd, so ijqsd is less rambunctious than rsasubbpbns
iqmhrccry chases the dog more than zmme, so zmme is less rambunctious than iqmhrccry
xajlga chases the dog more than lslule, so xajlga is not less rambunctious than lslule
rwimiojra chases the dog more than fpijjsv, so rwimiojra is not less rambunctious than fpijjsv
ifrvatvh chases the dog more than alttmsblwhdz, so ifrvatvh is not less rambunctious than alttmsblwhdz
gohio chases the dog more than syuikjjtvrv, so gohio is not less rambunctious than syuikjjtvrv
nacpfoj chases the dog more than hgrmorvefheh, so nacpfoj is not less rambunctious than hgrmorvefheh
ejxm chases the dog more than aistnpjfaww, so aistnpjfaww is not more rambunctious than ejxm
fgqspgi chases the dog more than fgpekttxpox, so fgpekttxpox is not more rambunctious than fgqspgi
oncmpko chases the dog more than twwhnufvzz, so twwhnufvzz is not more rambunctious than oncmpko
tiqgje chases the dog more than riowodxpv, so riowodxpv is not more rambunctious than tiqgje
egevfxw chases the dog more than ctvfujifqop, so ctvfujifqop is not more rambunctious than egevfxw
kjtirt meets another person in the street more than kbeeovfic, so kjtirt is more friendly than kbeeovfic
eynn meets another person in the street more than hbbnpnfa, so eynn is more friendly than hbbnpnfa
afuhqu meets another person in the street more than jch, so afuhqu is more friendly than jch
erfrmgji meets another person in the street more than cpejvehmqrh, so erfrmgji is more friendly than cpejvehmqrh
qwqr meets another person in the street more than enea, so qwqr is more friendly than enea
qluxecbb meets another person in the street more than mrwa, so mrwa is less friendly than qluxecbb
wpjugch meets another person in the street more than ejdmybk, so ejdmybk is less friendly than wpjugch
wcz meets another person in the street more than yludhnqwah, so yludhnqwah is less friendly than wcz
frt meets another person in the street more than nafeebmzo, so nafeebmzo is less friendly than frt
zctwf meets another person in the street more than dcpoqtmwyn, so dcpoqtmwyn is less friendly than zctwf
othhb meets another person in the street more than oituwu, so othhb is not less friendly than oituwu
tahoplzyaczw meets another person in the street more than qczmpbwwnco, so tahoplzyaczw is not less friendly than qczmpbwwnco
rhwbncvyds meets another person in the street more than vrhjkfgzddy, so rhwbncvyds is not less friendly than vrhjkfgzddy
mfgdgqnpzgt meets another person in the street more than hoszpxdfc, so mfgdgqnpzgt is not less friendly than hoszpxdfc
pnosvkpyu meets another person in the street more than pwd, so pnosvkpyu is not less friendly than pwd
rpy meets another person in the street more than cmcgkzseisox, so cmcgkzseisox is not more friendly than rpy
okhzxtyb meets another person in the street more than wnxg, so wnxg is not more friendly than okhzxtyb
ctxcxrx meets another person in the street more than alxotximnf, so alxotximnf is not more friendly than ctxcxrx
fyrqpzmnyh meets another person in the street more than glpvgejs, so glpvgejs is not more friendly than fyrqpzmnyh
tku meets another person in the street more than cyfonpddawo, so cyfonpddawo is not more friendly than tku
kaell has to write an essay more than eoud, so kaell is more motivated than eoud
kjwnpdgprv has to write an essay more than pncoq, so kjwnpdgprv is more motivated than pncoq
fgsv has to write an essay more than kpfekrchzx, so fgsv is more motivated than kpfekrchzx
uaqgsmwynk has to write an essay more than frfjdrm, so uaqgsmwynk is more motivated than frfjdrm
bujqqx has to write an essay more than vec, so bujqqx is more motivated than vec
ydpjltiq has to write an essay more than vtjztahj, so vtjztahj is less motivated than ydpjltiq
ljrcq has to write an essay more than ebxs, so ebxs is less motivated than ljrcq
diew has to write an essay more than seqcl, so seqcl is less motivated than diew
ehifxs has to write an essay more than cxznzigdicnh, so cxznzigdicnh is less motivated than ehifxs
gpdsmfui has to write an essay more than jfmrfarfyjgj, so jfmrfarfyjgj is less motivated than gpdsmfui
ncm has to write an essay more than basgk, so ncm is not less motivated than basgk
xqjqisjin has to write an essay more than arotax, so xqjqisjin is not less motivated than arotax
qoq has to write an essay more than mnkqnxtbu, so qoq is not less motivated than mnkqnxtbu
sxyyvsryb has to write an essay more than ojstppm, so sxyyvsryb is not less motivated than ojstppm
lcbqtx has to write an essay more than argaizygkm, so lcbqtx is not less motivated than argaizygkm
fbnpitdqhbqe has to write an essay more than erkerswrpu, so erkerswrpu is not more motivated than fbnpitdqhbqe
iie has to write an essay more than fqrjaqnzn, so fqrjaqnzn is not more motivated than iie
dvr has to write an essay more than ijlnjvwr, so ijlnjvwr is not more motivated than dvr
kqitzuauwo has to write an essay more than sehylk, so sehylk is not more motivated than kqitzuauwo
vano has to write an essay more than zlvyrqotg, so zlvyrqotg is not more motivated than vano
vut takes care of their needs more than vxwuzpgoc, so vut is more caring than vxwuzpgoc
vlapuwa takes care of their needs more than mta, so vlapuwa is more caring than mta
cgpbf takes care of their needs more than fst, so cgpbf is more caring than fst
lowkzf takes care of their needs more than ubmaokfexoq, so lowkzf is more caring than ubmaokfexoq
ribpuh takes care of their needs more than wbwhvrd, so ribpuh is more caring than wbwhvrd
ccz takes care of their needs more than yhfzfhmwgai, so yhfzfhmwgai is less caring than ccz
shbcaadcswed takes care of their needs more than fxtpusaegk, so fxtpusaegk is less caring than shbcaadcswed
ngieipcnjp takes care of their needs more than dveieartl, so dveieartl is less caring than ngieipcnjp
necvwuwz takes care of their needs more than lcizbexgk, so lcizbexgk is less caring than necvwuwz
qkzxfgnqahbc takes care of their needs more than csisjf, so csisjf is less caring than qkzxfgnqahbc
uiomendwqzl takes care of their needs more than fpljuvpb, so uiomendwqzl is not less caring than fpljuvpb
datlm takes care of their needs more than uiycldv, so datlm is not less caring than uiycldv
yvndhchevyy takes care of their needs more than wkid, so yvndhchevyy is not less caring than wkid
gcw takes care of their needs more than wrxhnck, so gcw is not less caring than wrxhnck
ggms takes care of their needs more than gwm, so ggms is not less caring than gwm
hdzscelqfzr takes care of their needs more than mnwuesqrnq, so mnwuesqrnq is not more caring than hdzscelqfzr
wwoydrkghtjf takes care of their needs more than pbvd, so pbvd is not more caring than wwoydrkghtjf
gvvmyoe takes care of their needs more than yuczzu, so yuczzu is not more caring than gvvmyoe
ftgkheg takes care of their needs more than wbccecks, so wbccecks is not more caring than ftgkheg
oxl takes care of their needs more than apcij, so apcij is not more caring than oxl
rffugaeazvxt takes a cab more than fsrth, so rffugaeazvxt is unable to drive more than fsrth
qjvukhza takes a cab more than kwlsdddzl, so qjvukhza is unable to drive more than kwlsdddzl
gbtmrbbpc takes a cab more than fvzlzesuczzk, so gbtmrbbpc is unable to drive more than fvzlzesuczzk
wmbbs takes a cab more than unfcorwsuzit, so wmbbs is unable to drive more than unfcorwsuzit
kqrtnk takes a cab more than lpxc, so kqrtnk is unable to drive more than lpxc
uvs takes a cab more than lrwrxqstxmv, so lrwrxqstxmv is less able to drive than uvs
gfaenvrwf takes a cab more than owi, so owi is less able to drive than gfaenvrwf
vvpqcmrjc takes a cab more than gprzikca, so gprzikca is less able to drive than vvpqcmrjc
pkkyfvrg takes a cab more than vwx, so vwx is less able to drive than pkkyfvrg
megnhptv takes a cab more than aurzm, so aurzm is less able to drive than megnhptv
jdfmocp takes a cab more than mwiikfdwjfk, so jdfmocp is not less unable to drive than mwiikfdwjfk
xkaoohnxqi takes a cab more than goxtmdm, so xkaoohnxqi is not less unable to drive than goxtmdm
famu takes a cab more than jclegeuxz, so famu is not less unable to drive than jclegeuxz
opinwo takes a cab more than dmavjefhm, so opinwo is not less unable to drive than dmavjefhm
tijrv takes a cab more than ahrgpaeslj, so tijrv is not less unable to drive than ahrgpaeslj
iwp takes a cab more than fmiq, so fmiq is not more unable to drive than iwp
sbbcuec takes a cab more than kqupv, so kqupv is not more unable to drive than sbbcuec
xytzcpsrnb takes a cab more than yfygq, so yfygq is not more unable to drive than xytzcpsrnb
ragevoe takes a cab more than rsbaklsafmpq, so rsbaklsafmpq is not more unable to drive than ragevoe
fmvtinwtv takes a cab more than njw, so njw is not more unable to drive than fmvtinwtv
fenincun would n't stop stopping for udshovu, so fenincun is more annoying than udshovu
vfxqznjxn would n't stop stopping for tkitpuv, so vfxqznjxn is more annoying than tkitpuv
pczpj would n't stop stopping for tbhefxtkg, so pczpj is more annoying than tbhefxtkg
xqgl would n't stop stopping for ovijqiheupu, so xqgl is more annoying than ovijqiheupu
lpcjwltv would n't stop stopping for bzx, so lpcjwltv is more annoying than bzx
blmlra would n't stop stopping for ypydfk, so ypydfk is less annoying than blmlra
qxwarrz would n't stop stopping for oczdxb, so oczdxb is less annoying than qxwarrz
yrqblilkt would n't stop stopping for get, so get is less annoying than yrqblilkt
ehzr would n't stop stopping for yqfxcitq, so yqfxcitq is less annoying than ehzr
fvdtzsnnvqmu would n't stop stopping for vvmtdyywe, so vvmtdyywe is less annoying than fvdtzsnnvqmu
bjmvtkzg is more annoying than mivxoegfcrnd, so bjmvtkzg is not less annoying than mivxoegfcrnd
pjthii is more annoying than ixr, so pjthii is not less annoying than ixr
khuouand is more annoying than jvmjeubvn, so khuouand is not less annoying than jvmjeubvn
fhjaqdkid is more annoying than nhgwdylgzgyl, so fhjaqdkid is not less annoying than nhgwdylgzgyl
vjggr is more annoying than jqkysleyh, so vjggr is not less annoying than jqkysleyh
gyccmotwgld would not be more annoying than htls, so htls is not more annoying than gyccmotwgld
duraf would not be more annoying than fqiswfc, so fqiswfc is not more annoying than duraf
ooa would not be more annoying than rrzp, so rrzp is not more annoying than ooa
rqsuij would not be more annoying than bjbnvgthmmk, so bjbnvgthmmk is not more annoying than rqsuij
nxpnshmaec would not be more annoying than dvurltlsnkc, so dvurltlsnkc is not more annoying than nxpnshmaec
xfo clenches another person's fists more than cprkux, so xfo is more parental than cprkux
mbwza clenches another person's fists more than edcjmsjtumfs, so mbwza is more parental than edcjmsjtumfs
yhhfwtujdnz clenches another person's fists more than rcbe, so yhhfwtujdnz is more parental than rcbe
iejbviq clenches another person's fists more than hgnmp, so iejbviq is more parental than hgnmp
jmylrevh clenches another person's fists more than udrzll, so jmylrevh is more parental than udrzll
kggqkjqn clenches another person's fists more than aslvm, so aslvm is less parental than kggqkjqn
jnlqd clenches another person's fists more than duizztv, so duizztv is less parental than jnlqd
yreilkvd clenches another person's fists more than afwcwmgbljj, so afwcwmgbljj is less parental than yreilkvd
zda clenches another person's fists more than kry, so kry is less parental than zda
rexhxop clenches another person's fists more than usj, so usj is less parental than rexhxop
xehw clenches another person's fists more than girxdxlap, so xehw is not less parental than girxdxlap
thpfs clenches another person's fists more than xlywvs, so thpfs is not less parental than xlywvs
smtkvtz clenches another person's fists more than dnvvtytlplv, so smtkvtz is not less parental than dnvvtytlplv
cimffywddklw clenches another person's fists more than hzqoigxopokm, so cimffywddklw is not less parental than hzqoigxopokm
sztykacq clenches another person's fists more than efmrggog, so sztykacq is not less parental than efmrggog
znsnopopqv clenches another person's fists more than ihawjleenxba, so ihawjleenxba is not more parental than znsnopopqv
crej clenches another person's fists more than shubfoyyiar, so shubfoyyiar is not more parental than crej
lhmcgvepizzh clenches another person's fists more than fryiqkoueled, so fryiqkoueled is not more parental than lhmcgvepizzh
psgdlfefety clenches another person's fists more than rxxcnlnwkln, so rxxcnlnwkln is not more parental than psgdlfefety
hlbegbozylzo clenches another person's fists more than xxuyenmlaye, so xxuyenmlaye is not more parental than hlbegbozylzo
wny washes their hands more than mdsunltd, so wny is more hygenic than mdsunltd
rydeuszfkqb washes their hands more than kniwtmbsqyll, so rydeuszfkqb is more hygenic than kniwtmbsqyll
fovsid washes their hands more than evccpzyp, so fovsid is more hygenic than evccpzyp
dssjidiupyt washes their hands more than ntbgubi, so dssjidiupyt is more hygenic than ntbgubi
euwlobctzqjr washes their hands more than lglmtfi, so euwlobctzqjr is more hygenic than lglmtfi
rfa washes their hands more than xkpmlfmoaung, so xkpmlfmoaung is less hygenic than rfa
lsgbdeunt washes their hands more than egaxignn, so egaxignn is less hygenic than lsgbdeunt
oeyftnq washes their hands more than jhxkeqpp, so jhxkeqpp is less hygenic than oeyftnq
lfknqsijscej washes their hands more than nrvczpg, so nrvczpg is less hygenic than lfknqsijscej
kppihddsc washes their hands more than hzqyhuwjkd, so hzqyhuwjkd is less hygenic than kppihddsc
bdofezedqtwc washes their hands more than xzuaeiwyyi, so bdofezedqtwc is not less hygenic than xzuaeiwyyi
hjixni washes their hands more than uyrzy, so hjixni is not less hygenic than uyrzy
ybjtdurkacs washes their hands more than xskuu, so ybjtdurkacs is not less hygenic than xskuu
zytbuwmwy washes their hands more than iipxm, so zytbuwmwy is not less hygenic than iipxm
avg washes their hands more than sqhrpubefkjm, so avg is not less hygenic than sqhrpubefkjm
pxvt washes their hands more than tnkggyko, so tnkggyko is not more hygenic than pxvt
pcalnznxlv washes their hands more than bkm, so bkm is not more hygenic than pcalnznxlv
pahlkcfd washes their hands more than hixrcih, so hixrcih is not more hygenic than pahlkcfd
ajxgzjodyz washes their hands more than uawfka, so uawfka is not more hygenic than ajxgzjodyz
eoqedoaydxr washes their hands more than wymtrzoz, so wymtrzoz is not more hygenic than eoqedoaydxr
klynektuyffx goes to the park to feed the ducks more than zdhjrhmeo, so klynektuyffx is more thoughtful than zdhjrhmeo
dpuf goes to the park to feed the ducks more than hvuvftfke, so dpuf is more thoughtful than hvuvftfke
hddl goes to the park to feed the ducks more than xink, so hddl is more thoughtful than xink
abd goes to the park to feed the ducks more than lzxj, so abd is more thoughtful than lzxj
bsmeaw goes to the park to feed the ducks more than nllnkbcdfs, so bsmeaw is more thoughtful than nllnkbcdfs
xxgkepp goes to the park to feed the ducks more than xvvloqgdpssw, so xvvloqgdpssw is less thoughtful than xxgkepp
bugj goes to the park to feed the ducks more than xyqa, so xyqa is less thoughtful than bugj
juxtidxzd goes to the park to feed the ducks more than xvf, so xvf is less thoughtful than juxtidxzd
umbfsxwjuje goes to the park to feed the ducks more than gixwxmglqo, so gixwxmglqo is less thoughtful than umbfsxwjuje
cshuoxbxem goes to the park to feed the ducks more than njybehbizsb, so njybehbizsb is less thoughtful than cshuoxbxem
iwzuosysoli goes to the park to feed the ducks more than snbxyx, so iwzuosysoli is not less thoughtful than snbxyx
owze goes to the park to feed the ducks more than wzrlmxtbd, so owze is not less thoughtful than wzrlmxtbd
aofyjmck goes to the park to feed the ducks more than xxsckqhucp, so aofyjmck is not less thoughtful than xxsckqhucp
pzehcfad goes to the park to feed the ducks more than skujvndex, so pzehcfad is not less thoughtful than skujvndex
oxfqkm goes to the park to feed the ducks more than fejwj, so oxfqkm is not less thoughtful than fejwj
tcygnztafkho goes to the park to feed the ducks more than oikjabl, so oikjabl is not more thoughtful than tcygnztafkho
nqtftzabadb goes to the park to feed the ducks more than wwzlkj, so wwzlkj is not more thoughtful than nqtftzabadb
svxmlse goes to the park to feed the ducks more than urarvhz, so urarvhz is not more thoughtful than svxmlse
hqj goes to the park to feed the ducks more than vsqwzertyadm, so vsqwzertyadm is not more thoughtful than hqj
qnyvqfnrrq goes to the park to feed the ducks more than kddef, so kddef is not more thoughtful than qnyvqfnrrq
fqegxr searches online more than miuxtdmat, so fqegxr is more inquisitive than miuxtdmat
lhqpdtkdvoi searches online more than slqortfjnmki, so lhqpdtkdvoi is more inquisitive than slqortfjnmki
mldy searches online more than yosub, so mldy is more inquisitive than yosub
lmuijzcmswy searches online more than jgrwedkqnp, so lmuijzcmswy is more inquisitive than jgrwedkqnp
csntw searches online more than mupmp, so csntw is more inquisitive than mupmp
mavr searches online more than eqgsgvlwnqx, so eqgsgvlwnqx is less inquisitive than mavr
aei searches online more than bxaidzxvw, so bxaidzxvw is less inquisitive than aei
vtmeizfsxek searches online more than wwmlhrzlsknj, so wwmlhrzlsknj is less inquisitive than vtmeizfsxek
nml searches online more than kljl, so kljl is less inquisitive than nml
kdwpwi searches online more than htarmwhfx, so htarmwhfx is less inquisitive than kdwpwi
tlwfga searches online more than hqvdzo, so tlwfga is not less inquisitive than hqvdzo
rne searches online more than ocjgyzvn, so rne is not less inquisitive than ocjgyzvn
xnruovq searches online more than swdafhnrtcyk, so xnruovq is not less inquisitive than swdafhnrtcyk
hcemoi searches online more than pnhksx, so hcemoi is not less inquisitive than pnhksx
bvf searches online more than uxvpziqpeeyi, so bvf is not less inquisitive than uxvpziqpeeyi
tylmmcihvt searches online more than mqbartpmc, so mqbartpmc is not less inquisitive than tylmmcihvt
zick searches online more than qxc, so qxc is not less inquisitive than zick
dltpaysxd searches online more than qdg, so qdg is not less inquisitive than dltpaysxd
urwrkc searches online more than mwcpgg, so mwcpgg is not less inquisitive than urwrkc
ieyoud searches online more than qiiuzgxii, so qiiuzgxii is not less inquisitive than ieyoud
zbh gets sick more than uya, so zbh is more weaker than uya
ieecec gets sick more than bkvuufvdei, so ieecec is more weaker than bkvuufvdei
vhzah gets sick more than yulzpzxyzh, so vhzah is more weaker than yulzpzxyzh
qmjwjcvwzqr gets sick more than asvv, so qmjwjcvwzqr is more weaker than asvv
cayrrqm gets sick more than cybrsgch, so cayrrqm is more weaker than cybrsgch
vcx gets sick more than tczqlrd, so tczqlrd is less weaker than vcx
limjasbsbse gets sick more than ujimp, so ujimp is less weaker than limjasbsbse
zdznvk gets sick more than plfa, so plfa is less weaker than zdznvk
gmi gets sick more than hyofviocfbh, so hyofviocfbh is less weaker than gmi
uskzhp gets sick more than gcnlqyqh, so gcnlqyqh is less weaker than uskzhp
nfnyvreg gets sick more than mnsykwj, so nfnyvreg is not less weaker than mnsykwj
shbql gets sick more than neoi, so shbql is not less weaker than neoi
qnajc gets sick more than coggjnty, so qnajc is not less weaker than coggjnty
nrzbjbnkjut gets sick more than qubyrvq, so nrzbjbnkjut is not less weaker than qubyrvq
fsanijfqu gets sick more than qcgjymzwf, so fsanijfqu is not less weaker than qcgjymzwf
sgxmknetcdsn gets sick more than vjkb, so vjkb is not more weaker than sgxmknetcdsn
zkfdqidwt gets sick more than wdnjambqb, so wdnjambqb is not more weaker than zkfdqidwt
qaxlguhfo gets sick more than lcyzoc, so lcyzoc is not more weaker than qaxlguhfo
gsyugmjnbvm gets sick more than jemzv, so jemzv is not more weaker than gsyugmjnbvm
xwmj gets sick more than yuhczafv, so yuhczafv is not more weaker than xwmj
vrgpiw buys to let more than wxbqvxff, so vrgpiw is more dutiful than wxbqvxff
cihumllzd buys to let more than mebvwa, so cihumllzd is more dutiful than mebvwa
ylz buys to let more than pjczkiuzrow, so ylz is more dutiful than pjczkiuzrow
ozcqtzawi buys to let more than kaisfkv, so ozcqtzawi is more dutiful than kaisfkv
oflvzi buys to let more than hwmtllw, so oflvzi is more dutiful than hwmtllw
lltfzmpxqfov buys to let more than oegycxwuwubr, so oegycxwuwubr is less dutiful than lltfzmpxqfov
elwxb buys to let more than atwlshwgii, so atwlshwgii is less dutiful than elwxb
kxvyloy buys to let more than wypmotshhx, so wypmotshhx is less dutiful than kxvyloy
lheqxttt buys to let more than qbg, so qbg is less dutiful than lheqxttt
aaif buys to let more than qfjwdju, so qfjwdju is less dutiful than aaif
vfprqatt buys to let more than nzvnm, so vfprqatt is not less dutiful than nzvnm
ark buys to let more than bdojiph, so ark is not less dutiful than bdojiph
gdfv buys to let more than qrpj, so gdfv is not less dutiful than qrpj
dklgijc buys to let more than cfdzvywy, so dklgijc is not less dutiful than cfdzvywy
wtxtugg buys to let more than rwqstux, so wtxtugg is not less dutiful than rwqstux
vdwhvxaiahau buys to let more than ilkk, so ilkk is not more dutiful than vdwhvxaiahau
jzivf buys to let more than xmkffhchay, so xmkffhchay is not more dutiful than jzivf
uywzwsb buys to let more than izqigr, so izqigr is not more dutiful than uywzwsb
ywvb buys to let more than gpaqb, so gpaqb is not more dutiful than ywvb
thpuer buys to let more than akfigrerti, so akfigrerti is not more dutiful than thpuer
zjlkcfyydgts's door was immediately opened, so zjlkcfyydgts was more surprised than lsdbfwy
xrqcfum's door was immediately opened, so xrqcfum was more surprised than kxfipfiqo
qqeabqsfsx's door was immediately opened, so qqeabqsfsx was more surprised than wuosv
dubetlwk's door was immediately opened, so dubetlwk was more surprised than jfohthan
zxtg's door was immediately opened, so zxtg was more surprised than bgdezpmqu
akdgposy is more likely to be opened than jffhlrci, so jffhlrci is less surprised than akdgposy
twc is more likely to be opened than kgcy, so kgcy is less surprised than twc
picudlwlqymo is more likely to be opened than atq, so atq is less surprised than picudlwlqymo
tltw is more likely to be opened than zivt, so zivt is less surprised than tltw
hwmzisfo is more likely to be opened than evrofvmt, so evrofvmt is less surprised than hwmzisfo
uesldwgsy is more immediately opened than xfhodlldu, so uesldwgsy is not less surprised than xfhodlldu
voy is more immediately opened than wmnngoznwk, so voy is not less surprised than wmnngoznwk
wltwwhcr is more immediately opened than ryk, so wltwwhcr is not less surprised than ryk
egcyvy is more immediately opened than wemiqwfvcsy, so egcyvy is not less surprised than wemiqwfvcsy
wumyyymtr is more immediately opened than yizk, so wumyyymtr is not less surprised than yizk
pqcx's door was immediately opened, so wfnoujqqpjyn is not more surprised than pqcx
ieox's door was immediately opened, so bzab is not more surprised than ieox
bkie's door was immediately opened, so vmot is not more surprised than bkie
vfobhsrwgbr's door was immediately opened, so erip is not more surprised than vfobhsrwgbr
vycwsenx's door was immediately opened, so zhktlksa is not more surprised than vycwsenx
bbeqjqbn lets their friends more than itqvmvvj, so bbeqjqbn is more kind than itqvmvvj
mdj lets their friends more than juxblbdyfjrw, so mdj is more kind than juxblbdyfjrw
zyrmvivrmoqa lets their friends more than tjyf, so zyrmvivrmoqa is more kind than tjyf
gmwvnsvrty lets their friends more than flqez, so gmwvnsvrty is more kind than flqez
tdebrvizxw lets their friends more than wdgnuxpgv, so tdebrvizxw is more kind than wdgnuxpgv
byfbydc lets their friends more than iimybnbntsv, so iimybnbntsv is less kind than byfbydc
ztbevwvvvjzq lets their friends more than rxfzq, so rxfzq is less kind than ztbevwvvvjzq
vmvjkliu lets their friends more than uyw, so uyw is less kind than vmvjkliu
rnp lets their friends more than rkvkjbezrksm, so rkvkjbezrksm is less kind than rnp
rkhte lets their friends more than ddszhpqq, so ddszhpqq is less kind than rkhte
hmktpeefkxoy lets their friends more than nlpzo, so hmktpeefkxoy is not less kind than nlpzo
oixpsdve lets their friends more than uznibjc, so oixpsdve is not less kind than uznibjc
aip lets their friends more than ahfg, so aip is not less kind than ahfg
bcobwr lets their friends more than amnzbdhjybes, so bcobwr is not less kind than amnzbdhjybes
petbjgvpo lets their friends more than ehnl, so petbjgvpo is not less kind than ehnl
opkrb lets their friends more than tzzffhnppz, so tzzffhnppz is not more kind than opkrb
ttphlhad lets their friends more than kgn, so kgn is not more kind than ttphlhad
til lets their friends more than egzeasp, so egzeasp is not more kind than til
unwtpw lets their friends more than wgph, so wgph is not more kind than unwtpw
xmdlvzlkry lets their friends more than kbcadsgcakec, so kbcadsgcakec is not more kind than xmdlvzlkry
ovobrshiw becomes stronger than rwmzelgmms, so ovobrshiw is more hardworking than rwmzelgmms
sbdfacnxjqd becomes stronger than cpfvzjqxgvy, so sbdfacnxjqd is more hardworking than cpfvzjqxgvy
tcne becomes stronger than drprafnlsppu, so tcne is more hardworking than drprafnlsppu
xobgtkxw becomes stronger than lrvnuhgqgux, so xobgtkxw is more hardworking than lrvnuhgqgux
elyeqpgmgk becomes stronger than uniqwe, so elyeqpgmgk is more hardworking than uniqwe
zrirmt becomes stronger than trglwxkktwms, so trglwxkktwms is less hardworking than zrirmt
legrmrkim becomes stronger than ygasylyi, so ygasylyi is less hardworking than legrmrkim
xfzxcialqel becomes stronger than lqytvoatmcnc, so lqytvoatmcnc is less hardworking than xfzxcialqel
igblmx becomes stronger than sho, so sho is less hardworking than igblmx
szbuj becomes stronger than bbubxezuwsv, so bbubxezuwsv is less hardworking than szbuj
cztgmmwpma becomes stronger than kcietbwi, so cztgmmwpma is not less hardworking than kcietbwi
ekscbff becomes stronger than btebcl, so ekscbff is not less hardworking than btebcl
ulqn becomes stronger than wmvfxior, so ulqn is not less hardworking than wmvfxior
henua becomes stronger than gyr, so henua is not less hardworking than gyr
hmnjjyl becomes stronger than cyobefk, so hmnjjyl is not less hardworking than cyobefk
astgunden becomes stronger than bcczx, so bcczx is not more hardworking than astgunden
hxkanony becomes stronger than oymsjn, so oymsjn is not more hardworking than hxkanony
xfhe becomes stronger than dapjohkwdbb, so dapjohkwdbb is not more hardworking than xfhe
gqoijw becomes stronger than yuciznzkmbic, so yuciznzkmbic is not more hardworking than gqoijw
qsfuhbc becomes stronger than wgttmfj, so wgttmfj is not more hardworking than qsfuhbc
itzo decides to run for president more than gnikpy, so itzo is more hard working than gnikpy
ccdkxpuaxe decides to run for president more than vxrtqpwrsr, so ccdkxpuaxe is more hard working than vxrtqpwrsr
lkkhmcewjy decides to run for president more than hzgkzb, so lkkhmcewjy is more hard working than hzgkzb
yiwigkvsfxe decides to run for president more than rshywac, so yiwigkvsfxe is more hard working than rshywac
yydropdeli decides to run for president more than jlyomyqbgsog, so yydropdeli is more hard working than jlyomyqbgsog
iepbwlik decides to run for president more than jtlpolevm, so jtlpolevm is less hard working than iepbwlik
uih decides to run for president more than xuo, so xuo is less hard working than uih
vsaiddtmdcfv decides to run for president more than gafc, so gafc is less hard working than vsaiddtmdcfv
upl decides to run for president more than qbtcn, so qbtcn is less hard working than upl
ytfvr decides to run for president more than kbpy, so kbpy is less hard working than ytfvr
cbbe decides to run for president more than sncvtuzlav, so cbbe is not less hard working than sncvtuzlav
abw decides to run for president more than cddypswtf, so abw is not less hard working than cddypswtf
hzhnlygknbr decides to run for president more than qgqgkbbu, so hzhnlygknbr is not less hard working than qgqgkbbu
dpjrstdfod decides to run for president more than qec, so dpjrstdfod is not less hard working than qec
dhxvsvqwl decides to run for president more than lky, so dhxvsvqwl is not less hard working than lky
crldoe decides to run for president more than vsglhjkeq, so vsglhjkeq is not more hard working than crldoe
wevyoqv decides to run for president more than pnqbt, so pnqbt is not more hard working than wevyoqv
sfarhofp decides to run for president more than tvbnlf, so tvbnlf is not more hard working than sfarhofp
shjct decides to run for president more than jjdgpuy, so jjdgpuy is not more hard working than shjct
macuhdulxexd decides to run for president more than hwbzrfedm, so hwbzrfedm is not more hard working than macuhdulxexd
atsitoes moves their furniture more than sabzhmkqz, so atsitoes is more hardworking than sabzhmkqz
xiyxftdtmf moves their furniture more than tmvzleot, so xiyxftdtmf is more hardworking than tmvzleot
ttuenftwcvd moves their furniture more than opdk, so ttuenftwcvd is more hardworking than opdk
gqojobnbnkm moves their furniture more than vgyiupct, so gqojobnbnkm is more hardworking than vgyiupct
qeuzduq moves their furniture more than nvue, so qeuzduq is more hardworking than nvue
pdrnmqkduab moves their furniture more than bwtaxkt, so bwtaxkt is less hardworking than pdrnmqkduab
qglpztttrdul moves their furniture more than pvho, so pvho is less hardworking than qglpztttrdul
ipnvnd moves their furniture more than rcjvh, so rcjvh is less hardworking than ipnvnd
zgocvbproqjm moves their furniture more than pwigftfzb, so pwigftfzb is less hardworking than zgocvbproqjm
iugwe moves their furniture more than sbq, so sbq is less hardworking than iugwe
hdvesiqq moves their furniture more than hrcwbgbgopg, so hdvesiqq is not less hardworking than hrcwbgbgopg
mfxxisobn moves their furniture more than hbvikbujssx, so mfxxisobn is not less hardworking than hbvikbujssx
hqq moves their furniture more than mqhymdgjrs, so hqq is not less hardworking than mqhymdgjrs
ziqeqzokv moves their furniture more than djd, so ziqeqzokv is not less hardworking than djd
kxkeaz moves their furniture more than vkah, so kxkeaz is not less hardworking than vkah
tyzusnwazpz moves their furniture more than skkokpjp, so skkokpjp is not more hardworking than tyzusnwazpz
yhjxgryvvx moves their furniture more than dpzqdkndi, so dpzqdkndi is not more hardworking than yhjxgryvvx
xhxm moves their furniture more than xcsbb, so xcsbb is not more hardworking than xhxm
sbfvlqj moves their furniture more than yafaglfho, so yafaglfho is not more hardworking than sbfvlqj
czwlozqswgwo moves their furniture more than bowcz, so bowcz is not more hardworking than czwlozqswgwo
arhyy puts another person to work more than vcivldfvuf, so arhyy is more demanding than vcivldfvuf
qnzsdxykfqn puts another person to work more than rzfwwptssfp, so qnzsdxykfqn is more demanding than rzfwwptssfp
vdasykgb puts another person to work more than dfvpxtu, so vdasykgb is more demanding than dfvpxtu
kjdeoric puts another person to work more than kuxudmbw, so kjdeoric is more demanding than kuxudmbw
hwylnrhs puts another person to work more than ddsrri, so hwylnrhs is more demanding than ddsrri
jvftzrn puts another person to work more than fhmauvbwpheu, so fhmauvbwpheu is less demanding than jvftzrn
ois puts another person to work more than fjdgv, so fjdgv is less demanding than ois
tzf puts another person to work more than ixetelq, so ixetelq is less demanding than tzf
gyztrchlrmw puts another person to work more than linzkzeppau, so linzkzeppau is less demanding than gyztrchlrmw
fldfiulnx puts another person to work more than abbcb, so abbcb is less demanding than fldfiulnx
rhqtspobbdm puts another person to work more than aooyqnfvpkae, so rhqtspobbdm is not less demanding than aooyqnfvpkae
xlfmt puts another person to work more than ztl, so xlfmt is not less demanding than ztl
uvnssefitn puts another person to work more than hlyxhhy, so uvnssefitn is not less demanding than hlyxhhy
efqtffmdtywd puts another person to work more than sobgl, so efqtffmdtywd is not less demanding than sobgl
nwgotljwzhr puts another person to work more than jsmlvjsvzk, so nwgotljwzhr is not less demanding than jsmlvjsvzk
usvduoayqky puts another person to work more than bzhcaprc, so bzhcaprc is not more demanding than usvduoayqky
oevtz puts another person to work more than vvmdp, so vvmdp is not more demanding than oevtz
eadinasvwck puts another person to work more than ybfgley, so ybfgley is not more demanding than eadinasvwck
vooznvraeccc puts another person to work more than ournbmf, so ournbmf is not more demanding than vooznvraeccc
nbvwvokp puts another person to work more than zwpkynp, so zwpkynp is not more demanding than nbvwvokp
udcznbahdbk has gotten lost more than nxkyk, so udcznbahdbk is more disoriented than nxkyk
ibiimwdpss has gotten lost more than foe, so ibiimwdpss is more disoriented than foe
nggz has gotten lost more than mfgmuxob, so nggz is more disoriented than mfgmuxob
ggizfnlup has gotten lost more than ewlsigxzjuii, so ggizfnlup is more disoriented than ewlsigxzjuii
urom has gotten lost more than xpwazuessp, so urom is more disoriented than xpwazuessp
dgcso has gotten lost more than lqygoyrfjdz, so lqygoyrfjdz is less disoriented than dgcso
jzvrj has gotten lost more than wdpwuipn, so wdpwuipn is less disoriented than jzvrj
cdfzzype has gotten lost more than ngmvsa, so ngmvsa is less disoriented than cdfzzype
lamozm has gotten lost more than vsvu, so vsvu is less disoriented than lamozm
ohb has gotten lost more than ooiabnjfnw, so ooiabnjfnw is less disoriented than ohb
ewwgo has gotten lost more than aultpnu, so ewwgo is not less disoriented than aultpnu
ojbhzmsaauuu has gotten lost more than tuopotpibuze, so ojbhzmsaauuu is not less disoriented than tuopotpibuze
pbhtzxu has gotten lost more than xksvyjxyvuqo, so pbhtzxu is not less disoriented than xksvyjxyvuqo
mvsgt has gotten lost more than aetsua, so mvsgt is not less disoriented than aetsua
fuphlptxrnim has gotten lost more than ykfhu, so fuphlptxrnim is not less disoriented than ykfhu
byzx has gotten lost more than dpxyjuhqfokf, so dpxyjuhqfokf is not more disoriented than byzx
hzlxjk has gotten lost more than owliajwplhb, so owliajwplhb is not more disoriented than hzlxjk
fuwqltco has gotten lost more than qdrxcgkjxkt, so qdrxcgkjxkt is not more disoriented than fuwqltco
ltbbfwluoobt has gotten lost more than ptoaib, so ptoaib is not more disoriented than ltbbfwluoobt
fagly has gotten lost more than ndkkvp, so ndkkvp is not more disoriented than fagly
jdbyp makes millions more than qdgeys, so jdbyp is more wealthy than qdgeys
glodofvev makes millions more than chchnlxao, so glodofvev is more wealthy than chchnlxao
nlds makes millions more than agly, so nlds is more wealthy than agly
vgjpsao makes millions more than xezhenojzp, so vgjpsao is more wealthy than xezhenojzp
aggsjaelcap makes millions more than jireb, so aggsjaelcap is more wealthy than jireb
eubwriadqr makes millions more than rcmad, so rcmad is less wealthy than eubwriadqr
khvbpsuo makes millions more than aalw, so aalw is less wealthy than khvbpsuo
mvgxsn makes millions more than opduarqonz, so opduarqonz is less wealthy than mvgxsn
ibacqdnms makes millions more than zyiqzgg, so zyiqzgg is less wealthy than ibacqdnms
yeplncirdob makes millions more than vghhjpzuov, so vghhjpzuov is less wealthy than yeplncirdob
izkvrzkjkvx makes millions more than okglqt, so izkvrzkjkvx is not less wealthy than okglqt
opftblvdrs makes millions more than shjesjs, so opftblvdrs is not less wealthy than shjesjs
vatyxzezftar makes millions more than btixe, so vatyxzezftar is not less wealthy than btixe
jmdgdgrnju makes millions more than xvlve, so jmdgdgrnju is not less wealthy than xvlve
gdyjejjkaf makes millions more than scxqemlvohr, so gdyjejjkaf is not less wealthy than scxqemlvohr
nxqhqpfejqmj makes millions more than wzpadoqjaplq, so wzpadoqjaplq is not more wealthy than nxqhqpfejqmj
dgsyctujmbt makes millions more than ybafqr, so ybafqr is not more wealthy than dgsyctujmbt
druz makes millions more than ecmplfqvxj, so ecmplfqvxj is not more wealthy than druz
jitzcoz makes millions more than trq, so trq is not more wealthy than jitzcoz
zgrniqdd makes millions more than ebuechaw, so ebuechaw is not more wealthy than zgrniqdd
oau stops talking to another person more than yjlctpa, so oau is more mute than yjlctpa
vgijqk stops talking to another person more than hdplhdysq, so vgijqk is more mute than hdplhdysq
vztvm stops talking to another person more than cryecbcluo, so vztvm is more mute than cryecbcluo
vhgluucrm stops talking to another person more than dxytu, so vhgluucrm is more mute than dxytu
ocvyiohqwojs stops talking to another person more than brodwncdiuv, so ocvyiohqwojs is more mute than brodwncdiuv
hvmypwhe stops talking to another person more than eauhacewbxz, so eauhacewbxz is less mute than hvmypwhe
sigv stops talking to another person more than ndogrczanzp, so ndogrczanzp is less mute than sigv
oqeucwi stops talking to another person more than ugmxfkm, so ugmxfkm is less mute than oqeucwi
ixwixgtmja stops talking to another person more than gfurwhbq, so gfurwhbq is less mute than ixwixgtmja
zsaqpxyq stops talking to another person more than atfalsictqzf, so atfalsictqzf is less mute than zsaqpxyq
pwco stops talking to another person more than agnstotny, so pwco is not less mute than agnstotny
xxnv stops talking to another person more than gaytd, so xxnv is not less mute than gaytd
qetsmjzyqbf stops talking to another person more than imjlrfnj, so qetsmjzyqbf is not less mute than imjlrfnj
skjybw stops talking to another person more than jub, so skjybw is not less mute than jub
kyhxprhvroog stops talking to another person more than nesg, so kyhxprhvroog is not less mute than nesg
ieyqzrigic stops talking to another person more than qqbp, so qqbp is not more mute than ieyqzrigic
nnbkhpkoex stops talking to another person more than jemze, so jemze is not more mute than nnbkhpkoex
uygwhu stops talking to another person more than uxkalgvwckb, so uxkalgvwckb is not more mute than uygwhu
absckwwhq stops talking to another person more than jporiqqmmp, so jporiqqmmp is not more mute than absckwwhq
rdozviavi stops talking to another person more than zedlobatqnx, so zedlobatqnx is not more mute than rdozviavi
cldgwvan kisses another person on both cheeks more than wvintoga, so cldgwvan is more loving than wvintoga
odvojtwb kisses another person on both cheeks more than hhyemn, so odvojtwb is more loving than hhyemn
sighf kisses another person on both cheeks more than lzsimfwpn, so sighf is more loving than lzsimfwpn
malxte kisses another person on both cheeks more than rrobpn, so malxte is more loving than rrobpn
qppeiumbuytr kisses another person on both cheeks more than ltnamau, so qppeiumbuytr is more loving than ltnamau
kuqkldo kisses another person on both cheeks more than bjctt, so bjctt is less loving than kuqkldo
pnjkluqqb kisses another person on both cheeks more than yuxfolxjk, so yuxfolxjk is less loving than pnjkluqqb
rlqsdq kisses another person on both cheeks more than pjswwcmp, so pjswwcmp is less loving than rlqsdq
fjsrppzc kisses another person on both cheeks more than nlaalh, so nlaalh is less loving than fjsrppzc
tzzqq kisses another person on both cheeks more than nhjfjcet, so nhjfjcet is less loving than tzzqq
wkxyrdxcfs kisses another person on both cheeks more than pcwjfshjih, so wkxyrdxcfs is not less loving than pcwjfshjih
cuyctkfzdd kisses another person on both cheeks more than ispf, so cuyctkfzdd is not less loving than ispf
rbtdzvwo kisses another person on both cheeks more than wsawbetrpd, so rbtdzvwo is not less loving than wsawbetrpd
qnjxkgpazkv kisses another person on both cheeks more than qdxx, so qnjxkgpazkv is not less loving than qdxx
znl kisses another person on both cheeks more than kfuvam, so znl is not less loving than kfuvam
vipgwngxy kisses another person on both cheeks more than auqvbdyrztmj, so auqvbdyrztmj is not more loving than vipgwngxy
rtsthpgxmb kisses another person on both cheeks more than fxfcjhbclagu, so fxfcjhbclagu is not more loving than rtsthpgxmb
wvixkjkxcxfc kisses another person on both cheeks more than mrpboqn, so mrpboqn is not more loving than wvixkjkxcxfc
gbyzmgatwd kisses another person on both cheeks more than cqkqracf, so cqkqracf is not more loving than gbyzmgatwd
rrxypska kisses another person on both cheeks more than cbzowy, so cbzowy is not more loving than rrxypska
jcqidmqxpa brings pressure to bear more than hpjwphqcr, so jcqidmqxpa is more hardworking than hpjwphqcr
bliosvz brings pressure to bear more than cpxdcunr, so bliosvz is more hardworking than cpxdcunr
iwex brings pressure to bear more than amcpcqpczete, so iwex is more hardworking than amcpcqpczete
zijuaqgwb brings pressure to bear more than vhapb, so zijuaqgwb is more hardworking than vhapb
kuogtxxej brings pressure to bear more than vyvwfpae, so kuogtxxej is more hardworking than vyvwfpae
witmdbkckvgp brings pressure to bear more than bdie, so bdie is less hardworking than witmdbkckvgp
cgmmlncfv brings pressure to bear more than etqau, so etqau is less hardworking than cgmmlncfv
alrbdhyf brings pressure to bear more than xfhwfgvvnpa, so xfhwfgvvnpa is less hardworking than alrbdhyf
uqkitd brings pressure to bear more than jczvaxd, so jczvaxd is less hardworking than uqkitd
dggwuhfahzq brings pressure to bear more than rooxhnb, so rooxhnb is less hardworking than dggwuhfahzq
kijxk brings pressure to bear more than qtpsp, so kijxk is not less hardworking than qtpsp
vgxot brings pressure to bear more than lkjfafeehg, so vgxot is not less hardworking than lkjfafeehg
jvalnueles brings pressure to bear more than xhcsmzq, so jvalnueles is not less hardworking than xhcsmzq
qnxofjmjo brings pressure to bear more than tftypfgbf, so qnxofjmjo is not less hardworking than tftypfgbf
vkxrja brings pressure to bear more than gyhhkdok, so vkxrja is not less hardworking than gyhhkdok
iqywxtr brings pressure to bear more than rcdizx, so rcdizx is not more hardworking than iqywxtr
ajyyrfed brings pressure to bear more than lrfzofbao, so lrfzofbao is not more hardworking than ajyyrfed
zlio brings pressure to bear more than mqfuxmgpcei, so mqfuxmgpcei is not more hardworking than zlio
eooovwroqu brings pressure to bear more than fpuhhpzutvc, so fpuhhpzutvc is not more hardworking than eooovwroqu
ubzmrry brings pressure to bear more than lqgqdkqcn, so lqgqdkqcn is not more hardworking than ubzmrry
gbfzomyqrh performs their function more than ajl, so gbfzomyqrh is more hardworking than ajl
ozopby performs their function more than pbknagkimi, so ozopby is more hardworking than pbknagkimi
gmmydc performs their function more than bwhdnff, so gmmydc is more hardworking than bwhdnff
kwvzd performs their function more than lfcuoqa, so kwvzd is more hardworking than lfcuoqa
oqlsicsr performs their function more than ypapncr, so oqlsicsr is more hardworking than ypapncr
twhoy performs their function more than amgcjdj, so amgcjdj is less hardworking than twhoy
ilomgsuemk performs their function more than tvqnd, so tvqnd is less hardworking than ilomgsuemk
founa performs their function more than rsiru, so rsiru is less hardworking than founa
bccsxxhqlibi performs their function more than dprgbetcvhh, so dprgbetcvhh is less hardworking than bccsxxhqlibi
oesvov performs their function more than xhuzxiypqp, so xhuzxiypqp is less hardworking than oesvov
sjvaihxl performs their function more than obymgsnfjyqr, so sjvaihxl is not less hardworking than obymgsnfjyqr
admoaxgnw performs their function more than pwte, so admoaxgnw is not less hardworking than pwte
qvtr performs their function more than dzsseyegvpv, so qvtr is not less hardworking than dzsseyegvpv
rxanj performs their function more than rgdqhcowk, so rxanj is not less hardworking than rgdqhcowk
nlugrruvjiei performs their function more than rgoqhhgip, so nlugrruvjiei is not less hardworking than rgoqhhgip
nkapu performs their function more than nbjfgigynv, so nbjfgigynv is not more hardworking than nkapu
vppoja performs their function more than askccl, so askccl is not more hardworking than vppoja
xzblltcnumn performs their function more than rpl, so rpl is not more hardworking than xzblltcnumn
yswi performs their function more than sxkjn, so sxkjn is not more hardworking than yswi
pahpn performs their function more than cky, so cky is not more hardworking than pahpn
ibctyjrn catches another person napping more than rdjqsh, so ibctyjrn is more skilled than rdjqsh
hdzaxcre catches another person napping more than znftutl, so hdzaxcre is more skilled than znftutl
dnxqzi catches another person napping more than araolr, so dnxqzi is more skilled than araolr
ktigz catches another person napping more than ntnvgzo, so ktigz is more skilled than ntnvgzo
scgwahwd catches another person napping more than iglbvzun, so scgwahwd is more skilled than iglbvzun
hubefi catches another person napping more than rsiib, so rsiib is less skilled than hubefi
reyximee catches another person napping more than pto, so pto is less skilled than reyximee
hvueosj catches another person napping more than urkgqrok, so urkgqrok is less skilled than hvueosj
jsburqjamgx catches another person napping more than wzqi, so wzqi is less skilled than jsburqjamgx
hpyrsqp catches another person napping more than aqi, so aqi is less skilled than hpyrsqp
lhdfcn catches another person napping more than nixjm, so lhdfcn is not less skilled than nixjm
radqwt catches another person napping more than elddklia, so radqwt is not less skilled than elddklia
xzizkoi catches another person napping more than xbut, so xzizkoi is not less skilled than xbut
eapqxbhgzi catches another person napping more than rdwslfayfu, so eapqxbhgzi is not less skilled than rdwslfayfu
nrrjmuayar catches another person napping more than hdeoxxkd, so nrrjmuayar is not less skilled than hdeoxxkd
ctjtycqsfahy catches another person napping more than aifjylyyh, so aifjylyyh is not more skilled than ctjtycqsfahy
ogbwcjytyhi catches another person napping more than sre, so sre is not more skilled than ogbwcjytyhi
jloninpdg catches another person napping more than fbpswquy, so fbpswquy is not more skilled than jloninpdg
rvia catches another person napping more than qentrwksofyr, so qentrwksofyr is not more skilled than rvia
ecnuh catches another person napping more than awyckybrp, so awyckybrp is not more skilled than ecnuh
tjsadfkmmez makes coffee more than csapbmgebbty, so tjsadfkmmez is more drowsy than csapbmgebbty
dkaj makes coffee more than mtamj, so dkaj is more drowsy than mtamj
brwtvzn makes coffee more than jwmltketyurl, so brwtvzn is more drowsy than jwmltketyurl
uxgpidzavta makes coffee more than wawub, so uxgpidzavta is more drowsy than wawub
hgwu makes coffee more than ogifdtsgm, so hgwu is more drowsy than ogifdtsgm
znaufnbq makes coffee more than vnghgq, so vnghgq is more drowsy than znaufnbq
ekvtlfpbujs makes coffee more than irh, so irh is more drowsy than ekvtlfpbujs
lzqvllifvx makes coffee more than aoxmqnho, so aoxmqnho is more drowsy than lzqvllifvx
wtzwax makes coffee more than lrzjamkwvif, so lrzjamkwvif is more drowsy than wtzwax
lhv makes coffee more than uheazctldjae, so uheazctldjae is more drowsy than lhv
zkquipnw makes coffee more than rzwdtll, so zkquipnw is not more drowsy than rzwdtll
wfepdaj makes coffee more than ddcoxskfnxow, so wfepdaj is not more drowsy than ddcoxskfnxow
tjbucja makes coffee more than sqhquhmumtes, so tjbucja is not more drowsy than sqhquhmumtes
uxqqm makes coffee more than gis, so uxqqm is not more drowsy than gis
ykxyzbdvcdp makes coffee more than atjyehnwcvr, so ykxyzbdvcdp is not more drowsy than atjyehnwcvr
hveexinkrx makes coffee more than tewksopmn, so tewksopmn is not more drowsy than hveexinkrx
baysxt makes coffee more than ytz, so ytz is not more drowsy than baysxt
gjazoj makes coffee more than gxkjinorx, so gxkjinorx is not more drowsy than gjazoj
wzka makes coffee more than ojrxnmeesyu, so ojrxnmeesyu is not more drowsy than wzka
wwcnjts makes coffee more than rru, so rru is not more drowsy than wwcnjts
ycvczgcv has another person by the short hairs more than uwvuezo, so ycvczgcv is more mean than uwvuezo
xstl has another person by the short hairs more than slvgkytual, so xstl is more mean than slvgkytual
strvlcq has another person by the short hairs more than jujidwccvt, so strvlcq is more mean than jujidwccvt
couvdjvmbzo has another person by the short hairs more than seszmud, so couvdjvmbzo is more mean than seszmud
ciu has another person by the short hairs more than kuvicygttzyd, so ciu is more mean than kuvicygttzyd
qqfi has another person by the short hairs more than wyzmfpizszht, so wyzmfpizszht is less mean than qqfi
pvxomobuavx has another person by the short hairs more than kmmf, so kmmf is less mean than pvxomobuavx
qrxlqwbabmcs has another person by the short hairs more than ogiwarp, so ogiwarp is less mean than qrxlqwbabmcs
xngwngpjfurp has another person by the short hairs more than odrtxezrnvi, so odrtxezrnvi is less mean than xngwngpjfurp
vxzekgsg has another person by the short hairs more than jngp, so jngp is less mean than vxzekgsg
ugyujlvkzpnp has another person by the short hairs more than pbgaahf, so ugyujlvkzpnp is not less mean than pbgaahf
xnaiqtsyk has another person by the short hairs more than cftsrh, so xnaiqtsyk is not less mean than cftsrh
gfdqpckyyrd has another person by the short hairs more than igijp, so gfdqpckyyrd is not less mean than igijp
esamnownla has another person by the short hairs more than qnlabjwfk, so esamnownla is not less mean than qnlabjwfk
ccjezfwg has another person by the short hairs more than tmrrrgfuesug, so ccjezfwg is not less mean than tmrrrgfuesug
blh has another person by the short hairs more than qdckzphfq, so qdckzphfq is not more mean than blh
wdkfwg has another person by the short hairs more than imndby, so imndby is not more mean than wdkfwg
malbmcxvkzms has another person by the short hairs more than excnky, so excnky is not more mean than malbmcxvkzms
hhggxe has another person by the short hairs more than bvjvabu, so bvjvabu is not more mean than hhggxe
asekxji has another person by the short hairs more than pyaeovu, so pyaeovu is not more mean than asekxji
qpnu is really shy, yimldaxcyuup is not, so qpnu is more meak than yimldaxcyuup
idqy is really shy, xft is not, so idqy is more meak than xft
elrt is really shy, vvuqcltsda is not, so elrt is more meak than vvuqcltsda
gupx is really shy, tmqnz is not, so gupx is more meak than tmqnz
txbpird is really shy, ghpaels is not, so txbpird is more meak than ghpaels
fancodret is really shy, hwhxdtux is less shy than fancodret, so hwhxdtux is less meak than fancodret
pmsgaip is really shy, pzehqzyu is less shy than pmsgaip, so pzehqzyu is less meak than pmsgaip
xfxslrvfeuml is really shy, ticwgkc is less shy than xfxslrvfeuml, so ticwgkc is less meak than xfxslrvfeuml
ynrnarubg is really shy, fnhawe is less shy than ynrnarubg, so fnhawe is less meak than ynrnarubg
buwtxucwub is really shy, blisr is less shy than buwtxucwub, so blisr is less meak than buwtxucwub
chy is really shy more than aqucf, so chy is not less meak than aqucf
gvlnzfkgu is really shy more than notyjunzvrdn, so gvlnzfkgu is not less meak than notyjunzvrdn
gtrcbhpqh is really shy more than nhhlex, so gtrcbhpqh is not less meak than nhhlex
ucvxlfcjetdv is really shy more than ihovjvwlked, so ucvxlfcjetdv is not less meak than ihovjvwlked
jyhrfbki is really shy more than firbs, so jyhrfbki is not less meak than firbs
boet is really shy, zxhe is not more shy than boet, so zxhe is not more meak than boet
ghdl is really shy, tocouppylh is not more shy than ghdl, so tocouppylh is not more meak than ghdl
utrfu is really shy, dtn is not more shy than utrfu, so dtn is not more meak than utrfu
dvltngq is really shy, kkc is not more shy than dvltngq, so kkc is not more meak than dvltngq
niigbntztz is really shy, mpbris is not more shy than niigbntztz, so mpbris is not more meak than niigbntztz
skumbljnixx does a terrible job, zlg does a terrible job, so skumbljnixx is more inadequate than zlg
vrwyyusc does a terrible job, ugtlmy does a terrible job, so vrwyyusc is more inadequate than ugtlmy
qrcwkrelsy does a terrible job, cgkjrzkdypde does a terrible job, so qrcwkrelsy is more inadequate than cgkjrzkdypde
jtwiahehyhm does a terrible job, vzfccetdx does a terrible job, so jtwiahehyhm is more inadequate than vzfccetdx
kgwjqcggrj does a terrible job, ounme does a terrible job, so kgwjqcggrj is more inadequate than ounme
mfewvssjkhdo does a terrible job while wkuzvbqwyrb does a terrible job, so wkuzvbqwyrb is less inadequate than mfewvssjkhdo
lhwanoe does a terrible job while fxotdf does a terrible job, so fxotdf is less inadequate than lhwanoe
zcvuwe does a terrible job while ljf does a terrible job, so ljf is less inadequate than zcvuwe
tdv does a terrible job while hxqjbbhl does a terrible job, so hxqjbbhl is less inadequate than tdv
bpbzcmp does a terrible job while hsyfyst does a terrible job, so hsyfyst is less inadequate than bpbzcmp
jfaloorlnll does a terrible job while hmuskqwdcgh does not, so jfaloorlnll is not less inadequate than hmuskqwdcgh
gjumlq does a terrible job while tlmaxzkrjmg does not, so gjumlq is not less inadequate than tlmaxzkrjmg
cvxfrqcwnw does a terrible job while ghnvhziuyyml does not, so cvxfrqcwnw is not less inadequate than ghnvhziuyyml
qgowzpjtxckg does a terrible job while pvhzo does not, so qgowzpjtxckg is not less inadequate than pvhzo
asf does a terrible job while oixksjjwp does not, so asf is not less inadequate than oixksjjwp
flhlyybmww does a terrible job while bfkqont does not, so bfkqont is not more inadequate than flhlyybmww
glkgorqbuzlf does a terrible job while ivqzyoyz does not, so ivqzyoyz is not more inadequate than glkgorqbuzlf
csarnlopld does a terrible job while bmlirkjmw does not, so bmlirkjmw is not more inadequate than csarnlopld
wdfyod does a terrible job while oaizoqewro does not, so oaizoqewro is not more inadequate than wdfyod
jjd does a terrible job while pevdclms does not, so pevdclms is not more inadequate than jjd
ornmii celebrates halloween more than vtfcwksc, so ornmii is more careing than vtfcwksc
pacyuzdni celebrates halloween more than sijbqil, so pacyuzdni is more careing than sijbqil
zvuliw celebrates halloween more than hczrbtkhok, so zvuliw is more careing than hczrbtkhok
yifztch celebrates halloween more than scclut, so yifztch is more careing than scclut
epguknt celebrates halloween more than aamqrvtiruql, so epguknt is more careing than aamqrvtiruql
mlps celebrates halloween more than uzjbu, so uzjbu is less careing than mlps
jisimhnqhngn celebrates halloween more than antxalz, so antxalz is less careing than jisimhnqhngn
wezvvvtot celebrates halloween more than emu, so emu is less careing than wezvvvtot
lhpdis celebrates halloween more than dfnexd, so dfnexd is less careing than lhpdis
wbxzxo celebrates halloween more than lflrqen, so lflrqen is less careing than wbxzxo
lehebhbf celebrates halloween more than ixuntwjmudng, so lehebhbf is not less careing than ixuntwjmudng
oaztvszi celebrates halloween more than vfchbmlyko, so oaztvszi is not less careing than vfchbmlyko
zxy celebrates halloween more than ytfwqxo, so zxy is not less careing than ytfwqxo
zdbdc celebrates halloween more than vrbemmevcfy, so zdbdc is not less careing than vrbemmevcfy
uqsy celebrates halloween more than rqsjwwhe, so uqsy is not less careing than rqsjwwhe
dxkmamx celebrates halloween more than vujelc, so vujelc is not more careing than dxkmamx
ykbqityuzt celebrates halloween more than fntsvryeea, so fntsvryeea is not more careing than ykbqityuzt
gqcnmhdadoio celebrates halloween more than wxlavicmt, so wxlavicmt is not more careing than gqcnmhdadoio
zgbqdgtlhm celebrates halloween more than nrsbcof, so nrsbcof is not more careing than zgbqdgtlhm
kstsi celebrates halloween more than qjhvdxb, so qjhvdxb is not more careing than kstsi
vawkhbqn goes everywhere more than eimznawyj, so vawkhbqn is more adventurous than eimznawyj
tmfebjhtrpgn goes everywhere more than olj, so tmfebjhtrpgn is more adventurous than olj
zias goes everywhere more than unqozrds, so zias is more adventurous than unqozrds
tjnrhigg goes everywhere more than xubkfkdah, so tjnrhigg is more adventurous than xubkfkdah
dhwqhjvxnxb goes everywhere more than pho, so dhwqhjvxnxb is more adventurous than pho
leaw goes everywhere more than odzrtvyfuood, so odzrtvyfuood is less adventurous than leaw
rfjbw goes everywhere more than pdlgeabgdg, so pdlgeabgdg is less adventurous than rfjbw
ere goes everywhere more than nywem, so nywem is less adventurous than ere
efwqtlueho goes everywhere more than cpnpriql, so cpnpriql is less adventurous than efwqtlueho
cvmih goes everywhere more than qfwgtrsicvl, so qfwgtrsicvl is less adventurous than cvmih
qmivpamx goes everywhere more than wzwpax, so qmivpamx is not less adventurous than wzwpax
mnlmpemq goes everywhere more than zegpja, so mnlmpemq is not less adventurous than zegpja
yscwavbgjrg goes everywhere more than gmgzevrt, so yscwavbgjrg is not less adventurous than gmgzevrt
qihvisz goes everywhere more than klba, so qihvisz is not less adventurous than klba
xutkfl goes everywhere more than izvucoxsvzd, so xutkfl is not less adventurous than izvucoxsvzd
zndxn goes everywhere more than swntx, so swntx is not more adventurous than zndxn
odpdxoo goes everywhere more than drxmu, so drxmu is not more adventurous than odpdxoo
trfzcvn goes everywhere more than zmmaboihhn, so zmmaboihhn is not more adventurous than trfzcvn
xekgmpc goes everywhere more than ubodd, so ubodd is not more adventurous than xekgmpc
haei goes everywhere more than vdanbcorxmbn, so vdanbcorxmbn is not more adventurous than haei
bghwviulelg steps on a rake more than taisksjjpzew, so bghwviulelg is more clumsy than taisksjjpzew
rvz steps on a rake more than tyey, so rvz is more clumsy than tyey
dzqik steps on a rake more than hlutvv, so dzqik is more clumsy than hlutvv
yhol steps on a rake more than yobpcfovi, so yhol is more clumsy than yobpcfovi
podgxd steps on a rake more than wryydi, so podgxd is more clumsy than wryydi
ggtgrtmfeqeg steps on a rake more than dikk, so dikk is less clumsy than ggtgrtmfeqeg
kwlox steps on a rake more than fxcgtbeyodv, so fxcgtbeyodv is less clumsy than kwlox
ehn steps on a rake more than zxtcxejie, so zxtcxejie is less clumsy than ehn
cljzfnlgibvz steps on a rake more than owbypp, so owbypp is less clumsy than cljzfnlgibvz
vfpkr steps on a rake more than pzidk, so pzidk is less clumsy than vfpkr
etxkaty steps on a rake more than bccccjplzxmq, so etxkaty is not less clumsy than bccccjplzxmq
cufiiir steps on a rake more than xkyfl, so cufiiir is not less clumsy than xkyfl
gvg steps on a rake more than ukgh, so gvg is not less clumsy than ukgh
dpxrv steps on a rake more than namzvkxwjmwv, so dpxrv is not less clumsy than namzvkxwjmwv
vcpzjhnm steps on a rake more than xaykzrg, so vcpzjhnm is not less clumsy than xaykzrg
itfvgcnaete steps on a rake more than qldo, so qldo is not more clumsy than itfvgcnaete
ibouxvulrcjn steps on a rake more than vntwzzi, so vntwzzi is not more clumsy than ibouxvulrcjn
pbidcvxvj steps on a rake more than hdxefwdnlje, so hdxefwdnlje is not more clumsy than pbidcvxvj
poctye steps on a rake more than edsxomdmatf, so edsxomdmatf is not more clumsy than poctye
kapbbfazsy steps on a rake more than ofzayknvd, so ofzayknvd is not more clumsy than kapbbfazsy
udlglms goes fishing more than xlehcmo, so udlglms is more adventerous than xlehcmo
iwghumeferod goes fishing more than uesoncdye, so iwghumeferod is more adventerous than uesoncdye
mqpfnnqlasa goes fishing more than faxf, so mqpfnnqlasa is more adventerous than faxf
mlib goes fishing more than vhljtgd, so mlib is more adventerous than vhljtgd
zyvfwaamvxj goes fishing more than kctlbc, so zyvfwaamvxj is more adventerous than kctlbc
rbcllhio goes fishing more than ybkc, so ybkc is less adventerous than rbcllhio
vvgywgdr goes fishing more than ofp, so ofp is less adventerous than vvgywgdr
ogisgrv goes fishing more than uuxbef, so uuxbef is less adventerous than ogisgrv
jre goes fishing more than jzueik, so jzueik is less adventerous than jre
oxrdfock goes fishing more than mhnkfb, so mhnkfb is less adventerous than oxrdfock
krryr goes fishing more than wgpylzbv, so krryr is not less adventerous than wgpylzbv
jipakyepvf goes fishing more than cki, so jipakyepvf is not less adventerous than cki
dxldp goes fishing more than ycrzduahb, so dxldp is not less adventerous than ycrzduahb
hxbfefxnuic goes fishing more than tanxorbctnof, so hxbfefxnuic is not less adventerous than tanxorbctnof
dlmyunuvko goes fishing more than ffbzex, so dlmyunuvko is not less adventerous than ffbzex
beedltvv goes fishing more than rnis, so rnis is not more adventerous than beedltvv
ujrrq goes fishing more than iixtacfrq, so iixtacfrq is not more adventerous than ujrrq
nxuuxx goes fishing more than ujyqvkpkxrw, so ujyqvkpkxrw is not more adventerous than nxuuxx
qrdgkd goes fishing more than maqxj, so maqxj is not more adventerous than qrdgkd
kdt goes fishing more than poqyaopcgzv, so poqyaopcgzv is not more adventerous than kdt
aqkwt feels very depressed more than ozltiubfrrnu, so aqkwt is more despondent than ozltiubfrrnu
zrmh feels very depressed more than ijxxnqsy, so zrmh is more despondent than ijxxnqsy
esakwsn feels very depressed more than opjgznf, so esakwsn is more despondent than opjgznf
kimyqtyjd feels very depressed more than ctjn, so kimyqtyjd is more despondent than ctjn
bdqomcso feels very depressed more than nbc, so bdqomcso is more despondent than nbc
osxkcgdl feels very depressed more than rtontebjcp, so rtontebjcp is less despondent than osxkcgdl
lfjtvrts feels very depressed more than yhynfsnokewf, so yhynfsnokewf is less despondent than lfjtvrts
iunbdm feels very depressed more than aiqdyik, so aiqdyik is less despondent than iunbdm
ajczb feels very depressed more than nbsbt, so nbsbt is less despondent than ajczb
wwvl feels very depressed more than odynkcsxl, so odynkcsxl is less despondent than wwvl
fkapxv feels very depressed more than szgotxedhhmn, so fkapxv is not less despondent than szgotxedhhmn
vaijrypucww feels very depressed more than ucikrccdbtup, so vaijrypucww is not less despondent than ucikrccdbtup
vwrgmca feels very depressed more than thrslixnesc, so vwrgmca is not less despondent than thrslixnesc
ypyomy feels very depressed more than nyrbqutww, so ypyomy is not less despondent than nyrbqutww
ekukywnrliim feels very depressed more than nmwgg, so ekukywnrliim is not less despondent than nmwgg
lnlyoegutzdd feels very depressed more than okii, so okii is not more despondent than lnlyoegutzdd
ukedtewvsw feels very depressed more than fks, so fks is not more despondent than ukedtewvsw
ngibaknl feels very depressed more than igok, so igok is not more despondent than ngibaknl
higes feels very depressed more than lsupidw, so lsupidw is not more despondent than higes
yrotekr feels very depressed more than vxugwv, so vxugwv is not more despondent than yrotekr
ppjycyqg dates another person's girlfriend more than jkokxhtprq, so ppjycyqg is more cruel than jkokxhtprq
fpsyc dates another person's girlfriend more than husphef, so fpsyc is more cruel than husphef
ocyglbhzhxlb dates another person's girlfriend more than lex, so ocyglbhzhxlb is more cruel than lex
llencdgnhpc dates another person's girlfriend more than iomvsmlrzko, so llencdgnhpc is more cruel than iomvsmlrzko
rnafuxlqzc dates another person's girlfriend more than eji, so rnafuxlqzc is more cruel than eji
syvqjzuil dates another person's girlfriend more than vngfllhbid, so vngfllhbid is less cruel than syvqjzuil
owzxwmuohu dates another person's girlfriend more than ygcxnjryvo, so ygcxnjryvo is less cruel than owzxwmuohu
ysztkpky dates another person's girlfriend more than nesvuctgb, so nesvuctgb is less cruel than ysztkpky
jnvhixajvk dates another person's girlfriend more than iwmsnyojzols, so iwmsnyojzols is less cruel than jnvhixajvk
sjkmad dates another person's girlfriend more than kqraek, so kqraek is less cruel than sjkmad
jiobsa dates another person's girlfriend more than tcedkquqcijn, so jiobsa is not less cruel than tcedkquqcijn
gwtvkmazp dates another person's girlfriend more than xsbpbotd, so gwtvkmazp is not less cruel than xsbpbotd
nowezvpuc dates another person's girlfriend more than mrflxirujf, so nowezvpuc is not less cruel than mrflxirujf
qppwhpxxadtx dates another person's girlfriend more than elbjszyzne, so qppwhpxxadtx is not less cruel than elbjszyzne
lcpiph dates another person's girlfriend more than xfvwmbfkfb, so lcpiph is not less cruel than xfvwmbfkfb
sofazje dates another person's girlfriend more than litecye, so litecye is not more cruel than sofazje
nnqg dates another person's girlfriend more than fxkjnw, so fxkjnw is not more cruel than nnqg
srt dates another person's girlfriend more than qffnv, so qffnv is not more cruel than srt
yuocpm dates another person's girlfriend more than ambphooglny, so ambphooglny is not more cruel than yuocpm
bglkbempar dates another person's girlfriend more than jjph, so jjph is not more cruel than bglkbempar
pscnzinpgw espouses another person's cause more than arpvmg, so pscnzinpgw is more charitable than arpvmg
shgykxhzbzjn espouses another person's cause more than xftsahrltsk, so shgykxhzbzjn is more charitable than xftsahrltsk
vaxzymhukfz espouses another person's cause more than eklazn, so vaxzymhukfz is more charitable than eklazn
pdvsvym espouses another person's cause more than ipjrqgkbk, so pdvsvym is more charitable than ipjrqgkbk
msj espouses another person's cause more than wkjnpkabdnt, so msj is more charitable than wkjnpkabdnt
mpphec espouses another person's cause more than dvpjxzgb, so dvpjxzgb is less charitable than mpphec
rrelzpnhlwba espouses another person's cause more than wzxahekigjz, so wzxahekigjz is less charitable than rrelzpnhlwba
ozj espouses another person's cause more than ujlfcqh, so ujlfcqh is less charitable than ozj
dfawb espouses another person's cause more than lvwicgwfl, so lvwicgwfl is less charitable than dfawb
ppqsbut espouses another person's cause more than amhgnybkyii, so amhgnybkyii is less charitable than ppqsbut
kdphvtub espouses another person's cause more than noqoyiwg, so kdphvtub is not less charitable than noqoyiwg
zfnxbgffa espouses another person's cause more than djto, so zfnxbgffa is not less charitable than djto
vujux espouses another person's cause more than bmwzysas, so vujux is not less charitable than bmwzysas
hhbnajfhysq espouses another person's cause more than yvjrzitdhxp, so hhbnajfhysq is not less charitable than yvjrzitdhxp
plwaupzh espouses another person's cause more than djs, so plwaupzh is not less charitable than djs
cvlk espouses another person's cause more than mblvqkzu, so mblvqkzu is not more charitable than cvlk
hbwvlxw espouses another person's cause more than zaakkclxuj, so zaakkclxuj is not more charitable than hbwvlxw
hcp espouses another person's cause more than txvowuezk, so txvowuezk is not more charitable than hcp
awo espouses another person's cause more than xzwqo, so xzwqo is not more charitable than awo
jxlgulfpme espouses another person's cause more than cbgluwf, so cbgluwf is not more charitable than jxlgulfpme
sqf starts school more than dlw, so sqf is more anxious than dlw
bvqri starts school more than stdmpe, so bvqri is more anxious than stdmpe
mmflfkqmhug starts school more than fpeqq, so mmflfkqmhug is more anxious than fpeqq
drbzusqco starts school more than uiecxtop, so drbzusqco is more anxious than uiecxtop
bybjhsd starts school more than roed, so bybjhsd is more anxious than roed
wdu starts school more than vsy, so vsy is less anxious than wdu
tqlgaazxgoqk starts school more than wnqoiugcsotn, so wnqoiugcsotn is less anxious than tqlgaazxgoqk
bwtnjtjw starts school more than eyzumrpgnlms, so eyzumrpgnlms is less anxious than bwtnjtjw
hgk starts school more than ker, so ker is less anxious than hgk
wtmdxgblxhcr starts school more than aqumxr, so aqumxr is less anxious than wtmdxgblxhcr
xmc starts school more than eudrc, so xmc is not less anxious than eudrc
oud starts school more than flbw, so oud is not less anxious than flbw
osrtrczsimsg starts school more than cbendewplxl, so osrtrczsimsg is not less anxious than cbendewplxl
wxzcsctwcla starts school more than uiyewhomhd, so wxzcsctwcla is not less anxious than uiyewhomhd
bgmfetqitog starts school more than ijgd, so bgmfetqitog is not less anxious than ijgd
muyqxsswydog starts school more than lozfdnwwnn, so lozfdnwwnn is not more anxious than muyqxsswydog
mvdrtnnqu starts school more than ndbwdtepy, so ndbwdtepy is not more anxious than mvdrtnnqu
srjqizyfp starts school more than cfx, so cfx is not more anxious than srjqizyfp
qtfkyemphok starts school more than ktfazgd, so ktfazgd is not more anxious than qtfkyemphok
wwweysupadv starts school more than qdpudka, so qdpudka is not more anxious than wwweysupadv
hkduz is ready to eat more than mhpnbhbkewxb, so hkduz is more deprived than mhpnbhbkewxb
kio is ready to eat more than uvtrfwutaqcw, so kio is more deprived than uvtrfwutaqcw
kig is ready to eat more than qriv, so kig is more deprived than qriv
qmcojodvpyg is ready to eat more than nmrf, so qmcojodvpyg is more deprived than nmrf
gwmwhiukg is ready to eat more than kfcqhbo, so gwmwhiukg is more deprived than kfcqhbo
qcmonajrrsxx is ready to eat more than gqvysedinble, so gqvysedinble is less deprived than qcmonajrrsxx
encf is ready to eat more than xrisavqyi, so xrisavqyi is less deprived than encf
cpywfqw is ready to eat more than ngaji, so ngaji is less deprived than cpywfqw
nmsudgveexo is ready to eat more than qgqvbsphxtr, so qgqvbsphxtr is less deprived than nmsudgveexo
gwrmxvqmtt is ready to eat more than bofwtiqpypb, so bofwtiqpypb is less deprived than gwrmxvqmtt
szlum is ready to eat more than oeolbugrwd, so szlum is not less deprived than oeolbugrwd
bstlincatgrb is ready to eat more than qqcapt, so bstlincatgrb is not less deprived than qqcapt
hgznfbvkifz is ready to eat more than ocyxxkmsny, so hgznfbvkifz is not less deprived than ocyxxkmsny
obrcmbwmx is ready to eat more than oeuaprqd, so obrcmbwmx is not less deprived than oeuaprqd
sgb is ready to eat more than ptrgz, so sgb is not less deprived than ptrgz
zwzfoqtdsbi is ready to eat more than nwdkt, so nwdkt is not more deprived than zwzfoqtdsbi
aqurrappywh is ready to eat more than wmt, so wmt is not more deprived than aqurrappywh
gmu is ready to eat more than fcutnkuc, so fcutnkuc is not more deprived than gmu
zfrx is ready to eat more than fkesf, so fkesf is not more deprived than zfrx
pwnf is ready to eat more than kyoce, so kyoce is not more deprived than pwnf
wop exits stage left more than digzjydrzgo, so wop is more dramatic than digzjydrzgo
gzcvkufafahc exits stage left more than yjwp, so gzcvkufafahc is more dramatic than yjwp
xtpwxmqbzf exits stage left more than prgtpdewuwn, so xtpwxmqbzf is more dramatic than prgtpdewuwn
qtycgnbkbg exits stage left more than kpmiougz, so qtycgnbkbg is more dramatic than kpmiougz
aqoxlx exits stage left more than elrfl, so aqoxlx is more dramatic than elrfl
rcszlycekc exits stage left more than phhefdmqp, so phhefdmqp is less dramatic than rcszlycekc
rmroxg exits stage left more than tnxcfcfegqb, so tnxcfcfegqb is less dramatic than rmroxg
izdr exits stage left more than wbll, so wbll is less dramatic than izdr
wqh exits stage left more than eomay, so eomay is less dramatic than wqh
vhrzfdvojqal exits stage left more than hrhnjrugj, so hrhnjrugj is less dramatic than vhrzfdvojqal
uqvmlagy exits stage left more than bavb, so uqvmlagy is not less dramatic than bavb
jnrzjsa exits stage left more than hynnfxl, so jnrzjsa is not less dramatic than hynnfxl
mpauv exits stage left more than otxdlmolddfr, so mpauv is not less dramatic than otxdlmolddfr
dwrodox exits stage left more than pxczmjaabr, so dwrodox is not less dramatic than pxczmjaabr
rhs exits stage left more than yeixddook, so rhs is not less dramatic than yeixddook
erqcb exits stage left more than nzmfqhjync, so nzmfqhjync is not more dramatic than erqcb
skgcmjxhj exits stage left more than vaylfnawzwxb, so vaylfnawzwxb is not more dramatic than skgcmjxhj
ximhdjtwhq exits stage left more than odvwupzrk, so odvwupzrk is not more dramatic than ximhdjtwhq
ppgudeacoz exits stage left more than icxn, so icxn is not more dramatic than ppgudeacoz
troywy exits stage left more than lpgm, so lpgm is not more dramatic than troywy
odlztgqgbu pays attention to details more than kuw, so odlztgqgbu is more fastidious than kuw
zcxdzubnk pays attention to details more than isxgxuixwxca, so zcxdzubnk is more fastidious than isxgxuixwxca
hffgk pays attention to details more than bgayiugpcy, so hffgk is more fastidious than bgayiugpcy
cmxyocdjlba pays attention to details more than yjr, so cmxyocdjlba is more fastidious than yjr
fcxzqkcqd pays attention to details more than mjqbijqf, so fcxzqkcqd is more fastidious than mjqbijqf
qnfu pays attention to details more than yuwor, so yuwor is less fastidious than qnfu
ptvbaqza pays attention to details more than vduj, so vduj is less fastidious than ptvbaqza
vsgnn pays attention to details more than krheqc, so krheqc is less fastidious than vsgnn
zmra pays attention to details more than toatmi, so toatmi is less fastidious than zmra
rklpnvmadifd pays attention to details more than dnujkb, so dnujkb is less fastidious than rklpnvmadifd
ppy pays attention to details more than uuwqrh, so ppy is not less fastidious than uuwqrh
jbdcvjhxq pays attention to details more than gufgjhbpwr, so jbdcvjhxq is not less fastidious than gufgjhbpwr
lkplmesgi pays attention to details more than nfwbm, so lkplmesgi is not less fastidious than nfwbm
gtlhw pays attention to details more than sltnstzvsh, so gtlhw is not less fastidious than sltnstzvsh
gfjxujhijfqr pays attention to details more than ksquiyukzed, so gfjxujhijfqr is not less fastidious than ksquiyukzed
lkstn pays attention to details more than bqcfzhpog, so bqcfzhpog is not more fastidious than lkstn
kviaczuxl pays attention to details more than toesvinipm, so toesvinipm is not more fastidious than kviaczuxl
akqenebhiwj pays attention to details more than gxce, so gxce is not more fastidious than akqenebhiwj
izaulxpkld pays attention to details more than arnivyirl, so arnivyirl is not more fastidious than izaulxpkld
dfvoqbddlk pays attention to details more than xfllneonbo, so xfllneonbo is not more fastidious than dfvoqbddlk
gtjrt wants a boyfriend more than bqbycwailjp, so gtjrt is more lonely than bqbycwailjp
qhjto wants a boyfriend more than mqlptp, so qhjto is more lonely than mqlptp
ncog wants a boyfriend more than hktmtsf, so ncog is more lonely than hktmtsf
yrziwp wants a boyfriend more than inmxfaektkcq, so yrziwp is more lonely than inmxfaektkcq
absl wants a boyfriend more than egzvc, so absl is more lonely than egzvc
lfdlassxeny wants a boyfriend more than jsyhfokpn, so jsyhfokpn is less lonely than lfdlassxeny
tyd wants a boyfriend more than lltfexyqfx, so lltfexyqfx is less lonely than tyd
riadtqwoq wants a boyfriend more than khvpeb, so khvpeb is less lonely than riadtqwoq
dhgd wants a boyfriend more than ixjaczcnxa, so ixjaczcnxa is less lonely than dhgd
tqtvv wants a boyfriend more than thxdc, so thxdc is less lonely than tqtvv
awtyfmh wants a boyfriend more than vdw, so awtyfmh is not less lonely than vdw
rfff wants a boyfriend more than mgoddurih, so rfff is not less lonely than mgoddurih
kohaa wants a boyfriend more than tpzawhn, so kohaa is not less lonely than tpzawhn
myeoxsifxlw wants a boyfriend more than mfvgonnlxyq, so myeoxsifxlw is not less lonely than mfvgonnlxyq
zxae wants a boyfriend more than xexxllyjizis, so zxae is not less lonely than xexxllyjizis
wjk wants a boyfriend more than zgj, so zgj is not more lonely than wjk
ycmngklmp wants a boyfriend more than fmytscbwhq, so fmytscbwhq is not more lonely than ycmngklmp
fbg wants a boyfriend more than rue, so rue is not more lonely than fbg
ghptapznref wants a boyfriend more than mdaanqdqc, so mdaanqdqc is not more lonely than ghptapznref
tyfiol wants a boyfriend more than ouww, so ouww is not more lonely than tyfiol
dsqalgtvbesa completes their year more than yowfdmmm, so dsqalgtvbesa is less accomplished than yowfdmmm
orfyl completes their year more than vzg, so orfyl is less accomplished than vzg
onno completes their year more than amhyrqoj, so onno is less accomplished than amhyrqoj
bcmqzczuwa completes their year more than aqpvfeett, so bcmqzczuwa is less accomplished than aqpvfeett
acxbvqxycryu completes their year more than potvjjg, so acxbvqxycryu is less accomplished than potvjjg
wefycezelyrl completes their year more than nqyglh, so nqyglh is less accomplished than wefycezelyrl
mjww completes their year more than kbooygp, so kbooygp is less accomplished than mjww
gihe completes their year more than hetxzpjhu, so hetxzpjhu is less accomplished than gihe
adwzktd completes their year more than ort, so ort is less accomplished than adwzktd
zoxx completes their year more than agvuumqg, so agvuumqg is less accomplished than zoxx
uucpxxeyec completes their year more than lxaxfa, so uucpxxeyec is not less accomplished than lxaxfa
wohamvo completes their year more than mbb, so wohamvo is not less accomplished than mbb
fyruc completes their year more than fhftybu, so fyruc is not less accomplished than fhftybu
qhrss completes their year more than iwgytkfk, so qhrss is not less accomplished than iwgytkfk
dfxxytpjg completes their year more than vxxrje, so dfxxytpjg is not less accomplished than vxxrje
whzjetnslhm completes their year more than msi, so msi is not more accomplished than whzjetnslhm
vih completes their year more than hsbouyemwudy, so hsbouyemwudy is not more accomplished than vih
ycidjvowsgp completes their year more than bupledble, so bupledble is not more accomplished than ycidjvowsgp
mgaeibglawe completes their year more than zhtdoxmc, so zhtdoxmc is not more accomplished than mgaeibglawe
pwfgw completes their year more than faanwvaji, so faanwvaji is not more accomplished than pwfgw
uwahhfy takes three hours more than etqkv, so uwahhfy is more patient than etqkv
znt takes three hours more than kqeiidbwe, so znt is more patient than kqeiidbwe
vtuodhlsxqtx takes three hours more than swgwajs, so vtuodhlsxqtx is more patient than swgwajs
uegtfcv takes three hours more than jlounoeuw, so uegtfcv is more patient than jlounoeuw
nrnx takes three hours more than vyiyvg, so nrnx is more patient than vyiyvg
xngubcsbxj takes three hours more than atmu, so atmu is less patient than xngubcsbxj
iakhesj takes three hours more than gbavqtrkrxe, so gbavqtrkrxe is less patient than iakhesj
efshi takes three hours more than zewlfnq, so zewlfnq is less patient than efshi
ksrb takes three hours more than dlcombd, so dlcombd is less patient than ksrb
evghwhxg takes three hours more than qsxg, so qsxg is less patient than evghwhxg
bbeg takes three hours more than ldwygziywe, so bbeg is not less patient than ldwygziywe
lrfl takes three hours more than tbhmkls, so lrfl is not less patient than tbhmkls
atwus takes three hours more than waea, so atwus is not less patient than waea
diyr takes three hours more than zkk, so diyr is not less patient than zkk
nkonyw takes three hours more than liqwagmx, so nkonyw is not less patient than liqwagmx
oeuhrddgdczp takes three hours more than bgef, so bgef is not less patient than oeuhrddgdczp
bvanvorc takes three hours more than zqifgsf, so zqifgsf is not less patient than bvanvorc
umjbswh takes three hours more than vqgirta, so vqgirta is not less patient than umjbswh
rytbhxvlw takes three hours more than gqxhfzqor, so gqxhfzqor is not less patient than rytbhxvlw
fvgtvbrvkdq takes three hours more than ztqsxihw, so ztqsxihw is not less patient than fvgtvbrvkdq
nlpjasysgcbf is n't paying much attention while ivzyghhaqzef is, so nlpjasysgcbf is more disinterested than ivzyghhaqzef
yqyn is n't paying much attention while klppmjetwwq is, so yqyn is more disinterested than klppmjetwwq
wrdgue is n't paying much attention while ydyyqt is, so wrdgue is more disinterested than ydyyqt
wessrns is n't paying much attention while ttgqaloqfjh is, so wessrns is more disinterested than ttgqaloqfjh
yzds is n't paying much attention while phn is, so yzds is more disinterested than phn
ywfimphq is n't paying much attention to lmsjwtgxz, so lmsjwtgxz is less disinterested than ywfimphq
gyfvmhiioq is n't paying much attention to ouupljnk, so ouupljnk is less disinterested than gyfvmhiioq
tuxnes is n't paying much attention to kfcztxm, so kfcztxm is less disinterested than tuxnes
eizuu is n't paying much attention to taxfnfihltsv, so taxfnfihltsv is less disinterested than eizuu
comeg is n't paying much attention to zjgjemksum, so zjgjemksum is less disinterested than comeg
rxqpwqiifq is n't paying much attention while tnxkulzm is, so rxqpwqiifq is not less disinterested than tnxkulzm
lyivuswmg is n't paying much attention while mkmhlm is, so lyivuswmg is not less disinterested than mkmhlm
ltzbdrco is n't paying much attention while irmng is, so ltzbdrco is not less disinterested than irmng
erxxqhvoh is n't paying much attention while oovk is, so erxxqhvoh is not less disinterested than oovk
poxsuy is n't paying much attention while gnwacayacx is, so poxsuy is not less disinterested than gnwacayacx
jpavjbim is n't paying much attention while rqhgwkzbd is, so rqhgwkzbd is not more disinterested than jpavjbim
uqehmk is n't paying much attention while kkirmbhn is, so kkirmbhn is not more disinterested than uqehmk
royaumz is n't paying much attention while qaecpk is, so qaecpk is not more disinterested than royaumz
cpkkcidjf is n't paying much attention while btbxptr is, so btbxptr is not more disinterested than cpkkcidjf
eaeboo is n't paying much attention while kbwytudnotb is, so kbwytudnotb is not more disinterested than eaeboo
wzzmdfgfnkt is on vacation in florida more than yrgwnx, so wzzmdfgfnkt is more adventurous than yrgwnx
qotphtt is on vacation in florida more than loqcihwit, so qotphtt is more adventurous than loqcihwit
yatfz is on vacation in florida more than ccemdbwmjxwk, so yatfz is more adventurous than ccemdbwmjxwk
mrozwzv is on vacation in florida more than rpxaedorxnl, so mrozwzv is more adventurous than rpxaedorxnl
wpvjfnhm is on vacation in florida more than nfmznutoh, so wpvjfnhm is more adventurous than nfmznutoh
axpl is on vacation in florida more than dfirnmwx, so dfirnmwx is less adventurous than axpl
bqshoibl is on vacation in florida more than axfy, so axfy is less adventurous than bqshoibl
pvnlyjspa is on vacation in florida more than tyalgo, so tyalgo is less adventurous than pvnlyjspa
kbljmmcya is on vacation in florida more than wfpdi, so wfpdi is less adventurous than kbljmmcya
tdz is on vacation in florida more than wpluw, so wpluw is less adventurous than tdz
fqpwvfoqvl is on vacation in florida more than tuy, so fqpwvfoqvl is not less adventurous than tuy
vsegjfa is on vacation in florida more than gderyevhsfwp, so vsegjfa is not less adventurous than gderyevhsfwp
wdlx is on vacation in florida more than vxdteeimxtkd, so wdlx is not less adventurous than vxdteeimxtkd
ydkksx is on vacation in florida more than ynpee, so ydkksx is not less adventurous than ynpee
abzszygtf is on vacation in florida more than ydunisyet, so abzszygtf is not less adventurous than ydunisyet
jrclkvfsp is on vacation in florida more than wfvyemcjjz, so wfvyemcjjz is not more adventurous than jrclkvfsp
twjiw is on vacation in florida more than cbeos, so cbeos is not more adventurous than twjiw
wiarce is on vacation in florida more than zazi, so zazi is not more adventurous than wiarce
ombswy is on vacation in florida more than xswiqyq, so xswiqyq is not more adventurous than ombswy
faccdapsdfvd is on vacation in florida more than uyrw, so uyrw is not more adventurous than faccdapsdfvd
aemrwebfgjo tells the teacher more than qjbckzawudw, so aemrwebfgjo is more dork than qjbckzawudw
sajylxwvwjkn tells the teacher more than lexkmprbr, so sajylxwvwjkn is more dork than lexkmprbr
ipnscn tells the teacher more than mvixusch, so ipnscn is more dork than mvixusch
pdd tells the teacher more than zwhdlur, so pdd is more dork than zwhdlur
comco tells the teacher more than qwnbvxyhoeo, so comco is more dork than qwnbvxyhoeo
vwawlgrneog tells the teacher more than scrrywbobnz, so scrrywbobnz is less dork than vwawlgrneog
xqkrywgezea tells the teacher more than zhnyocgmwvgx, so zhnyocgmwvgx is less dork than xqkrywgezea
dmqk tells the teacher more than kxb, so kxb is less dork than dmqk
kgcsqsskjhbi tells the teacher more than mgwr, so mgwr is less dork than kgcsqsskjhbi
uyu tells the teacher more than rkuhzotfrmbf, so rkuhzotfrmbf is less dork than uyu
tzjytympud tells the teacher more than hfsshx, so tzjytympud is not less dork than hfsshx
eru tells the teacher more than iis, so eru is not less dork than iis
onvgd tells the teacher more than fdovflirj, so onvgd is not less dork than fdovflirj
vyrrzzopxspe tells the teacher more than dfkhlhjtoanp, so vyrrzzopxspe is not less dork than dfkhlhjtoanp
qczpazaxtgs tells the teacher more than yaysukw, so qczpazaxtgs is not less dork than yaysukw
kdlmvccmvrm tells the teacher more than hqaweafnsys, so hqaweafnsys is not more dork than kdlmvccmvrm
baktfrmeyiwk tells the teacher more than vgwdj, so vgwdj is not more dork than baktfrmeyiwk
dhuch tells the teacher more than ubtjknsuc, so ubtjknsuc is not more dork than dhuch
hgch tells the teacher more than zuaohozobt, so zuaohozobt is not more dork than hgch
ieozshw tells the teacher more than rzyph, so rzyph is not more dork than ieozshw
klmgriunbed makes a doctor 's appointment more than zopsd, so klmgriunbed is more responsible than zopsd
ozow makes a doctor 's appointment more than xyqyovonvp, so ozow is more responsible than xyqyovonvp
caq makes a doctor 's appointment more than dzd, so caq is more responsible than dzd
owseifgkhquo makes a doctor 's appointment more than pud, so owseifgkhquo is more responsible than pud
vsxbodnd makes a doctor 's appointment more than fftdb, so vsxbodnd is more responsible than fftdb
nzsgs makes a doctor 's appointment more than ogpjrxbsc, so ogpjrxbsc is less responsible than nzsgs
kwrghb makes a doctor 's appointment more than ppy, so ppy is less responsible than kwrghb
uzvwwt makes a doctor 's appointment more than mrqpm, so mrqpm is less responsible than uzvwwt
jcjmgrgkjp makes a doctor 's appointment more than tptt, so tptt is less responsible than jcjmgrgkjp
jzwyurvc makes a doctor 's appointment more than rwktntucf, so rwktntucf is less responsible than jzwyurvc
rusmqk makes a doctor 's appointment more than ipszeephis, so rusmqk is not less responsible than ipszeephis
qyldvk makes a doctor 's appointment more than ueqrltldcub, so qyldvk is not less responsible than ueqrltldcub
ccqndxgjzts makes a doctor 's appointment more than twnsssfpdtdk, so ccqndxgjzts is not less responsible than twnsssfpdtdk
upglsnyezly makes a doctor 's appointment more than rjdcnsjfnv, so upglsnyezly is not less responsible than rjdcnsjfnv
ksvnnqr makes a doctor 's appointment more than mwnqab, so ksvnnqr is not less responsible than mwnqab
nkqmybolwtbj makes a doctor 's appointment more than mgjx, so mgjx is not more responsible than nkqmybolwtbj
bynosxil makes a doctor 's appointment more than jksdbbot, so jksdbbot is not more responsible than bynosxil
lvfbgioqtji makes a doctor 's appointment more than lnefeqcym, so lnefeqcym is not more responsible than lvfbgioqtji
eajpcm makes a doctor 's appointment more than gddocrn, so gddocrn is not more responsible than eajpcm
evvhpjlkfiyd makes a doctor 's appointment more than ahlapuxlroxy, so ahlapuxlroxy is not more responsible than evvhpjlkfiyd
vsol writes another person letter more than svjnvizqgow, so vsol is more friendly than svjnvizqgow
eaidtyn writes another person letter more than wdgbfqai, so eaidtyn is more friendly than wdgbfqai
wsrnzxsat writes another person letter more than iout, so wsrnzxsat is more friendly than iout
tlfskwoi writes another person letter more than ppsonewicl, so tlfskwoi is more friendly than ppsonewicl
fcjfbucta writes another person letter more than yskwak, so fcjfbucta is more friendly than yskwak
esmycmwv writes another person letter more than rrxhxakq, so rrxhxakq is less friendly than esmycmwv
wyeaqgrlz writes another person letter more than squi, so squi is less friendly than wyeaqgrlz
lsabxxggzoje writes another person letter more than dlmlovdazj, so dlmlovdazj is less friendly than lsabxxggzoje
iktndrtykb writes another person letter more than ngwmsldnbmz, so ngwmsldnbmz is less friendly than iktndrtykb
lxouvkzqtc writes another person letter more than ztehwvb, so ztehwvb is less friendly than lxouvkzqtc
yac writes another person letter more than qjzxwp, so yac is not less friendly than qjzxwp
gbpqajvuuy writes another person letter more than ijf, so gbpqajvuuy is not less friendly than ijf
xdkowo writes another person letter more than yvnvfhassymj, so xdkowo is not less friendly than yvnvfhassymj
wyzrjm writes another person letter more than ghzxszp, so wyzrjm is not less friendly than ghzxszp
xjlb writes another person letter more than zwe, so xjlb is not less friendly than zwe
rbb writes another person letter more than forastyuy, so forastyuy is not more friendly than rbb
ogafppmxcyx writes another person letter more than wmd, so wmd is not more friendly than ogafppmxcyx
fgrpkzpsw writes another person letter more than iqoykrxrqvd, so iqoykrxrqvd is not more friendly than fgrpkzpsw
fsmbon writes another person letter more than jumjjkkwn, so jumjjkkwn is not more friendly than fsmbon
hxkradihwwt writes another person letter more than nrnwr, so nrnwr is not more friendly than hxkradihwwt
bmvlk wears their helmet more than lzxfmeeh, so bmvlk is more safe than lzxfmeeh
nmmffxkyqy wears their helmet more than bgvhzbynw, so nmmffxkyqy is more safe than bgvhzbynw
yuincknw wears their helmet more than hwpyyqexm, so yuincknw is more safe than hwpyyqexm
pqkflthtafis wears their helmet more than dyezhipm, so pqkflthtafis is more safe than dyezhipm
svds wears their helmet more than bspqafeeudj, so svds is more safe than bspqafeeudj
vakxson wears their helmet more than alphm, so alphm is less safe than vakxson
yearxgnx wears their helmet more than lgk, so lgk is less safe than yearxgnx
ibjzn wears their helmet more than lwy, so lwy is less safe than ibjzn
xmf wears their helmet more than xexvasacziiq, so xexvasacziiq is less safe than xmf
zkboxnfpcy wears their helmet more than aovjdivvvl, so aovjdivvvl is less safe than zkboxnfpcy
ejngohrn wears their helmet more than dilzjilchmra, so ejngohrn is not less safe than dilzjilchmra
dcgqwsyoem wears their helmet more than zqkzyna, so dcgqwsyoem is not less safe than zqkzyna
frqq wears their helmet more than xddjp, so frqq is not less safe than xddjp
wknrsa wears their helmet more than wtr, so wknrsa is not less safe than wtr
nhouuifmqya wears their helmet more than eiparyvgkivq, so nhouuifmqya is not less safe than eiparyvgkivq
gberpmpcvwi wears their helmet more than liltoy, so liltoy is not more safe than gberpmpcvwi
zbsdakeow wears their helmet more than pueyvyuek, so pueyvyuek is not more safe than zbsdakeow
pirlcxtm wears their helmet more than wqnd, so wqnd is not more safe than pirlcxtm
esevq wears their helmet more than yxdrjk, so yxdrjk is not more safe than esevq
xvsq wears their helmet more than wzahyuosp, so wzahyuosp is not more safe than xvsq
ugpsuylreb takes the train more than eiqwrobpc, so ugpsuylreb is more lazy than eiqwrobpc
tuubdfclhaz takes the train more than dihrzwhx, so tuubdfclhaz is more lazy than dihrzwhx
dqz takes the train more than jwvm, so dqz is more lazy than jwvm
jxwneaumpg takes the train more than sptq, so jxwneaumpg is more lazy than sptq
oaoheeluavrt takes the train more than sbfqigxcgvb, so oaoheeluavrt is more lazy than sbfqigxcgvb
tgif takes the train more than inhbie, so inhbie is less lazy than tgif
oekvpamkyrya takes the train more than ngub, so ngub is less lazy than oekvpamkyrya
pjnoxewpfwj takes the train more than tnvishxf, so tnvishxf is less lazy than pjnoxewpfwj
alcy takes the train more than kzlqdfq, so kzlqdfq is less lazy than alcy
szyhoseo takes the train more than jgk, so jgk is less lazy than szyhoseo
pcdh takes the train more than tvermwcmgpmd, so pcdh is not less lazy than tvermwcmgpmd
dvb takes the train more than vxpnk, so dvb is not less lazy than vxpnk
cifudhqzh takes the train more than vremjcwtlsx, so cifudhqzh is not less lazy than vremjcwtlsx
fwlwubawd takes the train more than ctfznrg, so fwlwubawd is not less lazy than ctfznrg
fbm takes the train more than mcateh, so fbm is not less lazy than mcateh
ifg takes the train more than qezsyag, so qezsyag is not more lazy than ifg
lakndilrwt takes the train more than oyoigpasfvtp, so oyoigpasfvtp is not more lazy than lakndilrwt
vsirtg takes the train more than upwvpvej, so upwvpvej is not more lazy than vsirtg
lhlkw takes the train more than nngky, so nngky is not more lazy than lhlkw
wjlzi takes the train more than sisyrkcn, so sisyrkcn is not more lazy than wjlzi
lwhqkay takes the dog to the vet more than pdyqqruqif, so lwhqkay is more concerned than pdyqqruqif
rnidvbf takes the dog to the vet more than yviuhcqnu, so rnidvbf is more concerned than yviuhcqnu
cmshdxf takes the dog to the vet more than jopijwqfvqp, so cmshdxf is more concerned than jopijwqfvqp
aiqetsgumfjp takes the dog to the vet more than npthycj, so aiqetsgumfjp is more concerned than npthycj
smxvexnxn takes the dog to the vet more than fqysohdnsi, so smxvexnxn is more concerned than fqysohdnsi
jrskuy takes the dog to the vet more than afh, so afh is less concerned than jrskuy
yeofanvxiux takes the dog to the vet more than nxf, so nxf is less concerned than yeofanvxiux
izeqpscc takes the dog to the vet more than hdywkcgqc, so hdywkcgqc is less concerned than izeqpscc
jnbvinbfoeu takes the dog to the vet more than fajm, so fajm is less concerned than jnbvinbfoeu
waqzyhpjtzep takes the dog to the vet more than ssnfgkhcdk, so ssnfgkhcdk is less concerned than waqzyhpjtzep
dhljnvoxakan takes the dog to the vet more than drvvflukbmkk, so dhljnvoxakan is not less concerned than drvvflukbmkk
swy takes the dog to the vet more than mqhahweoids, so swy is not less concerned than mqhahweoids
ssqs takes the dog to the vet more than iiccevlmc, so ssqs is not less concerned than iiccevlmc
napqtwf takes the dog to the vet more than gnsszzpytzu, so napqtwf is not less concerned than gnsszzpytzu
blvlpovvzf takes the dog to the vet more than otvjrg, so blvlpovvzf is not less concerned than otvjrg
zjhsgycww takes the dog to the vet more than trhikxl, so trhikxl is not more concerned than zjhsgycww
lof takes the dog to the vet more than ikrsn, so ikrsn is not more concerned than lof
vbp takes the dog to the vet more than oqd, so oqd is not more concerned than vbp
zzajglnjrsw takes the dog to the vet more than zhm, so zhm is not more concerned than zzajglnjrsw
xni takes the dog to the vet more than wghhswott, so wghhswott is not more concerned than xni
vqitmaikmuhh feels like forever more than kbcywunnfng, so vqitmaikmuhh is more determined than kbcywunnfng
ezgns feels like forever more than tts, so ezgns is more determined than tts
papxumadfue feels like forever more than xnexqg, so papxumadfue is more determined than xnexqg
kfbdmkc feels like forever more than ocdgkqdsoe, so kfbdmkc is more determined than ocdgkqdsoe
tsxrkixcvge feels like forever more than tbouvrtysppf, so tsxrkixcvge is more determined than tbouvrtysppf
gqkulahnwmbn has been alive for more than wcgvrgfpo, so wcgvrgfpo is less determined than gqkulahnwmbn
dzqxsfftyze has been alive for more than zqeuofh, so zqeuofh is less determined than dzqxsfftyze
mnpxbdbok has been alive for more than tkr, so tkr is less determined than mnpxbdbok
mgqkqnp has been alive for more than zzsmpnng, so zzsmpnng is less determined than mgqkqnp
zyffu has been alive for more than ptneilshu, so ptneilshu is less determined than zyffu
qhh has been alive for more feels like forever than wbzjnwf, so qhh is not less determined than wbzjnwf
wun has been alive for more feels like forever than rcinn, so wun is not less determined than rcinn
xenvw has been alive for more feels like forever than ftspguvphg, so xenvw is not less determined than ftspguvphg
ubi has been alive for more feels like forever than wrhuphq, so ubi is not less determined than wrhuphq
hohye has been alive for more feels like forever than wyqyngvv, so hohye is not less determined than wyqyngvv
uewixmck feels like forever more than sdsf, so sdsf is not more determined than uewixmck
mtpzoawwjgc feels like forever more than ohbqyc, so ohbqyc is not more determined than mtpzoawwjgc
xkki feels like forever more than cunpzvepteno, so cunpzvepteno is not more determined than xkki
refw feels like forever more than rdsmosjx, so rdsmosjx is not more determined than refw
pazob feels like forever more than qatvkwgh, so qatvkwgh is not more determined than pazob
dugpcvdhj has a seat more than qjujyxtam, so dugpcvdhj is more glad than qjujyxtam
gkc has a seat more than ikrth, so gkc is more glad than ikrth
rrhknltguyvc has a seat more than fon, so rrhknltguyvc is more glad than fon
kovo has a seat more than iqufe, so kovo is more glad than iqufe
zpmxxn has a seat more than ntbhimtdtq, so zpmxxn is more glad than ntbhimtdtq
axuhryupmmbp has a seat more than kibppgdsao, so kibppgdsao is less glad than axuhryupmmbp
qbkoykcwhtcc has a seat more than ifmgm, so ifmgm is less glad than qbkoykcwhtcc
usaux has a seat more than zzr, so zzr is less glad than usaux
hwezl has a seat more than nbrlvo, so nbrlvo is less glad than hwezl
yupy has a seat more than zuzluywpipy, so zuzluywpipy is less glad than yupy
sham has a seat more than tzgl, so sham is not less glad than tzgl
htimxck has a seat more than egvbddoonjgi, so htimxck is not less glad than egvbddoonjgi
ovebiwvm has a seat more than zjnacgtf, so ovebiwvm is not less glad than zjnacgtf
xglyoufyux has a seat more than egk, so xglyoufyux is not less glad than egk
sjdymijcvmku has a seat more than hsmkbrzhxtxw, so sjdymijcvmku is not less glad than hsmkbrzhxtxw
ivlj has a seat more than flqcoaelyopb, so flqcoaelyopb is not more glad than ivlj
pfdcx has a seat more than sljnfsho, so sljnfsho is not more glad than pfdcx
cdqdloia has a seat more than niefb, so niefb is not more glad than cdqdloia
nfmq has a seat more than jpbiacbtegc, so jpbiacbtegc is not more glad than nfmq
uqt has a seat more than hapfsfqaxje, so hapfsfqaxje is not more glad than uqt
wwfxtkv loses money more than swbjoebf, so wwfxtkv is more a gambler than swbjoebf
xxpskit loses money more than ggzmcdc, so xxpskit is more a gambler than ggzmcdc
ikvsqdzitq loses money more than oosorudbbswq, so ikvsqdzitq is more a gambler than oosorudbbswq
yetflwbdaq loses money more than rmhyojiucoyy, so yetflwbdaq is more a gambler than rmhyojiucoyy
akzzszc loses money more than bvryyfihx, so akzzszc is more a gambler than bvryyfihx
ckrnnsvowrzw loses money more than lxigzsrohu, so lxigzsrohu is less a gambler than ckrnnsvowrzw
zwehwqf loses money more than znftj, so znftj is less a gambler than zwehwqf
sseoeu loses money more than rswwllge, so rswwllge is less a gambler than sseoeu
qnalsdkn loses money more than nhwb, so nhwb is less a gambler than qnalsdkn
cefhqh loses money more than twbohclgnng, so twbohclgnng is less a gambler than cefhqh
alhielqiejg loses money more than bivit, so alhielqiejg is not less a gambler than bivit
dje loses money more than jkjpa, so dje is not less a gambler than jkjpa
tbdrabrsrxbk loses money more than srelio, so tbdrabrsrxbk is not less a gambler than srelio
ayschvlnuzv loses money more than tkvjjkukibm, so ayschvlnuzv is not less a gambler than tkvjjkukibm
byuyitpxrktp loses money more than acckumuw, so byuyitpxrktp is not less a gambler than acckumuw
nutkyavnymdy loses money more than umxy, so umxy is not more of a gambler than nutkyavnymdy
nbhcsriwig loses money more than forjgbtz, so forjgbtz is not more of a gambler than nbhcsriwig
abwdp loses money more than nvwuvs, so nvwuvs is not more of a gambler than abwdp
oqow loses money more than lwe, so lwe is not more of a gambler than oqow
evslrebhs loses money more than lrwwy, so lrwwy is not more of a gambler than evslrebhs
hlgtnpuxv talks to another person's boss more than pacatpwgpc, so hlgtnpuxv is more considerate than pacatpwgpc
zkqlxe talks to another person's boss more than ehsuebhnsel, so zkqlxe is more considerate than ehsuebhnsel
qcv talks to another person's boss more than znnzfovyrd, so qcv is more considerate than znnzfovyrd
zmz talks to another person's boss more than lernnd, so zmz is more considerate than lernnd
pwhciy talks to another person's boss more than ipe, so pwhciy is more considerate than ipe
ggg talks to another person's boss more than dnkzsryojzfo, so dnkzsryojzfo is less considerate than ggg
hil talks to another person's boss more than bwxqfnzpqluq, so bwxqfnzpqluq is less considerate than hil
jbvejadqcbe talks to another person's boss more than wbu, so wbu is less considerate than jbvejadqcbe
yerwtirn talks to another person's boss more than thbpemqqudg, so thbpemqqudg is less considerate than yerwtirn
glsxh talks to another person's boss more than ndrtjagmpdi, so ndrtjagmpdi is less considerate than glsxh
yfk talks to another person's boss more than ylyamwizv, so yfk is not less considerate than ylyamwizv
jxdhadk talks to another person's boss more than ikufmeena, so jxdhadk is not less considerate than ikufmeena
cxntjpvg talks to another person's boss more than ueii, so cxntjpvg is not less considerate than ueii
oksoxdnmy talks to another person's boss more than nncocbrfgqzd, so oksoxdnmy is not less considerate than nncocbrfgqzd
bcujjfdusz talks to another person's boss more than byxwb, so bcujjfdusz is not less considerate than byxwb
ryla talks to another person's boss more than uqg, so uqg is not more considerate than ryla
uhcigqioykdp talks to another person's boss more than tkgszqur, so tkgszqur is not more considerate than uhcigqioykdp
hfsivfu talks to another person's boss more than aothiqf, so aothiqf is not more considerate than hfsivfu
uzozp talks to another person's boss more than epkqvyhjiwsy, so epkqvyhjiwsy is not more considerate than uzozp
olzqcxzx talks to another person's boss more than ugdobfaixpyz, so ugdobfaixpyz is not more considerate than olzqcxzx
rvzlwwivefse eats another person out of house and home more than kvkbqi, so rvzlwwivefse is more social than kvkbqi
hpgz eats another person out of house and home more than xrqlwf, so hpgz is more social than xrqlwf
gbhzhqkays eats another person out of house and home more than xvscsmmagwbr, so gbhzhqkays is more social than xvscsmmagwbr
wovu eats another person out of house and home more than yqoyiuark, so wovu is more social than yqoyiuark
awzdzezg eats another person out of house and home more than rkenkvuwdpjm, so awzdzezg is more social than rkenkvuwdpjm
zjwieczeii eats another person out of house and home more than cbn, so cbn is less social than zjwieczeii
ocncifrp eats another person out of house and home more than nwscibgslteo, so nwscibgslteo is less social than ocncifrp
rxdq eats another person out of house and home more than qyunlgmbhthd, so qyunlgmbhthd is less social than rxdq
ahnejkfya eats another person out of house and home more than xkyvfuhx, so xkyvfuhx is less social than ahnejkfya
src eats another person out of house and home more than hrttcszrdov, so hrttcszrdov is less social than src
ybcqpim eats another person out of house and home more than wuwqonsiowi, so ybcqpim is not less social than wuwqonsiowi
lnwbfa eats another person out of house and home more than xdjysgp, so lnwbfa is not less social than xdjysgp
cjiurxwi eats another person out of house and home more than msjrzx, so cjiurxwi is not less social than msjrzx
zdhi eats another person out of house and home more than zqc, so zdhi is not less social than zqc
lgmbrh eats another person out of house and home more than zqykbpdd, so lgmbrh is not less social than zqykbpdd
snioha eats another person out of house and home more than sddqwtmdeh, so sddqwtmdeh is not more social than snioha
nhyhsokw eats another person out of house and home more than ojt, so ojt is not more social than nhyhsokw
aedymcinflly eats another person out of house and home more than dgobvs, so dgobvs is not more social than aedymcinflly
jzfikoa eats another person out of house and home more than arfdxtvzzyd, so arfdxtvzzyd is not more social than jzfikoa
plxkiozmrvkl eats another person out of house and home more than cbl, so cbl is not more social than plxkiozmrvkl
xhnueiilpjta swims at the local pool more than eurkyougz, so xhnueiilpjta is more community spirited than eurkyougz
dpimmsthwlq swims at the local pool more than soaggvo, so dpimmsthwlq is more community spirited than soaggvo
gucmpiogxnyx swims at the local pool more than xtoufud, so gucmpiogxnyx is more community spirited than xtoufud
fxdxjqqnad swims at the local pool more than gaxr, so fxdxjqqnad is more community spirited than gaxr
sqrpljte swims at the local pool more than esnlvdczhcw, so sqrpljte is more community spirited than esnlvdczhcw
fgwkimrcbbdo swims at the local pool more than rnvyyoydth, so rnvyyoydth is less community spirited than fgwkimrcbbdo
bvuntrqlgzes swims at the local pool more than ntzxgcsks, so ntzxgcsks is less community spirited than bvuntrqlgzes
mgh swims at the local pool more than wodnmplzwdi, so wodnmplzwdi is less community spirited than mgh
ksbgajze swims at the local pool more than mrqv, so mrqv is less community spirited than ksbgajze
zdvizl swims at the local pool more than iox, so iox is less community spirited than zdvizl
piz swims at the local pool more than waahajdoz, so piz is not less community spirited than waahajdoz
wusnqloozx swims at the local pool more than tvhaoxxmw, so wusnqloozx is not less community spirited than tvhaoxxmw
nzwa swims at the local pool more than jdjuyipteqd, so nzwa is not less community spirited than jdjuyipteqd
smuonxqytxx swims at the local pool more than gtxlnwzjbw, so smuonxqytxx is not less community spirited than gtxlnwzjbw
msciqdpd swims at the local pool more than doofuatyvvl, so msciqdpd is not less community spirited than doofuatyvvl
iqn swims at the local pool more than fhcdf, so fhcdf is not more community spirited than iqn
dwaoz swims at the local pool more than gcps, so gcps is not more community spirited than dwaoz
smtgxkb swims at the local pool more than cfp, so cfp is not more community spirited than smtgxkb
gcnjodsg swims at the local pool more than xiyo, so xiyo is not more community spirited than gcnjodsg
atlpjgzuupwh swims at the local pool more than inb, so inb is not more community spirited than atlpjgzuupwh
okqtvwfh is sick and tired more than mwlyjykyp, so okqtvwfh is more cold than mwlyjykyp
hbbcnebn is sick and tired more than ddxhzvzsvtj, so hbbcnebn is more cold than ddxhzvzsvtj
wacytnmuz is sick and tired more than dwnrtjjpb, so wacytnmuz is more cold than dwnrtjjpb
dpxbskj is sick and tired more than gseiozjeg, so dpxbskj is more cold than gseiozjeg
hcs is sick and tired more than dxrwxyiu, so hcs is more cold than dxrwxyiu
tot is sick and tired more than nhfpenq, so nhfpenq is less cold than tot
vpwppzyzms is sick and tired more than kzi, so kzi is less cold than vpwppzyzms
bfmzv is sick and tired more than jtecwc, so jtecwc is less cold than bfmzv
ayevufbra is sick and tired more than mmt, so mmt is less cold than ayevufbra
hqaonphdpppr is sick and tired more than aarupa, so aarupa is less cold than hqaonphdpppr
zfxoojyd is sick and tired more than vgvj, so zfxoojyd is not less cold than vgvj
lcfitxvg is sick and tired more than munoxabgcdog, so lcfitxvg is not less cold than munoxabgcdog
issqav is sick and tired more than ldhdsa, so issqav is not less cold than ldhdsa
chfyj is sick and tired more than ocpazy, so chfyj is not less cold than ocpazy
zsjrfnrveiv is sick and tired more than crvhjld, so zsjrfnrveiv is not less cold than crvhjld
yphk is sick and tired more than fdcomzgf, so fdcomzgf is not more cold than yphk
usyta is sick and tired more than nrdkvozp, so nrdkvozp is not more cold than usyta
sbrdhngyvjco is sick and tired more than tzmitatnfw, so tzmitatnfw is not more cold than sbrdhngyvjco
viwtfvvslbz is sick and tired more than cza, so cza is not more cold than viwtfvvslbz
ftkjvjb is sick and tired more than kgiqkonlg, so kgiqkonlg is not more cold than ftkjvjb
vfpxwc asks to leave while vtux does not, so vfpxwc is more upset than vtux
iigqpjbm asks to leave while ndgbhn does not, so iigqpjbm is more upset than ndgbhn
rhanhbekgz asks to leave while pygi does not, so rhanhbekgz is more upset than pygi
uodwrgyktor asks to leave while vcarlsgf does not, so uodwrgyktor is more upset than vcarlsgf
qbtsfpbvak asks to leave while cojkj does not, so qbtsfpbvak is more upset than cojkj
hwyltfiyw asks to leave more than ytdniqceh, so ytdniqceh is less upset than hwyltfiyw
kysux asks to leave more than mvdslqmup, so mvdslqmup is less upset than kysux
jhgduqpjyi asks to leave more than wxwmqmkp, so wxwmqmkp is less upset than jhgduqpjyi
jjbewfgab asks to leave more than suqusfkqi, so suqusfkqi is less upset than jjbewfgab
ogavpbkiil asks to leave more than flhzaznqikih, so flhzaznqikih is less upset than ogavpbkiil
jrfwm asks to leave more than sbjxjc, so jrfwm is not less upset than sbjxjc
qipcqxysf asks to leave more than djb, so qipcqxysf is not less upset than djb
kcvep asks to leave more than trccezw, so kcvep is not less upset than trccezw
odam asks to leave more than ppigfof, so odam is not less upset than ppigfof
wasvfrst asks to leave more than ctxadsezrl, so wasvfrst is not less upset than ctxadsezrl
egxzk asks to leave more than ktvxix, so ktvxix is not more upset than egxzk
sbvbzgjmwydw asks to leave more than cdp, so cdp is not more upset than sbvbzgjmwydw
rmy asks to leave more than ldeixgglwdqb, so ldeixgglwdqb is not more upset than rmy
uaegbhnz asks to leave more than nceilvndjv, so nceilvndjv is not more upset than uaegbhnz
bpxccg asks to leave more than nfqxunil, so nfqxunil is not more upset than bpxccg
ijgdusf loves another person's motorcycle more than jgbnscgd, so ijgdusf is more jealous than jgbnscgd
rnjmswalo loves another person's motorcycle more than otzmrhoewd, so rnjmswalo is more jealous than otzmrhoewd
bgdd loves another person's motorcycle more than dyabwgutbv, so bgdd is more jealous than dyabwgutbv
afqyjilekl loves another person's motorcycle more than vkxetzn, so afqyjilekl is more jealous than vkxetzn
ourddb loves another person's motorcycle more than xzk, so ourddb is more jealous than xzk
qvgqlxc loves another person's motorcycle more than rzkj, so rzkj is more jealous than qvgqlxc
biehal loves another person's motorcycle more than mhuzlkcim, so mhuzlkcim is more jealous than biehal
cjqtei loves another person's motorcycle more than xepvesxc, so xepvesxc is more jealous than cjqtei
kgr loves another person's motorcycle more than ytzsdjzzbtk, so ytzsdjzzbtk is more jealous than kgr
ryq loves another person's motorcycle more than efwowsh, so efwowsh is more jealous than ryq
dvekwzbqebv loves another person's motorcycle more than qkiwm, so dvekwzbqebv is not less jealous than qkiwm
orxce loves another person's motorcycle more than vtccm, so orxce is not less jealous than vtccm
upwsrlegyopg loves another person's motorcycle more than cphlqewvlor, so upwsrlegyopg is not less jealous than cphlqewvlor
lanzmboecya loves another person's motorcycle more than jqfkhxsrt, so lanzmboecya is not less jealous than jqfkhxsrt
rxjqydry loves another person's motorcycle more than carpxv, so rxjqydry is not less jealous than carpxv
klazgm loves another person's motorcycle more than aypfwtqawsl, so aypfwtqawsl is not more jealous than klazgm
htrnsf loves another person's motorcycle more than lwl, so lwl is not more jealous than htrnsf
qta loves another person's motorcycle more than ghidumtg, so ghidumtg is not more jealous than qta
bbo loves another person's motorcycle more than pngosoih, so pngosoih is not more jealous than bbo
eaudrily loves another person's motorcycle more than nxicmu, so nxicmu is not more jealous than eaudrily
efowkte buys a new bike more than oxfyl, so efowkte is more acquisitive than oxfyl
wgd buys a new bike more than aaapkh, so wgd is more acquisitive than aaapkh
wpu buys a new bike more than lzwfwgaywt, so wpu is more acquisitive than lzwfwgaywt
fcy buys a new bike more than qgzbn, so fcy is more acquisitive than qgzbn
dzkqyjzctmeb buys a new bike more than guvj, so dzkqyjzctmeb is more acquisitive than guvj
zbdrzsfn buys a new bike more than hmdwq, so hmdwq is less acquisitive than zbdrzsfn
uphkwmq buys a new bike more than crh, so crh is less acquisitive than uphkwmq
qnhkmxpwlwpa buys a new bike more than sblms, so sblms is less acquisitive than qnhkmxpwlwpa
mbww buys a new bike more than nrburel, so nrburel is less acquisitive than mbww
zexvp buys a new bike more than wonncjkg, so wonncjkg is less acquisitive than zexvp
ueikzfzzhu buys a new bike more than ettyufmza, so ueikzfzzhu is not less acquisitive than ettyufmza
bayrkbnkvu buys a new bike more than iuzxfhbkdva, so bayrkbnkvu is not less acquisitive than iuzxfhbkdva
efl buys a new bike more than sqhyusgaxn, so efl is not less acquisitive than sqhyusgaxn
pcnsvl buys a new bike more than jztitjsrpdjf, so pcnsvl is not less acquisitive than jztitjsrpdjf
yyrfbhsrxze buys a new bike more than onomjmxcni, so yyrfbhsrxze is not less acquisitive than onomjmxcni
ypuebppfbi buys a new bike more than fxi, so fxi is not more acquisitive than ypuebppfbi
xjplohmhj buys a new bike more than eece, so eece is not more acquisitive than xjplohmhj
prxyinc buys a new bike more than iqqrlus, so iqqrlus is not more acquisitive than prxyinc
sgyqpgdyyn buys a new bike more than yxcbdrlwbz, so yxcbdrlwbz is not more acquisitive than sgyqpgdyyn
qpnizfioem buys a new bike more than hnkdgvxfmc, so hnkdgvxfmc is not more acquisitive than qpnizfioem
ivr calls the cops more than cnrxtuasmvgx, so ivr is more frightened than cnrxtuasmvgx
wxkl calls the cops more than recnvamahqxu, so wxkl is more frightened than recnvamahqxu
afhwxbndb calls the cops more than qcndt, so afhwxbndb is more frightened than qcndt
vkracctksac calls the cops more than sxsko, so vkracctksac is more frightened than sxsko
nedelegi calls the cops more than lfavyzbrhly, so nedelegi is more frightened than lfavyzbrhly
vvaa calls the cops more than oojttlhh, so oojttlhh is less frightened than vvaa
uifeifdyq calls the cops more than xdwcrenqsihj, so xdwcrenqsihj is less frightened than uifeifdyq
iiatnthbnf calls the cops more than jxmgj, so jxmgj is less frightened than iiatnthbnf
qkeezlesvjra calls the cops more than zvrxp, so zvrxp is less frightened than qkeezlesvjra
bgt calls the cops more than fyd, so fyd is less frightened than bgt
ohhbpgsuqrk calls the cops more than hqb, so ohhbpgsuqrk is not less frightened than hqb
jopsjqpm calls the cops more than zxusueczei, so jopsjqpm is not less frightened than zxusueczei
qdezecbzdo calls the cops more than enwnfvjijsh, so qdezecbzdo is not less frightened than enwnfvjijsh
xdvnxm calls the cops more than pvhoancuh, so xdvnxm is not less frightened than pvhoancuh
kiimd calls the cops more than xeiqxgrb, so kiimd is not less frightened than xeiqxgrb
euvratzgjs calls the cops more than qrkbcbvng, so qrkbcbvng is not more frightened than euvratzgjs
xmseqxldsto calls the cops more than lkkvfs, so lkkvfs is not more frightened than xmseqxldsto
xyznd calls the cops more than zcapvogspu, so zcapvogspu is not more frightened than xyznd
ihlnfira calls the cops more than okac, so okac is not more frightened than ihlnfira
zvhzuqfxdv calls the cops more than nrbe, so nrbe is not more frightened than zvhzuqfxdv
jkdqj performs their functions more than rjeoojn, so jkdqj is more excitable than rjeoojn
ozp performs their functions more than vbipm, so ozp is more excitable than vbipm
iagsrn performs their functions more than fiheeydduekx, so iagsrn is more excitable than fiheeydduekx
enamitxc performs their functions more than lgfvvtiodrpm, so enamitxc is more excitable than lgfvvtiodrpm
ajsbdorqz performs their functions more than mlmkumsi, so ajsbdorqz is more excitable than mlmkumsi
rzgv performs their functions more than lapiuwcaj, so lapiuwcaj is less excitable than rzgv
sjfcaandzs performs their functions more than pcrwkbozhlwb, so pcrwkbozhlwb is less excitable than sjfcaandzs
hjlazhwzcpic performs their functions more than zgoubt, so zgoubt is less excitable than hjlazhwzcpic
kiuemkdbtv performs their functions more than kbju, so kbju is less excitable than kiuemkdbtv
xzhqf performs their functions more than lwr, so lwr is less excitable than xzhqf
hzxzs performs their functions more than xtpx, so hzxzs is not less excitable than xtpx
hnpgim performs their functions more than bjyrahnqvhp, so hnpgim is not less excitable than bjyrahnqvhp
wcvdb performs their functions more than tlkr, so wcvdb is not less excitable than tlkr
lsarv performs their functions more than ehotue, so lsarv is not less excitable than ehotue
mwctbmfnfimj performs their functions more than lvle, so mwctbmfnfimj is not less excitable than lvle
sjpjoddcxn performs their functions more than fblh, so fblh is not more excitable than sjpjoddcxn
xgzvt performs their functions more than ary, so ary is not more excitable than xgzvt
ktlaoizzx performs their functions more than cbvzz, so cbvzz is not more excitable than ktlaoizzx
gpmgh performs their functions more than eqwz, so eqwz is not more excitable than gpmgh
hvwdjyp performs their functions more than dejyjijp, so dejyjijp is not more excitable than hvwdjyp
hnyaf risks another person's life more than cdge, so hnyaf is more dangerous than cdge
xctgca risks another person's life more than wcpzo, so xctgca is more dangerous than wcpzo
dgsbwhccbs risks another person's life more than bewxcptiztsv, so dgsbwhccbs is more dangerous than bewxcptiztsv
phrji risks another person's life more than iwmhdrsn, so phrji is more dangerous than iwmhdrsn
sgkysoakywp risks another person's life more than mtwtk, so sgkysoakywp is more dangerous than mtwtk
zzonmhiqlgm risks another person's life more than chwhfk, so chwhfk is less dangerous than zzonmhiqlgm
muykrerosjo risks another person's life more than jkipkdep, so jkipkdep is less dangerous than muykrerosjo
zveinm risks another person's life more than hxknskcioxz, so hxknskcioxz is less dangerous than zveinm
huhtxplmyn risks another person's life more than nzxd, so nzxd is less dangerous than huhtxplmyn
mvozhj risks another person's life more than jatwgbl, so jatwgbl is less dangerous than mvozhj
jttrhrv risks another person's life more than xfcapcxmhbu, so jttrhrv is not less dangerous than xfcapcxmhbu
hkpauj risks another person's life more than wbktmff, so hkpauj is not less dangerous than wbktmff
asghjsvrbwc risks another person's life more than cljulfblx, so asghjsvrbwc is not less dangerous than cljulfblx
rtqkozzlh risks another person's life more than awxx, so rtqkozzlh is not less dangerous than awxx
ypzekmbkykrb risks another person's life more than vchmzo, so ypzekmbkykrb is not less dangerous than vchmzo
ibm risks another person's life more than hcchueyoxppz, so hcchueyoxppz is not more dangerous than ibm
tmdul risks another person's life more than pkdeeae, so pkdeeae is not more dangerous than tmdul
nolba risks another person's life more than ipuwjipr, so ipuwjipr is not more dangerous than nolba
qmgf risks another person's life more than smfnkict, so smfnkict is not more dangerous than qmgf
yqqrh risks another person's life more than ixufcrcxtk, so ixufcrcxtk is not more dangerous than yqqrh
uchib shoots the messenger more than kziowsgyk, so uchib is less self defeating than kziowsgyk
vuqirhhx shoots the messenger more than xmmdrrysixhz, so vuqirhhx is less self defeating than xmmdrrysixhz
ofv shoots the messenger more than emxnlcnjynrr, so ofv is less self defeating than emxnlcnjynrr
tndn shoots the messenger more than nxnjj, so tndn is less self defeating than nxnjj
ddul shoots the messenger more than pmgigdvomt, so ddul is less self defeating than pmgigdvomt
luxbwqtvbxg shoots the messenger more than bnfxnbtxsn, so bnfxnbtxsn is less self defeating than luxbwqtvbxg
aqor shoots the messenger more than ofxqmenqsdi, so ofxqmenqsdi is less self defeating than aqor
kufzvvzmvbg shoots the messenger more than huuldgx, so huuldgx is less self defeating than kufzvvzmvbg
ucbj shoots the messenger more than jtern, so jtern is less self defeating than ucbj
qpwvjx shoots the messenger more than ekuvjkgw, so ekuvjkgw is less self defeating than qpwvjx
ynaoitz shoots the messenger more than sormcdjyavup, so ynaoitz is not less self defeating than sormcdjyavup
zbcmysmqgn shoots the messenger more than vedl, so zbcmysmqgn is not less self defeating than vedl
uypul shoots the messenger more than jsvuwcialbf, so uypul is not less self defeating than jsvuwcialbf
fyd shoots the messenger more than wzm, so fyd is not less self defeating than wzm
luqkabejoqe shoots the messenger more than jxeurmdseo, so luqkabejoqe is not less self defeating than jxeurmdseo
qthaamni shoots the messenger more than uaetncmozbpe, so uaetncmozbpe is not more self defeating than qthaamni
wnokarxd shoots the messenger more than xtbdr, so xtbdr is not more self defeating than wnokarxd
gcqboyrvmeob shoots the messenger more than hoqvtdihlg, so hoqvtdihlg is not more self defeating than gcqboyrvmeob
irzo shoots the messenger more than njqeitd, so njqeitd is not more self defeating than irzo
xrtpjucnbl shoots the messenger more than mcemkdduqcqn, so mcemkdduqcqn is not more self defeating than xrtpjucnbl
iefzflm arrives back home more than owkngpkcvhlb, so iefzflm is more restless than owkngpkcvhlb
pgev arrives back home more than gbpbujthgc, so pgev is more restless than gbpbujthgc
onilbqpm arrives back home more than yhrm, so onilbqpm is more restless than yhrm
uon arrives back home more than iumypzasn, so uon is more restless than iumypzasn
egyvt arrives back home more than uwxunbyyurod, so egyvt is more restless than uwxunbyyurod
mnqmrrnrjol arrives back home more than aifzuvqdqu, so aifzuvqdqu is less restless than mnqmrrnrjol
zokuitmmsjk arrives back home more than wjehtobezyd, so wjehtobezyd is less restless than zokuitmmsjk
rzfmaereqzxv arrives back home more than yjsroivuudo, so yjsroivuudo is less restless than rzfmaereqzxv
ugk arrives back home more than fkjqyqkplp, so fkjqyqkplp is less restless than ugk
rsjulwmqgftz arrives back home more than okgrorulgpq, so okgrorulgpq is less restless than rsjulwmqgftz
qpmnow arrives back home more than whyc, so qpmnow is not less restless than whyc
pgcr arrives back home more than bkqalvs, so pgcr is not less restless than bkqalvs
slkjjka arrives back home more than jvhlggc, so slkjjka is not less restless than jvhlggc
qnx arrives back home more than amidmpfafing, so qnx is not less restless than amidmpfafing
kasaekaz arrives back home more than zooucrrtj, so kasaekaz is not less restless than zooucrrtj
bxlkvhrjgb arrives back home more than unbnajxunic, so unbnajxunic is not more restless than bxlkvhrjgb
zeko arrives back home more than jvzae, so jvzae is not more restless than zeko
nsky arrives back home more than iwq, so iwq is not more restless than nsky
kxppforkbsxw arrives back home more than rvn, so rvn is not more restless than kxppforkbsxw
kuzcwibsayap arrives back home more than oepny, so oepny is not more restless than kuzcwibsayap
wypensu tells another person would go more than ivgiuzpdgoo, so wypensu is more controlling than ivgiuzpdgoo
bbsjztjhaft tells another person would go more than iso, so bbsjztjhaft is more controlling than iso
jjsfdgvaz tells another person would go more than bdampivxz, so jjsfdgvaz is more controlling than bdampivxz
ewakjtghoa tells another person would go more than cprp, so ewakjtghoa is more controlling than cprp
pcwkmy tells another person would go more than bobfyq, so pcwkmy is more controlling than bobfyq
wbqntznqia tells another person would go more than dcjdksftd, so dcjdksftd is less controlling than wbqntznqia
vkee tells another person would go more than vvozuq, so vvozuq is less controlling than vkee
gtimwgr tells another person would go more than cfvcefmjgm, so cfvcefmjgm is less controlling than gtimwgr
pncustnqku tells another person would go more than rivi, so rivi is less controlling than pncustnqku
qfoedmkly tells another person would go more than gqvwsvehxbk, so gqvwsvehxbk is less controlling than qfoedmkly
lkxacbcbn tells another person would go more than ftkbectvjf, so lkxacbcbn is not less controlling than ftkbectvjf
prhgbpzxxfnu tells another person would go more than smwt, so prhgbpzxxfnu is not less controlling than smwt
vuzsebb tells another person would go more than fzekfqiq, so vuzsebb is not less controlling than fzekfqiq
sxbwurjs tells another person would go more than pchm, so sxbwurjs is not less controlling than pchm
dzlj tells another person would go more than ydubjpdnpt, so dzlj is not less controlling than ydubjpdnpt
lht tells another person would go more than vrk, so vrk is not more controlling than lht
fti tells another person would go more than kjvttabr, so kjvttabr is not more controlling than fti
lhfazzaucxvq tells another person would go more than rfymhtrymdvz, so rfymhtrymdvz is not more controlling than lhfazzaucxvq
rmvc tells another person would go more than ldahxz, so ldahxz is not more controlling than rmvc
xihskzrgsnie tells another person would go more than nvizq, so nvizq is not more controlling than xihskzrgsnie
fxmxouiw starts looking for a new job more than bctas, so fxmxouiw is more hardworking than bctas
pkbykim starts looking for a new job more than fawmwlugpu, so pkbykim is more hardworking than fawmwlugpu
tbtvktf starts looking for a new job more than qumefbxdrme, so tbtvktf is more hardworking than qumefbxdrme
jtcmbqegvk starts looking for a new job more than dmtynirnamw, so jtcmbqegvk is more hardworking than dmtynirnamw
epnejodllx starts looking for a new job more than phsil, so epnejodllx is more hardworking than phsil
zzrsrsem starts looking for a new job more than jyfau, so jyfau is less hardworking than zzrsrsem
jtn starts looking for a new job more than vebqckgbnc, so vebqckgbnc is less hardworking than jtn
hwhvgokjn starts looking for a new job more than jsuvwcp, so jsuvwcp is less hardworking than hwhvgokjn
ewd starts looking for a new job more than opaiaywv, so opaiaywv is less hardworking than ewd
oyhdbxweidql starts looking for a new job more than akmupjxobn, so akmupjxobn is less hardworking than oyhdbxweidql
ivaffrfh starts looking for a new job more than gzw, so ivaffrfh is not less hardworking than gzw
jkgtudpwg starts looking for a new job more than lvu, so jkgtudpwg is not less hardworking than lvu
qoio starts looking for a new job more than hoqlwwmbup, so qoio is not less hardworking than hoqlwwmbup
wuoxpx starts looking for a new job more than omvsva, so wuoxpx is not less hardworking than omvsva
rxyqwlyna starts looking for a new job more than uowxq, so rxyqwlyna is not less hardworking than uowxq
yejbzdcxm starts looking for a new job more than lsclp, so lsclp is not more hardworking than yejbzdcxm
nqhvfqliy starts looking for a new job more than gtrcdaami, so gtrcdaami is not more hardworking than nqhvfqliy
rkpotkhiuo starts looking for a new job more than vbxfxykfyn, so vbxfxykfyn is not more hardworking than rkpotkhiuo
mnt starts looking for a new job more than nkvkals, so nkvkals is not more hardworking than mnt
rfkf starts looking for a new job more than fqmtefmyfxzu, so fqmtefmyfxzu is not more hardworking than rfkf
uakndmeibcts stays put more than cfungxkjp, so uakndmeibcts is more lazy than cfungxkjp
ozpkfbdh stays put more than kmzwf, so ozpkfbdh is more lazy than kmzwf
qbesrnx stays put more than gxkbxwceuym, so qbesrnx is more lazy than gxkbxwceuym
txxotgsatgye stays put more than bbiexoxlr, so txxotgsatgye is more lazy than bbiexoxlr
yors stays put more than lplzw, so yors is more lazy than lplzw
eoyywpirgdux stays put more than hmxythukx, so hmxythukx is less lazy than eoyywpirgdux
nwmntvukyvvp stays put more than siqyvtya, so siqyvtya is less lazy than nwmntvukyvvp
pvkysryud stays put more than kpbzj, so kpbzj is less lazy than pvkysryud
ylutchyirlmz stays put more than pxludlbdalea, so pxludlbdalea is less lazy than ylutchyirlmz
ejmxkfvxi stays put more than nfxuwrjsy, so nfxuwrjsy is less lazy than ejmxkfvxi
cug stays put more than lluhmo, so cug is not less lazy than lluhmo
oteaikyklpx stays put more than urmdwfc, so oteaikyklpx is not less lazy than urmdwfc
sbrt stays put more than mhioeromku, so sbrt is not less lazy than mhioeromku
gskbqhc stays put more than nwfac, so gskbqhc is not less lazy than nwfac
mtybuen stays put more than fnhgiqaod, so mtybuen is not less lazy than fnhgiqaod
jblwruebf stays put more than wgpp, so wgpp is not more lazy than jblwruebf
ynapj stays put more than pqhsdzipvm, so pqhsdzipvm is not more lazy than ynapj
uhzwdm stays put more than chlqsh, so chlqsh is not more lazy than uhzwdm
cipmkcdtqb stays put more than qohgqnbdo, so qohgqnbdo is not more lazy than cipmkcdtqb
pgsahsy stays put more than rjxacuikn, so rjxacuikn is not more lazy than pgsahsy
pszctv turns another person's back on another person more than cqyqj, so pszctv is more betraying than cqyqj
pdrlbjcsznoh turns another person's back on another person more than blldxeduq, so pdrlbjcsznoh is more betraying than blldxeduq
qldbv turns another person's back on another person more than mnkneh, so qldbv is more betraying than mnkneh
yygud turns another person's back on another person more than ynombszromgx, so yygud is more betraying than ynombszromgx
upqnszqnczv turns another person's back on another person more than tixsknswx, so upqnszqnczv is more betraying than tixsknswx
qdzrxo turns another person's back on another person more than bjouvbrepedo, so bjouvbrepedo is less betraying than qdzrxo
gxe turns another person's back on another person more than oysvy, so oysvy is less betraying than gxe
qsbrvqrscao turns another person's back on another person more than xidqjccx, so xidqjccx is less betraying than qsbrvqrscao
mmkknzutfmeu turns another person's back on another person more than tgrxzjvtjyvv, so tgrxzjvtjyvv is less betraying than mmkknzutfmeu
azrdgyj turns another person's back on another person more than ifbxibz, so ifbxibz is less betraying than azrdgyj
gjqcysc turns another person's back on another person more than zutaguhfr, so gjqcysc is not less betraying than zutaguhfr
uofkmivyab turns another person's back on another person more than ufyjywp, so uofkmivyab is not less betraying than ufyjywp
leavckdyj turns another person's back on another person more than xefsq, so leavckdyj is not less betraying than xefsq
kzei turns another person's back on another person more than pbqnovz, so kzei is not less betraying than pbqnovz
oqmhfax turns another person's back on another person more than fdsk, so oqmhfax is not less betraying than fdsk
ezmybhpzbvm turns another person's back on another person more than qsdeaddeyauf, so qsdeaddeyauf is not more betraying than ezmybhpzbvm
xbfnumsova turns another person's back on another person more than twpwmkobnk, so twpwmkobnk is not more betraying than xbfnumsova
sorpa turns another person's back on another person more than oyq, so oyq is not more betraying than sorpa
rctgxkpi turns another person's back on another person more than cenjxznjyep, so cenjxznjyep is not more betraying than rctgxkpi
rjeeojb turns another person's back on another person more than tofcjmsmm, so tofcjmsmm is not more betraying than rjeeojb
eqg gets another person's number more than pdx, so eqg is more smooth than pdx
pwozsqkwzrf gets another person's number more than jis, so pwozsqkwzrf is more smooth than jis
epaz gets another person's number more than ekzyavsfnoiz, so epaz is more smooth than ekzyavsfnoiz
brmqg gets another person's number more than zrtpwjvjznpq, so brmqg is more smooth than zrtpwjvjznpq
nje gets another person's number more than erwrwwfrn, so nje is more smooth than erwrwwfrn
pkbkqgnrttd gets another person's number more than subaumzicg, so subaumzicg is less smooth than pkbkqgnrttd
xnkl gets another person's number more than hnggtctkvt, so hnggtctkvt is less smooth than xnkl
nfumihweqfm gets another person's number more than uwzlio, so uwzlio is less smooth than nfumihweqfm
sye gets another person's number more than flowiaq, so flowiaq is less smooth than sye
pvxhabmcgx gets another person's number more than alg, so alg is less smooth than pvxhabmcgx
xtrwchw gets another person's number more than cyssvuxknw, so xtrwchw is not more smooth than cyssvuxknw
wqrglaqx gets another person's number more than jxvzev, so wqrglaqx is not more smooth than jxvzev
vfmuzya gets another person's number more than wmsdmwf, so vfmuzya is not more smooth than wmsdmwf
szlg gets another person's number more than lqxmqrhj, so szlg is not more smooth than lqxmqrhj
qrjllffwawmp gets another person's number more than ftqjk, so qrjllffwawmp is not more smooth than ftqjk
wtkflk gets another person's number more than qjs, so qjs is not more smooth than wtkflk
zqhbdc gets another person's number more than qdnrmws, so qdnrmws is not more smooth than zqhbdc
ifalykq gets another person's number more than kkpsrgcvcegb, so kkpsrgcvcegb is not more smooth than ifalykq
caznob gets another person's number more than ztsuc, so ztsuc is not more smooth than caznob
xatacyw gets another person's number more than bjll, so bjll is not more smooth than xatacyw
gafcht is n't paying much attention while uttjrbicweup is, so gafcht is more lazy than uttjrbicweup
ahjy is n't paying much attention while xijybyerqn is, so ahjy is more lazy than xijybyerqn
kvsomxad is n't paying much attention while lgdeuyoggmh is, so kvsomxad is more lazy than lgdeuyoggmh
xdgfszeul is n't paying much attention while cyqmfhmlcu is, so xdgfszeul is more lazy than cyqmfhmlcu
ecd is n't paying much attention while exfhyyfxybcz is, so ecd is more lazy than exfhyyfxybcz
jdvufobmhqmm is n't paying much attention while okhjmws is, so okhjmws is less lazy than jdvufobmhqmm
glls is n't paying much attention while phzxweyu is, so phzxweyu is less lazy than glls
aym is n't paying much attention while vyidhbkxseo is, so vyidhbkxseo is less lazy than aym
knhb is n't paying much attention while rlnouziu is, so rlnouziu is less lazy than knhb
jbq is n't paying much attention while pcxbsi is, so pcxbsi is less lazy than jbq
oeithx is n't paying much attention while rjh is, so oeithx is not less lazy than rjh
jckkfbro is n't paying much attention while hqx is, so jckkfbro is not less lazy than hqx
ltie is n't paying much attention while lyvrheqe is, so ltie is not less lazy than lyvrheqe
yyow is n't paying much attention while hkyiblnif is, so yyow is not less lazy than hkyiblnif
hjlvk is n't paying much attention while fpqvgcql is, so hjlvk is not less lazy than fpqvgcql
frrl is n't paying much attention while nqxqovt is, so nqxqovt is not more lazy than frrl
tlok is n't paying much attention while dzgk is, so dzgk is not more lazy than tlok
zctkusec is n't paying much attention while cycwalr is, so cycwalr is not more lazy than zctkusec
pjwubuvdv is n't paying much attention while fzdfq is, so fzdfq is not more lazy than pjwubuvdv
grsckgn is n't paying much attention while ksaikzciheez is, so ksaikzciheez is not more lazy than grsckgn
luytzl buys their lunch more than djzuupuprgld, so luytzl is more kind than djzuupuprgld
absmnylafbk buys their lunch more than ztazpcwbqoqk, so absmnylafbk is more kind than ztazpcwbqoqk
tmcwefmwhm buys their lunch more than ujdzxasttdwo, so tmcwefmwhm is more kind than ujdzxasttdwo
zyvynh buys their lunch more than mwwiayxo, so zyvynh is more kind than mwwiayxo
nyk buys their lunch more than xihrkyw, so nyk is more kind than xihrkyw
syubtadmayz buys their lunch more than byoupjnfkn, so byoupjnfkn is more kind than syubtadmayz
hbrkpwmmwgr buys their lunch more than vwticki, so vwticki is more kind than hbrkpwmmwgr
uefocjd buys their lunch more than hrbayfuasec, so hrbayfuasec is more kind than uefocjd
yeopjd buys their lunch more than effueuw, so effueuw is more kind than yeopjd
tra buys their lunch more than bhiicfsliq, so bhiicfsliq is more kind than tra
trjgfannp buys their lunch more than atiuhcx, so trjgfannp is not less kind than atiuhcx
dizfirqx buys their lunch more than hwgfrhleuln, so dizfirqx is not less kind than hwgfrhleuln
kbjeb buys their lunch more than gwpmvnwibpqp, so kbjeb is not less kind than gwpmvnwibpqp
bscpp buys their lunch more than qnouajhawt, so bscpp is not less kind than qnouajhawt
ksxkywsrcfh buys their lunch more than vzxmtyhvv, so ksxkywsrcfh is not less kind than vzxmtyhvv
ftnqer buys their lunch more than xuap, so xuap is not more kind than ftnqer
guxvvlnixn buys their lunch more than hfkvz, so hfkvz is not more kind than guxvvlnixn
jojgakfhwmr buys their lunch more than mxsefgo, so mxsefgo is not more kind than jojgakfhwmr
ptsbp buys their lunch more than zelfdstgfv, so zelfdstgfv is not more kind than ptsbp
hhuwunlaz buys their lunch more than vawssp, so vawssp is not more kind than hhuwunlaz
pthyqgb gives another person expression more than txiuyzkwbtu, so pthyqgb is more honest than txiuyzkwbtu
wtxnaxohe gives another person expression more than lsuxy, so wtxnaxohe is more honest than lsuxy
weoyhfmm gives another person expression more than hgipb, so weoyhfmm is more honest than hgipb
ypypyno gives another person expression more than sko, so ypypyno is more honest than sko
rhvctplmsq gives another person expression more than ehjso, so rhvctplmsq is more honest than ehjso
eyixbp gives another person expression more than dwrnea, so dwrnea is less honest than eyixbp
oum gives another person expression more than lrkeranrga, so lrkeranrga is less honest than oum
cikpichy gives another person expression more than erlcqw, so erlcqw is less honest than cikpichy
hqxfxoxjo gives another person expression more than dzjv, so dzjv is less honest than hqxfxoxjo
lmcilolgeup gives another person expression more than umkh, so umkh is less honest than lmcilolgeup
tkxyswhk gives another person expression more than kkuvqxrozdz, so tkxyswhk is not more honest than kkuvqxrozdz
utyfqgbzwhm gives another person expression more than sfdkkookbmfe, so utyfqgbzwhm is not more honest than sfdkkookbmfe
knohlbtk gives another person expression more than cmvtudmciib, so knohlbtk is not more honest than cmvtudmciib
iekodpzxe gives another person expression more than fjragfusnqj, so iekodpzxe is not more honest than fjragfusnqj
baouhld gives another person expression more than dfgnxwrabffv, so baouhld is not more honest than dfgnxwrabffv
kcqvaaxysjtk gives another person expression more than ccwuwkivha, so ccwuwkivha is not more honest than kcqvaaxysjtk
vcarznsyy gives another person expression more than ssgiqrvu, so ssgiqrvu is not more honest than vcarznsyy
oymhebwbj gives another person expression more than lohkrwpjn, so lohkrwpjn is not more honest than oymhebwbj
swtpbkdooiz gives another person expression more than ndccrfcxrkkz, so ndccrfcxrkkz is not more honest than swtpbkdooiz
kvci gives another person expression more than zpivgnk, so zpivgnk is not more honest than kvci
zvrsr poops their pants more than yjwsrgsnzab, so zvrsr is more passive than yjwsrgsnzab
ldzj poops their pants more than tlvrtjrjlb, so ldzj is more passive than tlvrtjrjlb
yiivqof poops their pants more than ihojpejop, so yiivqof is more passive than ihojpejop
ljqtsp poops their pants more than vjifcvdogp, so ljqtsp is more passive than vjifcvdogp
wndxxnp poops their pants more than pfuigohwn, so wndxxnp is more passive than pfuigohwn
kwrzjvivwsl poops their pants more than bjkcbrqs, so bjkcbrqs is less passive than kwrzjvivwsl
bpxdwibcmm poops their pants more than tswzioy, so tswzioy is less passive than bpxdwibcmm
nfwfpratd poops their pants more than wmwabusxluv, so wmwabusxluv is less passive than nfwfpratd
vktmwc poops their pants more than auidnfih, so auidnfih is less passive than vktmwc
wtlem poops their pants more than ikddgvgc, so ikddgvgc is less passive than wtlem
vmpl poops their pants more than szekc, so vmpl is not less passive than szekc
itafga poops their pants more than azeput, so itafga is not less passive than azeput
okdiaajtkj poops their pants more than tsnhi, so okdiaajtkj is not less passive than tsnhi
gjewbml poops their pants more than sdrewuxrmjw, so gjewbml is not less passive than sdrewuxrmjw
hbvofphtpxb poops their pants more than wvekywqlu, so hbvofphtpxb is not less passive than wvekywqlu
dmolwo poops their pants more than aiss, so aiss is not more passive than dmolwo
wgwofs poops their pants more than rpyntjrzn, so rpyntjrzn is not more passive than wgwofs
gvkhywu poops their pants more than wewbthfeyx, so wewbthfeyx is not more passive than gvkhywu
yelvhdwup poops their pants more than arqnd, so arqnd is not more passive than yelvhdwup
edddovgbtzn poops their pants more than jxnzdjgrw, so jxnzdjgrw is not more passive than edddovgbtzn
boynxvv delivers pizzas more than iadscvzl, so boynxvv is more determined than iadscvzl
pnd delivers pizzas more than atfjsrl, so pnd is more determined than atfjsrl
jlyeuw delivers pizzas more than deldzj, so jlyeuw is more determined than deldzj
fqyjhk delivers pizzas more than jdbr, so fqyjhk is more determined than jdbr
wuwz delivers pizzas more than xwtektb, so wuwz is more determined than xwtektb
dvidcarzjnhk delivers pizzas more than ijgfornq, so ijgfornq is less determined than dvidcarzjnhk
eilku delivers pizzas more than xmgbjitx, so xmgbjitx is less determined than eilku
idygeeile delivers pizzas more than ldtcxngr, so ldtcxngr is less determined than idygeeile
hnkluesxbd delivers pizzas more than wqaypdd, so wqaypdd is less determined than hnkluesxbd
uqyr delivers pizzas more than kfd, so kfd is less determined than uqyr
tudx delivers pizzas more than zxhzzoral, so tudx is not less determined than zxhzzoral
krcxkpqr delivers pizzas more than szb, so krcxkpqr is not less determined than szb
aopyea delivers pizzas more than kfxvotlpz, so aopyea is not less determined than kfxvotlpz
jbgmvfr delivers pizzas more than ruy, so jbgmvfr is not less determined than ruy
jfxloanjcdem delivers pizzas more than rgpkokgg, so jfxloanjcdem is not less determined than rgpkokgg
tpguiwhx delivers pizzas more than tvnmf, so tvnmf is not more determined than tpguiwhx
fxf delivers pizzas more than jawn, so jawn is not more determined than fxf
hydndzzguuac delivers pizzas more than xggdbhrvv, so xggdbhrvv is not more determined than hydndzzguuac
tkojjba delivers pizzas more than ajr, so ajr is not more determined than tkojjba
pezatvyqal delivers pizzas more than exu, so exu is not more determined than pezatvyqal
bubvsi weighs their options more than puvqffs, so bubvsi is more contemplative than puvqffs
gwcdkm weighs their options more than bjbm, so gwcdkm is more contemplative than bjbm
usugeqcisi weighs their options more than ztevh, so usugeqcisi is more contemplative than ztevh
smbeetq weighs their options more than kunc, so smbeetq is more contemplative than kunc
bntimrjpwbxn weighs their options more than mbeecb, so bntimrjpwbxn is more contemplative than mbeecb
mufqbzqsmb weighs their options more than vqdivpo, so vqdivpo is less contemplative than mufqbzqsmb
dzisxtumjfid weighs their options more than anfiybpqwn, so anfiybpqwn is less contemplative than dzisxtumjfid
flrwokvifa weighs their options more than ublpkvdpjeya, so ublpkvdpjeya is less contemplative than flrwokvifa
usfczvioc weighs their options more than ztmjn, so ztmjn is less contemplative than usfczvioc
iafiatzu weighs their options more than avxb, so avxb is less contemplative than iafiatzu
btflcveftv weighs their options more than cujezfvvgck, so btflcveftv is not less contemplative than cujezfvvgck
rpp weighs their options more than talvrnr, so rpp is not less contemplative than talvrnr
jumyoz weighs their options more than fttjkurx, so jumyoz is not less contemplative than fttjkurx
fogpp weighs their options more than tmlcpxjeb, so fogpp is not less contemplative than tmlcpxjeb
zsecahbqp weighs their options more than aufmc, so zsecahbqp is not less contemplative than aufmc
rknjgrudzjoj weighs their options more than ettbqgczq, so ettbqgczq is not more contemplative than rknjgrudzjoj
otfiebprcrl weighs their options more than mubldhsdchw, so mubldhsdchw is not more contemplative than otfiebprcrl
usvucbjjdje weighs their options more than gzsbzqdspha, so gzsbzqdspha is not more contemplative than usvucbjjdje
omznxx weighs their options more than nknvwnmd, so nknvwnmd is not more contemplative than omznxx
xljdgqql weighs their options more than wkibf, so wkibf is not more contemplative than xljdgqql
kfpavcu puts another person's arms more than mwrglv, so kfpavcu is more friendly than mwrglv
gidzlm puts another person's arms more than wjxtfy, so gidzlm is more friendly than wjxtfy
qxpytuqfx puts another person's arms more than imeecmb, so qxpytuqfx is more friendly than imeecmb
atthpt puts another person's arms more than ujqvcqkls, so atthpt is more friendly than ujqvcqkls
txdqv puts another person's arms more than ruyu, so txdqv is more friendly than ruyu
dbnstqeru puts another person's arms more than gpkqhio, so gpkqhio is less friendly than dbnstqeru
kakkw puts another person's arms more than lgzztuod, so lgzztuod is less friendly than kakkw
akevsnjmyf puts another person's arms more than lhmfjm, so lhmfjm is less friendly than akevsnjmyf
hoxlfmoschcw puts another person's arms more than cfhxwdx, so cfhxwdx is less friendly than hoxlfmoschcw
ffe puts another person's arms more than eiwsflgecolv, so eiwsflgecolv is less friendly than ffe
zjeydjins puts another person's arms more than tajidxnffr, so zjeydjins is not less friendly than tajidxnffr
zdn puts another person's arms more than cyof, so zdn is not less friendly than cyof
krhznesgnqbo puts another person's arms more than mtfxqjvzigug, so krhznesgnqbo is not less friendly than mtfxqjvzigug
yetqawgauhty puts another person's arms more than yqnu, so yetqawgauhty is not less friendly than yqnu
uolwtzmbgwbx puts another person's arms more than zgsyuhwwsj, so uolwtzmbgwbx is not less friendly than zgsyuhwwsj
uou puts another person's arms more than hnouzre, so hnouzre is not more friendly than uou
oaoqvpoev puts another person's arms more than pyvtklk, so pyvtklk is not more friendly than oaoqvpoev
fjpgymhudyqp puts another person's arms more than jdq, so jdq is not more friendly than fjpgymhudyqp
pyn puts another person's arms more than ylnsrrryn, so ylnsrrryn is not more friendly than pyn
fsobjuiwjqrf puts another person's arms more than prtrvlpx, so prtrvlpx is not more friendly than fsobjuiwjqrf
kzzmie learns how to play the guitar more than finvgyn, so kzzmie is more skillful than finvgyn
mbunf learns how to play the guitar more than jldd, so mbunf is more skillful than jldd
xjuvnibd learns how to play the guitar more than zcfgibwvlq, so xjuvnibd is more skillful than zcfgibwvlq
ngqxsk learns how to play the guitar more than psvlmypskl, so ngqxsk is more skillful than psvlmypskl
axnhkemiyz learns how to play the guitar more than yxrkuvz, so axnhkemiyz is more skillful than yxrkuvz
zodogsgcesb learns how to play the guitar more than dsqgvqyb, so dsqgvqyb is less skillful than zodogsgcesb
remlrhgbnhgq learns how to play the guitar more than gdrsjmpkcxzc, so gdrsjmpkcxzc is less skillful than remlrhgbnhgq
sqqgpybihjd learns how to play the guitar more than itzboqvsqra, so itzboqvsqra is less skillful than sqqgpybihjd
vkzkcqib learns how to play the guitar more than ivomcgwui, so ivomcgwui is less skillful than vkzkcqib
bubmrwz learns how to play the guitar more than ebqb, so ebqb is less skillful than bubmrwz
gcjchtbcwjm learns how to play the guitar more than rpokxnkhuck, so gcjchtbcwjm is not more skillful than rpokxnkhuck
tsguhzq learns how to play the guitar more than ayt, so tsguhzq is not more skillful than ayt
fvvzunqxtn learns how to play the guitar more than wtmiotdc, so fvvzunqxtn is not more skillful than wtmiotdc
hbwgmpuexyh learns how to play the guitar more than djmkdcjs, so hbwgmpuexyh is not more skillful than djmkdcjs
byegp learns how to play the guitar more than kdhpcbqqy, so byegp is not more skillful than kdhpcbqqy
qqvyd learns how to play the guitar more than iqz, so iqz is not more skillful than qqvyd
avuld learns how to play the guitar more than ttynnta, so ttynnta is not more skillful than avuld
vbumvxl learns how to play the guitar more than mhenlwrujg, so mhenlwrujg is not more skillful than vbumvxl
ocf learns how to play the guitar more than ytjgyi, so ytjgyi is not more skillful than ocf
vwnpolp learns how to play the guitar more than nwtbtqx, so nwtbtqx is not more skillful than vwnpolp
tudacwi hops in another person's car more than zevyjzqcznx, so tudacwi is more daring than zevyjzqcznx
xekjz hops in another person's car more than cddmub, so xekjz is more daring than cddmub
wpqozngxtuh hops in another person's car more than zhmsq, so wpqozngxtuh is more daring than zhmsq
qrlkjgprx hops in another person's car more than rrjayqtdsz, so qrlkjgprx is more daring than rrjayqtdsz
obgzyav hops in another person's car more than kybvoxmku, so obgzyav is more daring than kybvoxmku
hrmgac hops in another person's car more than uyumvkxfvcr, so uyumvkxfvcr is less daring than hrmgac
qgwldsauha hops in another person's car more than nlgygkzk, so nlgygkzk is less daring than qgwldsauha
dbwrtk hops in another person's car more than qwuekh, so qwuekh is less daring than dbwrtk
lebkbfirxqsy hops in another person's car more than dxpzgo, so dxpzgo is less daring than lebkbfirxqsy
uksr hops in another person's car more than xvkbr, so xvkbr is less daring than uksr
xsvemgdsucb hops in another person's car more than nyl, so xsvemgdsucb is not less daring than nyl
uqord hops in another person's car more than yovjsdhm, so uqord is not less daring than yovjsdhm
baz hops in another person's car more than drsypzkkbjc, so baz is not less daring than drsypzkkbjc
aqyrhlrdjush hops in another person's car more than gvmzz, so aqyrhlrdjush is not less daring than gvmzz
xogkcgsyd hops in another person's car more than oujpyu, so xogkcgsyd is not less daring than oujpyu
zrun hops in another person's car more than hldja, so hldja is not more daring than zrun
hwgxpo hops in another person's car more than zcfrvk, so zcfrvk is not more daring than hwgxpo
mvoqxkd hops in another person's car more than exttasvpl, so exttasvpl is not more daring than mvoqxkd
biqrjd hops in another person's car more than lfwf, so lfwf is not more daring than biqrjd
gqzjrzva hops in another person's car more than zwvelduaiuh, so zwvelduaiuh is not more daring than gqzjrzva
pjdl changes without notice more than sxp, so pjdl is less new than sxp
mzutgjv changes without notice more than ncybmxay, so mzutgjv is less new than ncybmxay
jhzucnmynjgp changes without notice more than zdcadccpueom, so jhzucnmynjgp is less new than zdcadccpueom
ripqujcavyfx changes without notice more than utsdlkjqsdsa, so ripqujcavyfx is less new than utsdlkjqsdsa
hll changes without notice more than ovyixxhk, so hll is less new than ovyixxhk
vtq changes without notice more than pevstgv, so pevstgv is less new than vtq
jvke changes without notice more than tywb, so tywb is less new than jvke
bnrywwbwwub changes without notice more than lebbstd, so lebbstd is less new than bnrywwbwwub
jvcobo changes without notice more than kyu, so kyu is less new than jvcobo
ghbapdzsqzlt changes without notice more than xkmxaelabv, so xkmxaelabv is less new than ghbapdzsqzlt
lsjcbo changes without notice more than dktvlmk, so lsjcbo is not less new than dktvlmk
cebjdb changes without notice more than nkoopxlo, so cebjdb is not less new than nkoopxlo
bwlm changes without notice more than apubpucramnw, so bwlm is not less new than apubpucramnw
burh changes without notice more than avsr, so burh is not less new than avsr
jftish changes without notice more than ggh, so jftish is not less new than ggh
ejf changes without notice more than nzd, so nzd is not more new than ejf
rslasevuykpc changes without notice more than ganeztnelqz, so ganeztnelqz is not more new than rslasevuykpc
bpejdmkpsadp changes without notice more than kqiz, so kqiz is not more new than bpejdmkpsadp
hvtfokzyacdy changes without notice more than ikywyhttw, so ikywyhttw is not more new than hvtfokzyacdy
xni changes without notice more than vzcktizoermx, so vzcktizoermx is not more new than xni
mfscrvp buys a new truck more than uvnpu, so mfscrvp is less frugal than uvnpu
ocgvnybnq buys a new truck more than dlzprx, so ocgvnybnq is less frugal than dlzprx
jls buys a new truck more than sdighomeoesp, so jls is less frugal than sdighomeoesp
addrutf buys a new truck more than mxknqu, so addrutf is less frugal than mxknqu
ikshrgdomu buys a new truck more than bfzf, so ikshrgdomu is less frugal than bfzf
upr buys a new truck more than vccpssd, so vccpssd is less frugal than upr
vwvsputsfuw buys a new truck more than hxzlsasecw, so hxzlsasecw is less frugal than vwvsputsfuw
cugxs buys a new truck more than wxoi, so wxoi is less frugal than cugxs
lzbuqqknvicz buys a new truck more than ydtw, so ydtw is less frugal than lzbuqqknvicz
gmwt buys a new truck more than faqtl, so faqtl is less frugal than gmwt
dbtzugsrjqc buys a new truck more than mkyrvemltqy, so dbtzugsrjqc is not less frugal than mkyrvemltqy
mbehvcpupto buys a new truck more than mkultqz, so mbehvcpupto is not less frugal than mkultqz
rhzba buys a new truck more than klbogiu, so rhzba is not less frugal than klbogiu
oounjbtldh buys a new truck more than jfqm, so oounjbtldh is not less frugal than jfqm
qux buys a new truck more than lmokxaml, so qux is not less frugal than lmokxaml
cpptdrla buys a new truck more than lrhn, so lrhn is not more frugal than cpptdrla
iorx buys a new truck more than pviupwidpbc, so pviupwidpbc is not more frugal than iorx
hrloxljson buys a new truck more than bneg, so bneg is not more frugal than hrloxljson
ndwxmuo buys a new truck more than vpnkcnczdj, so vpnkcnczdj is not more frugal than ndwxmuo
cuzlup buys a new truck more than kthwyuahvdwm, so kthwyuahvdwm is not more frugal than cuzlup
vbpgq stands in another person's shoes more than yryfuc, so vbpgq is more curious than yryfuc
efbiz stands in another person's shoes more than yxjfvawbet, so efbiz is more curious than yxjfvawbet
umgwox stands in another person's shoes more than vmjwnk, so umgwox is more curious than vmjwnk
snqltouzsd stands in another person's shoes more than bqvfpsmpjebl, so snqltouzsd is more curious than bqvfpsmpjebl
wtfgxmzyxm stands in another person's shoes more than dfped, so wtfgxmzyxm is more curious than dfped
gckt stands in another person's shoes more than fwdzsg, so fwdzsg is less curious than gckt
gbnjslj stands in another person's shoes more than oxksmy, so oxksmy is less curious than gbnjslj
jexdssumgfr stands in another person's shoes more than ajv, so ajv is less curious than jexdssumgfr
wzynr stands in another person's shoes more than htqee, so htqee is less curious than wzynr
ujwjuolywic stands in another person's shoes more than saewkk, so saewkk is less curious than ujwjuolywic
gjkshqcv stands in another person's shoes more than spgwqpizblvn, so gjkshqcv is not less curious than spgwqpizblvn
lfmhkoheiq stands in another person's shoes more than efsinft, so lfmhkoheiq is not less curious than efsinft
blghhg stands in another person's shoes more than zfmidhf, so blghhg is not less curious than zfmidhf
xmvctxg stands in another person's shoes more than iydrgosytd, so xmvctxg is not less curious than iydrgosytd
bghpodkq stands in another person's shoes more than pfjdh, so bghpodkq is not less curious than pfjdh
dmmp stands in another person's shoes more than tetkusle, so tetkusle is not more curious than dmmp
bwtbfybiya stands in another person's shoes more than onjb, so onjb is not more curious than bwtbfybiya
kaxfmcujt stands in another person's shoes more than bvemlyi, so bvemlyi is not more curious than kaxfmcujt
nkzjomaeu stands in another person's shoes more than rfwskep, so rfwskep is not more curious than nkzjomaeu
avkvis stands in another person's shoes more than pvuwgwakrmev, so pvuwgwakrmev is not more curious than avkvis
tkfccurfhgow adds to their collection more than mboagyyhknca, so tkfccurfhgow is more a curator than mboagyyhknca
hxgsuzdaohg adds to their collection more than qjs, so hxgsuzdaohg is more a curator than qjs
kpjgfgarop adds to their collection more than igb, so kpjgfgarop is more a curator than igb
ulmls adds to their collection more than uwedtjsxsm, so ulmls is more a curator than uwedtjsxsm
zxlfsm adds to their collection more than hebdx, so zxlfsm is more a curator than hebdx
skotgoyg adds to their collection more than gyru, so gyru is less a curator than skotgoyg
ebtk adds to their collection more than ojymikqfkpe, so ojymikqfkpe is less a curator than ebtk
kbtq adds to their collection more than vccsxibnxfgr, so vccsxibnxfgr is less a curator than kbtq
taov adds to their collection more than utyh, so utyh is less a curator than taov
iwcepgaxl adds to their collection more than uslcpsaozzt, so uslcpsaozzt is less a curator than iwcepgaxl
yrnye adds to their collection more than gptfiprxpta, so yrnye is not less a curator than gptfiprxpta
kzgttz adds to their collection more than mrrltkzxen, so kzgttz is not less a curator than mrrltkzxen
mscx adds to their collection more than fjvdape, so mscx is not less a curator than fjvdape
pbrccqhymgk adds to their collection more than uaczgpxgdid, so pbrccqhymgk is not less a curator than uaczgpxgdid
ukyfpjqnyeea adds to their collection more than jrxctxc, so ukyfpjqnyeea is not less a curator than jrxctxc
dyeqldtywkil adds to their collection more than vctlsiplnwa, so vctlsiplnwa is not more a curator than dyeqldtywkil
ravha adds to their collection more than qppuohqnfgd, so qppuohqnfgd is not more a curator than ravha
xetuljdtteuw adds to their collection more than ujy, so ujy is not more a curator than xetuljdtteuw
kjhksnr adds to their collection more than jeljud, so jeljud is not more a curator than kjhksnr
bquctnlztg adds to their collection more than oiyx, so oiyx is not more a curator than bquctnlztg
tylkjlrqc walks to their house more than xrmwgsqghckm, so tylkjlrqc is more committed than xrmwgsqghckm
khnua walks to their house more than awbrbtuaymf, so khnua is more committed than awbrbtuaymf
uvczuu walks to their house more than ysnagd, so uvczuu is more committed than ysnagd
mqurnqyic walks to their house more than hrnkhyi, so mqurnqyic is more committed than hrnkhyi
jzgdo walks to their house more than xvpjxibmf, so jzgdo is more committed than xvpjxibmf
tmrsht walks to their house more than fznprh, so fznprh is more committed than tmrsht
prgw walks to their house more than gzixuwoznclm, so gzixuwoznclm is more committed than prgw
iwddbgaf walks to their house more than trlg, so trlg is more committed than iwddbgaf
oudfreh walks to their house more than gcl, so gcl is more committed than oudfreh
huf walks to their house more than hvpgmlc, so hvpgmlc is more committed than huf
msctgwwthl walks to their house more than ixsl, so msctgwwthl is not less committed than ixsl
dqmhgtfin walks to their house more than onrujhz, so dqmhgtfin is not less committed than onrujhz
foq walks to their house more than vmcuagktpqkq, so foq is not less committed than vmcuagktpqkq
ujjzltjyb walks to their house more than rwc, so ujjzltjyb is not less committed than rwc
sniy walks to their house more than esqzl, so sniy is not less committed than esqzl
qvnjvdne walks to their house more than zldmfrk, so zldmfrk is not more committed than qvnjvdne
kvxuhhd walks to their house more than aszxdx, so aszxdx is not more committed than kvxuhhd
ztfu walks to their house more than loixbzna, so loixbzna is not more committed than ztfu
epnachh walks to their house more than ceycgwfhm, so ceycgwfhm is not more committed than epnachh
trlnsm walks to their house more than qukorc, so qukorc is not more committed than trlnsm
ivo sees a show more than notewa, so ivo is more curious than notewa
muhypnr sees a show more than xoputas, so muhypnr is more curious than xoputas
itdzgfzfjp sees a show more than yllqefqzi, so itdzgfzfjp is more curious than yllqefqzi
dpm sees a show more than sho, so dpm is more curious than sho
adppw sees a show more than egqfkjjnxzn, so adppw is more curious than egqfkjjnxzn
doq sees a show more than qjqheygisb, so qjqheygisb is less curious than doq
gwh sees a show more than hkjdgpju, so hkjdgpju is less curious than gwh
giakldguj sees a show more than omdqjg, so omdqjg is less curious than giakldguj
bhicfzskadxi sees a show more than fpaiy, so fpaiy is less curious than bhicfzskadxi
qzbbb sees a show more than nfi, so nfi is less curious than qzbbb
zbc sees a show more than zibygddjtu, so zbc is not less curious than zibygddjtu
ntrt sees a show more than tsk, so ntrt is not less curious than tsk
tfdpks sees a show more than zpraxam, so tfdpks is not less curious than zpraxam
akyytvcyr sees a show more than wvblmo, so akyytvcyr is not less curious than wvblmo
bmiln sees a show more than xmebaaubn, so bmiln is not less curious than xmebaaubn
mllwvpxdurf sees a show more than bcz, so bcz is not more curious than mllwvpxdurf
jgydfqul sees a show more than eelenmpkyqq, so eelenmpkyqq is not more curious than jgydfqul
yqgcpanm sees a show more than gaodpsxnwu, so gaodpsxnwu is not more curious than yqgcpanm
ykcmpebnq sees a show more than ygektoenbr, so ygektoenbr is not more curious than ykcmpebnq
zosk sees a show more than vwxbhksgko, so vwxbhksgko is not more curious than zosk
jswmjypiiaw feels overwhelmed more than dncytnpfm, so jswmjypiiaw is more tired than dncytnpfm
otnvgr feels overwhelmed more than lfs, so otnvgr is more tired than lfs
lvegyrdabu feels overwhelmed more than bnetxiyrllnc, so lvegyrdabu is more tired than bnetxiyrllnc
edyndjhr feels overwhelmed more than kpcvcvohpzk, so edyndjhr is more tired than kpcvcvohpzk
yngsueyu feels overwhelmed more than egcluupx, so yngsueyu is more tired than egcluupx
buh feels overwhelmed more than pgwae, so pgwae is less tired than buh
dpjc feels overwhelmed more than nruezrxo, so nruezrxo is less tired than dpjc
zxlnzezplwk feels overwhelmed more than vibxgt, so vibxgt is less tired than zxlnzezplwk
erqtsujsd feels overwhelmed more than nocwfxgqgscx, so nocwfxgqgscx is less tired than erqtsujsd
baqgqd feels overwhelmed more than tmvkxrllxxe, so tmvkxrllxxe is less tired than baqgqd
kymargjvfwv feels overwhelmed more than lcrvtolmsfmy, so kymargjvfwv is not less tired than lcrvtolmsfmy
jlbnjlgbdh feels overwhelmed more than qtkorefzu, so jlbnjlgbdh is not less tired than qtkorefzu
yquddg feels overwhelmed more than ikidqyqnsv, so yquddg is not less tired than ikidqyqnsv
zgbzhipiv feels overwhelmed more than drysopt, so zgbzhipiv is not less tired than drysopt
syrmdorol feels overwhelmed more than aqzfnyfesrcm, so syrmdorol is not less tired than aqzfnyfesrcm
hivclf feels overwhelmed more than mjtmnribp, so mjtmnribp is not more tired than hivclf
tbpvaol feels overwhelmed more than udoak, so udoak is not more tired than tbpvaol
uiqesb feels overwhelmed more than roxqcdcbrbhh, so roxqcdcbrbhh is not more tired than uiqesb
uaxtovessi feels overwhelmed more than tvwzcv, so tvwzcv is not more tired than uaxtovessi
zwehg feels overwhelmed more than vdrkioyq, so vdrkioyq is not more tired than zwehg
rsn welcomes another person back more than ivlvh, so rsn is more happy than ivlvh
itbeayu welcomes another person back more than xlqzavbmdsvq, so itbeayu is more happy than xlqzavbmdsvq
clzmoncpd welcomes another person back more than qfiozcbfeai, so clzmoncpd is more happy than qfiozcbfeai
sjfd welcomes another person back more than xkahespt, so sjfd is more happy than xkahespt
tfthsgw welcomes another person back more than gyoyvfbiux, so tfthsgw is more happy than gyoyvfbiux
gkwelzyk welcomes another person back more than iddvyhtqm, so iddvyhtqm is less happy than gkwelzyk
tjcrmyvld welcomes another person back more than zloqktd, so zloqktd is less happy than tjcrmyvld
azojeqolq welcomes another person back more than dpkcvsgbvnrd, so dpkcvsgbvnrd is less happy than azojeqolq
brpfzvr welcomes another person back more than bmwqtwqjyb, so bmwqtwqjyb is less happy than brpfzvr
mnwfgkshuk welcomes another person back more than stguizognvns, so stguizognvns is less happy than mnwfgkshuk
untblijnvx welcomes another person back more than nqix, so untblijnvx is not less happy than nqix
vakf welcomes another person back more than kjxtvs, so vakf is not less happy than kjxtvs
bficenwhf welcomes another person back more than smyasvg, so bficenwhf is not less happy than smyasvg
gpbon welcomes another person back more than svfikpakh, so gpbon is not less happy than svfikpakh
fwrfqyswp welcomes another person back more than ckgxnkewpydo, so fwrfqyswp is not less happy than ckgxnkewpydo
tovcfmuwurzj welcomes another person back more than dnb, so dnb is not more happy than tovcfmuwurzj
cac welcomes another person back more than auu, so auu is not more happy than cac
pgerqkn welcomes another person back more than jarwi, so jarwi is not more happy than pgerqkn
wuttgjkah welcomes another person back more than cvsiqtkdy, so cvsiqtkdy is not more happy than wuttgjkah
obsosafz welcomes another person back more than jmhvt, so jmhvt is not more happy than obsosafz
tnt flies a plane more than qui, so tnt is more successful than qui
vas flies a plane more than oast, so vas is more successful than oast
pqaqqervcqe flies a plane more than qizv, so pqaqqervcqe is more successful than qizv
zawbwkt flies a plane more than hrhsareee, so zawbwkt is more successful than hrhsareee
pfmdrb flies a plane more than xgoruifcfxp, so pfmdrb is more successful than xgoruifcfxp
apv flies a plane more than boewtsuq, so boewtsuq is less successful than apv
viziofnr flies a plane more than cxnwlwbg, so cxnwlwbg is less successful than viziofnr
qmbckvryka flies a plane more than xkdfk, so xkdfk is less successful than qmbckvryka
mrmiq flies a plane more than kqnl, so kqnl is less successful than mrmiq
yamlneok flies a plane more than olsbzhtvj, so olsbzhtvj is less successful than yamlneok
lplmfocgcwoj flies a plane more than cfzcxrlng, so lplmfocgcwoj is not more successful than cfzcxrlng
hbx flies a plane more than sfluzmjsnf, so hbx is not more successful than sfluzmjsnf
wpwjgadl flies a plane more than vgjczcop, so wpwjgadl is not more successful than vgjczcop
pklqgsin flies a plane more than pqjnxsyzw, so pklqgsin is not more successful than pqjnxsyzw
vszzxh flies a plane more than yavcq, so vszzxh is not more successful than yavcq
tjrvqy flies a plane more than ukqgpjhbej, so ukqgpjhbej is not more successful than tjrvqy
mdibu flies a plane more than vcjpzydi, so vcjpzydi is not more successful than mdibu
zazmcbrfvwf flies a plane more than ehmzhvgkio, so ehmzhvgkio is not more successful than zazmcbrfvwf
cfqtayznt flies a plane more than wnfmkqork, so wnfmkqork is not more successful than cfqtayznt
gxefjq flies a plane more than xknwdl, so xknwdl is not more successful than gxefjq
tyvqjxmfvy holds onto nothing more than edh, so tyvqjxmfvy is more independent than edh
jdkykew holds onto nothing more than oqpaowsh, so jdkykew is more independent than oqpaowsh
gttmespexrcr holds onto nothing more than gjawvzcunyze, so gttmespexrcr is more independent than gjawvzcunyze
amylizsp holds onto nothing more than rcgp, so amylizsp is more independent than rcgp
nyzw holds onto nothing more than ojqfmqvrw, so nyzw is more independent than ojqfmqvrw
ygs holds onto nothing more than hslkcyo, so hslkcyo is less independent than ygs
rzrstbgn holds onto nothing more than hmk, so hmk is less independent than rzrstbgn
lnpicdbgc holds onto nothing more than nbfyapah, so nbfyapah is less independent than lnpicdbgc
uypyydx holds onto nothing more than duyhdzb, so duyhdzb is less independent than uypyydx
zwo holds onto nothing more than eupaqgljncu, so eupaqgljncu is less independent than zwo
rhxidprcsx holds onto nothing more than letswaxwdgk, so rhxidprcsx is not less independent than letswaxwdgk
xkemc holds onto nothing more than qyeelj, so xkemc is not less independent than qyeelj
gygnrcpkft holds onto nothing more than ngfaoclh, so gygnrcpkft is not less independent than ngfaoclh
epjmagwsrep holds onto nothing more than mqxhtupnjf, so epjmagwsrep is not less independent than mqxhtupnjf
vmlwyyuxzuw holds onto nothing more than drwpd, so vmlwyyuxzuw is not less independent than drwpd
ipuiwsxm holds onto nothing more than hgbssqcjfso, so hgbssqcjfso is not more independent than ipuiwsxm
byhwhlgxgz holds onto nothing more than gofh, so gofh is not more independent than byhwhlgxgz
idpbbi holds onto nothing more than qcaf, so qcaf is not more independent than idpbbi
nfl holds onto nothing more than wzzi, so wzzi is not more independent than nfl
qbygegrqazwo holds onto nothing more than bodnnnt, so bodnnnt is not more independent than qbygegrqazwo
jfap writes another person a ticket more than fwdwsuzfdyun, so jfap is more observant than fwdwsuzfdyun
ymi writes another person a ticket more than xoc, so ymi is more observant than xoc
reqicinzs writes another person a ticket more than oxlwchlak, so reqicinzs is more observant than oxlwchlak
pkmofhwc writes another person a ticket more than kerorryq, so pkmofhwc is more observant than kerorryq
jnpr writes another person a ticket more than ghyuusqzyd, so jnpr is more observant than ghyuusqzyd
ikuigzqpla writes another person a ticket more than ppnyajc, so ppnyajc is less observant than ikuigzqpla
wvjgslwtszre writes another person a ticket more than ceyplt, so ceyplt is less observant than wvjgslwtszre
aorbh writes another person a ticket more than ojlcrxcmj, so ojlcrxcmj is less observant than aorbh
fbhoylxnlwof writes another person a ticket more than gpdbxynjzrt, so gpdbxynjzrt is less observant than fbhoylxnlwof
vyibfnqkd writes another person a ticket more than eaixi, so eaixi is less observant than vyibfnqkd
icwuxr writes another person a ticket more than skzp, so icwuxr is not less observant than skzp
vxog writes another person a ticket more than xoqar, so vxog is not less observant than xoqar
wnjrsjhijb writes another person a ticket more than smrssbi, so wnjrsjhijb is not less observant than smrssbi
phkqdcr writes another person a ticket more than nwtahrcnzj, so phkqdcr is not less observant than nwtahrcnzj
mbteb writes another person a ticket more than wraspujmntdl, so mbteb is not less observant than wraspujmntdl
ztqvuxhzfhsy writes another person a ticket more than orhyrkggdxor, so orhyrkggdxor is not more observant than ztqvuxhzfhsy
tgehabqam writes another person a ticket more than cxbjxcgiyksk, so cxbjxcgiyksk is not more observant than tgehabqam
uhvfyev writes another person a ticket more than vljujdzueyls, so vljujdzueyls is not more observant than uhvfyev
qqdfax writes another person a ticket more than kmgiesstwjm, so kmgiesstwjm is not more observant than qqdfax
vqcdtzr writes another person a ticket more than pmfis, so pmfis is not more observant than vqcdtzr
igwhpdrmkdp returns to their classroom more than tlwsxjiwmkgg, so igwhpdrmkdp is more industrious than tlwsxjiwmkgg
vbckjrcnqmck returns to their classroom more than brkxcdq, so vbckjrcnqmck is more industrious than brkxcdq
ytqd returns to their classroom more than gekitkm, so ytqd is more industrious than gekitkm
gxvpnmlvd returns to their classroom more than vok, so gxvpnmlvd is more industrious than vok
dfpkckfenms returns to their classroom more than humqffxijf, so dfpkckfenms is more industrious than humqffxijf
zkswlbmixoi returns to their classroom more than otpgs, so otpgs is less industrious than zkswlbmixoi
lwunqxbufk returns to their classroom more than tjpia, so tjpia is less industrious than lwunqxbufk
ujxyvj returns to their classroom more than mdby, so mdby is less industrious than ujxyvj
gsxlap returns to their classroom more than mfxyixmdq, so mfxyixmdq is less industrious than gsxlap
wxtirytykuq returns to their classroom more than zauswolejtf, so zauswolejtf is less industrious than wxtirytykuq
yudcza returns to their classroom more than mltjn, so yudcza is not less industrious than mltjn
rppu returns to their classroom more than pbdqx, so rppu is not less industrious than pbdqx
skmuozuqahi returns to their classroom more than ayoznp, so skmuozuqahi is not less industrious than ayoznp
qntaurqo returns to their classroom more than pxh, so qntaurqo is not less industrious than pxh
cogdxh returns to their classroom more than bgzpnjwb, so cogdxh is not less industrious than bgzpnjwb
jmeronauigrc returns to their classroom more than pxrz, so pxrz is not more industrious than jmeronauigrc
ojnbctcfw returns to their classroom more than qrdijtelwt, so qrdijtelwt is not more industrious than ojnbctcfw
dtsiixqq returns to their classroom more than yadduuupfm, so yadduuupfm is not more industrious than dtsiixqq
vcynqxj returns to their classroom more than bfyrb, so bfyrb is not more industrious than vcynqxj
ulyqtvq returns to their classroom more than tvryyq, so tvryyq is not more industrious than ulyqtvq
wii becomes concerned more than ndkeldfd, so wii is more worrysome than ndkeldfd
rfwhxdkue becomes concerned more than rawhqav, so rfwhxdkue is more worrysome than rawhqav
mtlpgumxse becomes concerned more than xskvrhhvrifi, so mtlpgumxse is more worrysome than xskvrhhvrifi
vvza becomes concerned more than qkykpukf, so vvza is more worrysome than qkykpukf
ybeogys becomes concerned more than ylohtosuaqvv, so ybeogys is more worrysome than ylohtosuaqvv
acvbkfjob becomes concerned more than brceh, so brceh is less worrysome than acvbkfjob
fwxhpiqmv becomes concerned more than btlovspl, so btlovspl is less worrysome than fwxhpiqmv
vjrcga becomes concerned more than dehrkrjvaoz, so dehrkrjvaoz is less worrysome than vjrcga
uwwsigrrx becomes concerned more than zdner, so zdner is less worrysome than uwwsigrrx
ccml becomes concerned more than irncret, so irncret is less worrysome than ccml
gojdyux becomes concerned more than kwupkxf, so gojdyux is not less worrysome than kwupkxf
knubqxhgmhrd becomes concerned more than ashfpyuxbhb, so knubqxhgmhrd is not less worrysome than ashfpyuxbhb
oxvxtyuxru becomes concerned more than rjll, so oxvxtyuxru is not less worrysome than rjll
atm becomes concerned more than alwtmj, so atm is not less worrysome than alwtmj
eatgr becomes concerned more than ouhmw, so eatgr is not less worrysome than ouhmw
rarewb becomes concerned more than welylgdeopnx, so welylgdeopnx is not more worrysome than rarewb
ycjfbzsfyo becomes concerned more than looxoydjc, so looxoydjc is not more worrysome than ycjfbzsfyo
meeexkagseo becomes concerned more than gidibwszwexl, so gidibwszwexl is not more worrysome than meeexkagseo
frcumlkot becomes concerned more than yjcqo, so yjcqo is not more worrysome than frcumlkot
eyilhlff becomes concerned more than dhqufgtxa, so dhqufgtxa is not more worrysome than eyilhlff
mxpjvaiis believes would lead more than gyhhczzgnbth, so mxpjvaiis is more strong than gyhhczzgnbth
yvgaaahasi believes would lead more than twbtkvfvh, so yvgaaahasi is more strong than twbtkvfvh
teun believes would lead more than xsp, so teun is more strong than xsp
xpwtbrrwk believes would lead more than tdaovhzgjuxf, so xpwtbrrwk is more strong than tdaovhzgjuxf
ymctnpw believes would lead more than sdolrmw, so ymctnpw is more strong than sdolrmw
tuyfzd believes would lead more than wvhxxmuv, so wvhxxmuv is less strong than tuyfzd
njxzfziknx believes would lead more than bneo, so bneo is less strong than njxzfziknx
dyzchtcoe believes would lead more than kilnw, so kilnw is less strong than dyzchtcoe
tesfkyjunt believes would lead more than dzv, so dzv is less strong than tesfkyjunt
lzayx believes would lead more than cnxdrt, so cnxdrt is less strong than lzayx
yuorjtxsofwo believes would lead more than kruvf, so yuorjtxsofwo is not less strong than kruvf
bvl believes would lead more than yjz, so bvl is not less strong than yjz
fqqzovapzy believes would lead more than npi, so fqqzovapzy is not less strong than npi
wmayuezkyr believes would lead more than zcowmkmqjmzq, so wmayuezkyr is not less strong than zcowmkmqjmzq
sum believes would lead more than pdwwjhqlxipp, so sum is not less strong than pdwwjhqlxipp
mpcymiuj believes would lead more than chtbrfckduho, so chtbrfckduho is not more strong than mpcymiuj
eppdfcon believes would lead more than frgbcqyghnkp, so frgbcqyghnkp is not more strong than eppdfcon
fbrmfkvffukj believes would lead more than tvbs, so tvbs is not more strong than fbrmfkvffukj
glfgqknb believes would lead more than qrwtgtv, so qrwtgtv is not more strong than glfgqknb
lyhko believes would lead more than dxbvhfog, so dxbvhfog is not more strong than lyhko
iyfveqrgvck leaves another person's mom more than qyhvzsrheub, so iyfveqrgvck is more confident than qyhvzsrheub
anh leaves another person's mom more than ybeptqpzgusa, so anh is more confident than ybeptqpzgusa
soxihtovzhmo leaves another person's mom more than tmqtlrdjvnx, so soxihtovzhmo is more confident than tmqtlrdjvnx
hculu leaves another person's mom more than iauezq, so hculu is more confident than iauezq
dayhsrw leaves another person's mom more than vwpbkpmzmgjm, so dayhsrw is more confident than vwpbkpmzmgjm
jwwishjlhtm leaves another person's mom more than hytdc, so hytdc is less confident than jwwishjlhtm
omqpumcuarz leaves another person's mom more than yqwumew, so yqwumew is less confident than omqpumcuarz
kkojhlznmbbt leaves another person's mom more than ylh, so ylh is less confident than kkojhlznmbbt
hudba leaves another person's mom more than buu, so buu is less confident than hudba
sjyvfkcl leaves another person's mom more than btdlxazhaye, so btdlxazhaye is less confident than sjyvfkcl
lftvdihod leaves another person's mom more than xqpimybvtuyu, so lftvdihod is not less confident than xqpimybvtuyu
mgs leaves another person's mom more than ogsmqypiqcp, so mgs is not less confident than ogsmqypiqcp
kktby leaves another person's mom more than zfrowqfy, so kktby is not less confident than zfrowqfy
zdngdxrvrzgf leaves another person's mom more than kyfxzqdjbjui, so zdngdxrvrzgf is not less confident than kyfxzqdjbjui
luqpc leaves another person's mom more than goiysq, so luqpc is not less confident than goiysq
ylnmjkzdaq leaves another person's mom more than rrkzjplkxmq, so rrkzjplkxmq is not more confident than ylnmjkzdaq
uokpdkdmsnnc leaves another person's mom more than fxluktnnjjh, so fxluktnnjjh is not more confident than uokpdkdmsnnc
cqkngkixw leaves another person's mom more than lsufmp, so lsufmp is not more confident than cqkngkixw
bhgswzechsr leaves another person's mom more than cxfccqropu, so cxfccqropu is not more confident than bhgswzechsr
kir leaves another person's mom more than ywbwnmadx, so ywbwnmadx is not more confident than kir
fbstm gets the better of another person more than uwbkgznylkle, so fbstm is more spiteful than uwbkgznylkle
znohjdtys gets the better of another person more than owoimma, so znohjdtys is more spiteful than owoimma
nrwdjuaayu gets the better of another person more than edftxbbp, so nrwdjuaayu is more spiteful than edftxbbp
jic gets the better of another person more than mgcrkmzp, so jic is more spiteful than mgcrkmzp
wpji gets the better of another person more than xmy, so wpji is more spiteful than xmy
ufnsiiycs gets the better of another person more than xnqbwaav, so xnqbwaav is less spiteful than ufnsiiycs
mtzd gets the better of another person more than dvzghddc, so dvzghddc is less spiteful than mtzd
wstvilku gets the better of another person more than efkwn, so efkwn is less spiteful than wstvilku
dbkb gets the better of another person more than iccbu, so iccbu is less spiteful than dbkb
belcgkz gets the better of another person more than opdqavued, so opdqavued is less spiteful than belcgkz
alsfap gets the better of another person more than yjfxfmzshu, so alsfap is not less spiteful than yjfxfmzshu
kbckwdzxdf gets the better of another person more than mcvuft, so kbckwdzxdf is not less spiteful than mcvuft
tzyywrlxvk gets the better of another person more than fgqslwu, so tzyywrlxvk is not less spiteful than fgqslwu
ihhcmyvpgq gets the better of another person more than mrfysnqo, so ihhcmyvpgq is not less spiteful than mrfysnqo
zpgkdabwvgqq gets the better of another person more than vlvcsl, so zpgkdabwvgqq is not less spiteful than vlvcsl
ezxmsxhqp gets the better of another person more than msigypvv, so msigypvv is not more spiteful than ezxmsxhqp
vsvj gets the better of another person more than xyw, so xyw is not more spiteful than vsvj
dst gets the better of another person more than gxmtyycquy, so gxmtyycquy is not more spiteful than dst
wijlg gets the better of another person more than fxinfvk, so fxinfvk is not more spiteful than wijlg
mbwqmjiowa gets the better of another person more than lho, so lho is not more spiteful than mbwqmjiowa
kurseg gets bored more than eqz, so kurseg is more lazy than eqz
tkcjum gets bored more than qzdfidstrg, so tkcjum is more lazy than qzdfidstrg
fizi gets bored more than rrv, so fizi is more lazy than rrv
ehkcctktvlhn gets bored more than xnfeinvmaprq, so ehkcctktvlhn is more lazy than xnfeinvmaprq
inwxlidfzne gets bored more than euqr, so inwxlidfzne is more lazy than euqr
wvowxkuc gets bored more than rtjsaakz, so rtjsaakz is less lazy than wvowxkuc
kmbzivkg gets bored more than loz, so loz is less lazy than kmbzivkg
vmihlsfr gets bored more than yvzfwunmvf, so yvzfwunmvf is less lazy than vmihlsfr
enbph gets bored more than pyfdpdudyruk, so pyfdpdudyruk is less lazy than enbph
wlkqnlrlehnd gets bored more than tsx, so tsx is less lazy than wlkqnlrlehnd
iqfqtvwo gets bored more than xxsoy, so iqfqtvwo is not less lazy than xxsoy
lvcivb gets bored more than ikgrncydqwy, so lvcivb is not less lazy than ikgrncydqwy
pbbdylxunep gets bored more than cjqb, so pbbdylxunep is not less lazy than cjqb
poifjp gets bored more than qlepyueyo, so poifjp is not less lazy than qlepyueyo
asozqiqfm gets bored more than gfklsodjs, so asozqiqfm is not less lazy than gfklsodjs
edfv gets bored more than sqx, so sqx is not more lazy than edfv
wvsrbbblxi gets bored more than sty, so sty is not more lazy than wvsrbbblxi
oiatkvqgudh gets bored more than rol, so rol is not more lazy than oiatkvqgudh
mlux gets bored more than fowfmvpicd, so fowfmvpicd is not more lazy than mlux
hmpzjz gets bored more than cnnoerf, so cnnoerf is not more lazy than hmpzjz
tkuuygoaf sees my dog more than fywiv, so tkuuygoaf is more appreciative than fywiv
yivneyb sees my dog more than odphstccig, so yivneyb is more appreciative than odphstccig
xariccbippnd sees my dog more than lvmmqxoziofx, so xariccbippnd is more appreciative than lvmmqxoziofx
nfcqdwizs sees my dog more than nnlavzwg, so nfcqdwizs is more appreciative than nnlavzwg
zrrpllcppt sees my dog more than nntqmqxsk, so zrrpllcppt is more appreciative than nntqmqxsk
hnufadthgtbp sees my dog more than ahyxroktfeux, so ahyxroktfeux is less appreciative than hnufadthgtbp
vmypplgm sees my dog more than ycrn, so ycrn is less appreciative than vmypplgm
umwgk sees my dog more than aaaslth, so aaaslth is less appreciative than umwgk
qcmepzxrarb sees my dog more than fudb, so fudb is less appreciative than qcmepzxrarb
qnkuuxf sees my dog more than rltt, so rltt is less appreciative than qnkuuxf
sixhn sees my dog more than denrgbl, so sixhn is not less appreciative than denrgbl
hvkdnli sees my dog more than uljpxunjos, so hvkdnli is not less appreciative than uljpxunjos
jgddo sees my dog more than mawig, so jgddo is not less appreciative than mawig
cnohn sees my dog more than idllpjdfzv, so cnohn is not less appreciative than idllpjdfzv
mnz sees my dog more than hlikxyr, so mnz is not less appreciative than hlikxyr
egd sees my dog more than suyfcnjsy, so suyfcnjsy is not more appreciative than egd
xfytpzvusj sees my dog more than ttrsys, so ttrsys is not more appreciative than xfytpzvusj
ixhihpdbmiu sees my dog more than xneupu, so xneupu is not more appreciative than ixhihpdbmiu
eumhsudanrgy sees my dog more than ckcwbvzckxpy, so ckcwbvzckxpy is not more appreciative than eumhsudanrgy
yroxpmnz sees my dog more than nnpaohtkzsbu, so nnpaohtkzsbu is not more appreciative than yroxpmnz
sjthhkukonwh wants to visit more than qrfzduo, so sjthhkukonwh is more eager than qrfzduo
vkr wants to visit more than pjlhuwleuno, so vkr is more eager than pjlhuwleuno
qzftdc wants to visit more than uhsjteznbkws, so qzftdc is more eager than uhsjteznbkws
luajvntvoqyc wants to visit more than yzcqjvrdckjb, so luajvntvoqyc is more eager than yzcqjvrdckjb
wlvsvatiu wants to visit more than jkxwiks, so wlvsvatiu is more eager than jkxwiks
ssjuusqkd wants to visit more than nigotvindx, so nigotvindx is less eager than ssjuusqkd
fshokdycgokc wants to visit more than vsr, so vsr is less eager than fshokdycgokc
ruwvaiavkr wants to visit more than wwgvauupwkij, so wwgvauupwkij is less eager than ruwvaiavkr
zfuvzj wants to visit more than detr, so detr is less eager than zfuvzj
onmugpbmdz wants to visit more than gyebeb, so gyebeb is less eager than onmugpbmdz
pwsccqwrx wants to visit more than nislqm, so pwsccqwrx is not less eager than nislqm
iqkdgewms wants to visit more than bkxjg, so iqkdgewms is not less eager than bkxjg
nhdbymptbu wants to visit more than mztbjqc, so nhdbymptbu is not less eager than mztbjqc
pkf wants to visit more than tlv, so pkf is not less eager than tlv
ssj wants to visit more than tigbcptyc, so ssj is not less eager than tigbcptyc
wjchjnw wants to visit fwzqmlsxc, so fwzqmlsxc is not more eager than wjchjnw
zoj wants to visit zwxb, so zwxb is not more eager than zoj
ppyrg wants to visit osjbjybafp, so osjbjybafp is not more eager than ppyrg
zokcjrnp wants to visit utjbq, so utjbq is not more eager than zokcjrnp
lczx wants to visit rys, so rys is not more eager than lczx
wmqkyf gains their ends more than bbvsqdhhx, so wmqkyf is more determined than bbvsqdhhx
omz gains their ends more than glpbrovh, so omz is more determined than glpbrovh
fzxuoizt gains their ends more than wmj, so fzxuoizt is more determined than wmj
oaj gains their ends more than gesextqz, so oaj is more determined than gesextqz
gikdjga gains their ends more than kvfggqu, so gikdjga is more determined than kvfggqu
orrqblicxk gains their ends more than wdhd, so wdhd is less determined than orrqblicxk
kuyiiqnhtto gains their ends more than vkzcdqrp, so vkzcdqrp is less determined than kuyiiqnhtto
xamekpwinade gains their ends more than xkndxncuvk, so xkndxncuvk is less determined than xamekpwinade
qpbgyktrlsfo gains their ends more than utgyexl, so utgyexl is less determined than qpbgyktrlsfo
kagztwiae gains their ends more than ojkus, so ojkus is less determined than kagztwiae
saiigyncgv gains their ends more than eqkzmzmbauzm, so saiigyncgv is not less determined than eqkzmzmbauzm
rhqeccai gains their ends more than sre, so rhqeccai is not less determined than sre
miq gains their ends more than lxala, so miq is not less determined than lxala
sjxiry gains their ends more than uegbzjev, so sjxiry is not less determined than uegbzjev
cwlonblkj gains their ends more than qqgpjbjgxs, so cwlonblkj is not less determined than qqgpjbjgxs
znlpzmvdyij gains their ends more than gqrxk, so gqrxk is not more determined than znlpzmvdyij
bvwhhcju gains their ends more than mcbb, so mcbb is not more determined than bvwhhcju
khejyk gains their ends more than umyhewd, so umyhewd is not more determined than khejyk
jwr gains their ends more than vmpi, so vmpi is not more determined than jwr
cinhbug gains their ends more than ptjicpakbr, so ptjicpakbr is not more determined than cinhbug
uqx gets the results more than rcaelhzwcg, so uqx is more hard working than rcaelhzwcg
msa gets the results more than enhbzejmxfj, so msa is more hard working than enhbzejmxfj
gyo gets the results more than umazxxis, so gyo is more hard working than umazxxis
kppskpvc gets the results more than oss, so kppskpvc is more hard working than oss
mzr gets the results more than wop, so mzr is more hard working than wop
brl gets the results more than atd, so atd is less hard working than brl
psnewzxgbxu gets the results more than fejjebyru, so fejjebyru is less hard working than psnewzxgbxu
yrgc gets the results more than ucxjzkhkq, so ucxjzkhkq is less hard working than yrgc
euaiqxoru gets the results more than xdrhmdzcesgu, so xdrhmdzcesgu is less hard working than euaiqxoru
zdowdkfs gets the results more than evmuodf, so evmuodf is less hard working than zdowdkfs
whm gets the results more than uhmentdtqu, so whm is not less hard working than uhmentdtqu
vapisrlkd gets the results more than yxh, so vapisrlkd is not less hard working than yxh
vfujmmlp gets the results more than comresiqi, so vfujmmlp is not less hard working than comresiqi
pte gets the results more than trqcyiritkq, so pte is not less hard working than trqcyiritkq
epxymepjkhd gets the results more than cjrepffv, so epxymepjkhd is not less hard working than cjrepffv
ynf gets the results more than irsw, so irsw is not less hard working than ynf
vdwcyjhxde gets the results more than qdqo, so qdqo is not less hard working than vdwcyjhxde
nrmxm gets the results more than juiweff, so juiweff is not less hard working than nrmxm
pkpachoumi gets the results more than lesujpjzocdr, so lesujpjzocdr is not less hard working than pkpachoumi
oak gets the results more than okobfhqk, so okobfhqk is not less hard working than oak
prdquoqxzlv is sitting at home, efoqrfaodk is sitting at home, so prdquoqxzlv is less patient than efoqrfaodk
rstumsfxh is sitting at home, oyv is sitting at home, so rstumsfxh is less patient than oyv
lfphgc is sitting at home, vsd is sitting at home, so lfphgc is less patient than vsd
teuyp is sitting at home, efgarvvd is sitting at home, so teuyp is less patient than efgarvvd
wuqlmvw is sitting at home, xycujgl is sitting at home, so wuqlmvw is less patient than xycujgl
jtoxle is sitting at home, lliwfkpb is sitting at home, so lliwfkpb is less patient than jtoxle
gyjnbpmw is sitting at home, vhcdhas is sitting at home, so vhcdhas is less patient than gyjnbpmw
mqqas is sitting at home, pnf is sitting at home, so pnf is less patient than mqqas
iszenahd is sitting at home, slhpefdcffi is sitting at home, so slhpefdcffi is less patient than iszenahd
mfrmox is sitting at home, vxjdmcmu is sitting at home, so vxjdmcmu is less patient than mfrmox
oqhijpyd is sitting at home more than kmzjxhsrr, so oqhijpyd is not less patient than kmzjxhsrr
rsmovjmrk is sitting at home more than gjbc, so rsmovjmrk is not less patient than gjbc
mkmgrya is sitting at home more than atrvobstbgd, so mkmgrya is not less patient than atrvobstbgd
vgzswod is sitting at home more than itshvobmkw, so vgzswod is not less patient than itshvobmkw
ggq is sitting at home more than ztgnsmv, so ggq is not less patient than ztgnsmv
jmtlbjo is sitting at home more than csiku, so csiku is not more patient than jmtlbjo
hgt is sitting at home more than xcdlzypqmkw, so xcdlzypqmkw is not more patient than hgt
vscustgmvah is sitting at home more than kwd, so kwd is not more patient than vscustgmvah
jxwymcw is sitting at home more than zuh, so zuh is not more patient than jxwymcw
aqtxxwg is sitting at home more than hipb, so hipb is not more patient than aqtxxwg
jznn wants to make a good impression more than loo, so jznn is more self conscious than loo
ramd wants to make a good impression more than uaxf, so ramd is more self conscious than uaxf
nkoclod wants to make a good impression more than qje, so nkoclod is more self conscious than qje
sxhfssvq wants to make a good impression more than tteyamlgkp, so sxhfssvq is more self conscious than tteyamlgkp
klkdvolex wants to make a good impression more than atxpf, so klkdvolex is more self conscious than atxpf
okgt wants to make a good impression more than akyutiansrc, so akyutiansrc is less self conscious than okgt
vbxkxvyjz wants to make a good impression more than wmsmpaidkxsu, so wmsmpaidkxsu is less self conscious than vbxkxvyjz
zejcblum wants to make a good impression more than tqyadyvodd, so tqyadyvodd is less self conscious than zejcblum
gaqfinofaxkr wants to make a good impression more than oxbqcccrkvq, so oxbqcccrkvq is less self conscious than gaqfinofaxkr
tnrkgpjwikpx wants to make a good impression more than qxqwrhhljm, so qxqwrhhljm is less self conscious than tnrkgpjwikpx
qwolomeirxd wants to make a good impression more than upyqyyvdoim, so qwolomeirxd is not less self conscious than upyqyyvdoim
zjxticgoyf wants to make a good impression more than gmaddprxfsv, so zjxticgoyf is not less self conscious than gmaddprxfsv
yshvsgsveh wants to make a good impression more than ocwsxibya, so yshvsgsveh is not less self conscious than ocwsxibya
lsvopmv wants to make a good impression more than kdtnevqc, so lsvopmv is not less self conscious than kdtnevqc
ntjcafqle wants to make a good impression more than pofadlzfg, so ntjcafqle is not less self conscious than pofadlzfg
hgpootszhj wants to make a good impression more than kvvtztkcb, so kvvtztkcb is not more self conscious than hgpootszhj
qvzknh wants to make a good impression more than zsz, so zsz is not more self conscious than qvzknh
uvadybbyf wants to make a good impression more than ksoe, so ksoe is not more self conscious than uvadybbyf
afzbfabmju wants to make a good impression more than mrf, so mrf is not more self conscious than afzbfabmju
jmivgwbb wants to make a good impression more than helrdx, so helrdx is not more self conscious than jmivgwbb
ekmcjxbf finds another person's mother more than iqo, so ekmcjxbf is more surprised than iqo
pvuvstbj finds another person's mother more than dtgjz, so pvuvstbj is more surprised than dtgjz
fohotols finds another person's mother more than vbrpldrjwi, so fohotols is more surprised than vbrpldrjwi
qwxkztum finds another person's mother more than fzhg, so qwxkztum is more surprised than fzhg
sdjvaghs finds another person's mother more than kypjvej, so sdjvaghs is more surprised than kypjvej
jvftcn finds another person's mother more than tnzqnny, so tnzqnny is less surprised than jvftcn
rpaqwwtcqs finds another person's mother more than tyb, so tyb is less surprised than rpaqwwtcqs
vpmkelwlns finds another person's mother more than kltl, so kltl is less surprised than vpmkelwlns
inbzmqvx finds another person's mother more than neivpkaqwtj, so neivpkaqwtj is less surprised than inbzmqvx
puuy finds another person's mother more than mtpzrkwybbwg, so mtpzrkwybbwg is less surprised than puuy
fwxzdmsrtpj finds another person's mother more than ncch, so fwxzdmsrtpj is not less surprised than ncch
vaebgsykdjd finds another person's mother more than yxir, so vaebgsykdjd is not less surprised than yxir
wumnjhz finds another person's mother more than bdctpuajheqe, so wumnjhz is not less surprised than bdctpuajheqe
ipcuaq finds another person's mother more than rtmgmwo, so ipcuaq is not less surprised than rtmgmwo
jyytqddx finds another person's mother more than jirwok, so jyytqddx is not less surprised than jirwok
gsk finds another person's mother more than tiukku, so tiukku is not more surprised than gsk
hxvfnitsvzs finds another person's mother more than ijjbilc, so ijjbilc is not more surprised than hxvfnitsvzs
uouwlyyyuerw finds another person's mother more than eywkls, so eywkls is not more surprised than uouwlyyyuerw
ktzv finds another person's mother more than vzyumya, so vzyumya is not more surprised than ktzv
tznuvqvfwab finds another person's mother more than aega, so aega is not more surprised than tznuvqvfwab
nwnn gives another person look more than dhyaumebsyv, so nwnn is more unhappy than dhyaumebsyv
mubdgl gives another person look more than oygoydo, so mubdgl is more unhappy than oygoydo
pbat gives another person look more than rfqacidc, so pbat is more unhappy than rfqacidc
egkbzywd gives another person look more than axdmfwmqneo, so egkbzywd is more unhappy than axdmfwmqneo
ebsqtlcg gives another person look more than khtvhsnbx, so ebsqtlcg is more unhappy than khtvhsnbx
qgciyu gives another person look more than zhhog, so zhhog is less unhappy than qgciyu
lffbjvt gives another person look more than fnt, so fnt is less unhappy than lffbjvt
podu gives another person look more than mcjezukp, so mcjezukp is less unhappy than podu
fsfrcz gives another person look more than gqpvh, so gqpvh is less unhappy than fsfrcz
iumpon gives another person look more than ztzscns, so ztzscns is less unhappy than iumpon
dhvrhtcuhq gives another person look more than ybdttczcn, so dhvrhtcuhq is not less unhappy than ybdttczcn
astqrucbpy gives another person look more than nngwcwejszi, so astqrucbpy is not less unhappy than nngwcwejszi
jadgzgke gives another person look more than dzvavoqnpe, so jadgzgke is not less unhappy than dzvavoqnpe
huc gives another person look more than ahhoiewz, so huc is not less unhappy than ahhoiewz
tmsbl gives another person look more than ixniunihmjx, so tmsbl is not less unhappy than ixniunihmjx
wxtfxwkfs gives another person look more than ascpsumrsy, so ascpsumrsy is not more unhappy than wxtfxwkfs
elmdgi gives another person look more than lcbrcqkx, so lcbrcqkx is not more unhappy than elmdgi
kdzd gives another person look more than mskawynnxdd, so mskawynnxdd is not more unhappy than kdzd
snbgwh gives another person look more than sirkrrlxh, so sirkrrlxh is not more unhappy than snbgwh
hxtdjsg gives another person look more than nqk, so nqk is not more unhappy than hxtdjsg
ooi invites friends more than vrnpevbzuy, so ooi is more cordial than vrnpevbzuy
twarbnjynibw invites friends more than vlv, so twarbnjynibw is more cordial than vlv
lfwgkfni invites friends more than vlpo, so lfwgkfni is more cordial than vlpo
jvqv invites friends more than wav, so jvqv is more cordial than wav
iifepiosudxh invites friends more than xceqtdwsxb, so iifepiosudxh is more cordial than xceqtdwsxb
zkaoevfkzvi invites friends more than hhanxhryfxk, so hhanxhryfxk is less cordial than zkaoevfkzvi
upcrfxtwveo invites friends more than zqdxzqn, so zqdxzqn is less cordial than upcrfxtwveo
jpojyhjbcyci invites friends more than shveed, so shveed is less cordial than jpojyhjbcyci
dxj invites friends more than lqhlx, so lqhlx is less cordial than dxj
blakpw invites friends more than esejgl, so esejgl is less cordial than blakpw
sve invites friends more than qhdwa, so sve is not less cordial than qhdwa
upd invites friends more than hzebzogi, so upd is not less cordial than hzebzogi
vhueyyscftyb invites friends more than fdstzoejqw, so vhueyyscftyb is not less cordial than fdstzoejqw
msvywg invites friends more than cqbv, so msvywg is not less cordial than cqbv
jimsvqihzpjw invites friends more than odce, so jimsvqihzpjw is not less cordial than odce
ydvmmwimizhk invites friends more than rqnzqfnjec, so rqnzqfnjec is not more cordial than ydvmmwimizhk
wljg invites friends more than bbngrurf, so bbngrurf is not more cordial than wljg
hez invites friends more than bcskmzpe, so bcskmzpe is not more cordial than hez
ahf invites friends more than xlvafymvdmap, so xlvafymvdmap is not more cordial than ahf
hvxhykmbgt invites friends more than flgnjpjzzrew, so flgnjpjzzrew is not more cordial than hvxhykmbgt
jmwm gets depressed more than godvfnipf, so jmwm is less medicated than godvfnipf
zmjo gets depressed more than xppkstttmef, so zmjo is less medicated than xppkstttmef
gwkvr gets depressed more than cbpsvzo, so gwkvr is less medicated than cbpsvzo
tyjwidb gets depressed more than azxktilaer, so tyjwidb is less medicated than azxktilaer
wikrglynd gets depressed more than woii, so wikrglynd is less medicated than woii
ktkzonkpk gets depressed more than kosyeokssjev, so kosyeokssjev is less medicated than ktkzonkpk
fcdnozrw gets depressed more than zhvwrypfv, so zhvwrypfv is less medicated than fcdnozrw
wco gets depressed more than nnesvpgibfye, so nnesvpgibfye is less medicated than wco
zoywmr gets depressed more than gltro, so gltro is less medicated than zoywmr
qpz gets depressed more than osuoubigvw, so osuoubigvw is less medicated than qpz
sbbhfzlmr gets depressed more than sglfwtodx, so sbbhfzlmr is not less medicated than sglfwtodx
phhflcfkiqui gets depressed more than sxqbmgjc, so phhflcfkiqui is not less medicated than sxqbmgjc
wahcyshbrg gets depressed more than zzaj, so wahcyshbrg is not less medicated than zzaj
kknnhndsdeh gets depressed more than ltyxwwxobql, so kknnhndsdeh is not less medicated than ltyxwwxobql
gwmfrot gets depressed more than cff, so gwmfrot is not less medicated than cff
dpm gets depressed more than tadrqgntuip, so tadrqgntuip is not more medicated than dpm
stldjoro gets depressed more than fudgjglugl, so fudgjglugl is not more medicated than stldjoro
tznixpaac gets depressed more than wcx, so wcx is not more medicated than tznixpaac
ukqsn gets depressed more than rtlhsxdbmxov, so rtlhsxdbmxov is not more medicated than ukqsn
tjixybstucrr gets depressed more than lclnshg, so lclnshg is not more medicated than tjixybstucrr
eyxqethapeb carries another person around more than ujtwnsjbfnav, so eyxqethapeb is more helpful than ujtwnsjbfnav
yuh carries another person around more than uyxqjwolpyey, so yuh is more helpful than uyxqjwolpyey
afljess carries another person around more than pehkmddhg, so afljess is more helpful than pehkmddhg
eivbxota carries another person around more than ixrzeubsr, so eivbxota is more helpful than ixrzeubsr
ebxcwudhql carries another person around more than wswz, so ebxcwudhql is more helpful than wswz
vifhzxrw carries another person around more than eayk, so eayk is less helpful than vifhzxrw
ugb carries another person around more than ezwcakysie, so ezwcakysie is less helpful than ugb
wgfynyhulizp carries another person around more than lbgfyak, so lbgfyak is less helpful than wgfynyhulizp
omro carries another person around more than lzzv, so lzzv is less helpful than omro
zram carries another person around more than vgkqwvo, so vgkqwvo is less helpful than zram
yinbqhl carries another person around more than qggtpwx, so yinbqhl is not less helpful than qggtpwx
gyvogledoz carries another person around more than afrzcrbs, so gyvogledoz is not less helpful than afrzcrbs
mtkldlqekj carries another person around more than sglc, so mtkldlqekj is not less helpful than sglc
jdhxhkgnxpl carries another person around more than bjurxwoj, so jdhxhkgnxpl is not less helpful than bjurxwoj
rcthwgiwtn carries another person around more than sbsh, so rcthwgiwtn is not less helpful than sbsh
vyut carries another person around more than qiznlophp, so qiznlophp is not more helpful than vyut
xcbdjjwmxjm carries another person around more than uiya, so uiya is not more helpful than xcbdjjwmxjm
wiaqfifb carries another person around more than asefeeqochp, so asefeeqochp is not more helpful than wiaqfifb
ptopolk carries another person around more than peue, so peue is not more helpful than ptopolk
hgknq carries another person around more than bmxbijpydnt, so bmxbijpydnt is not more helpful than hgknq
jktqrz feels proud of himself more than vahqwmbx, so jktqrz is more proud than vahqwmbx
gxrziahyucou feels proud of himself more than qdysenl, so gxrziahyucou is more proud than qdysenl
hfgs feels proud of himself more than xgzssin, so hfgs is more proud than xgzssin
jff feels proud of himself more than tbmg, so jff is more proud than tbmg
gamzouspd feels proud of himself more than faye, so gamzouspd is more proud than faye
ybcbxmsftgz feels proud of himself more than omewtuhe, so omewtuhe is less proud than ybcbxmsftgz
awujduerziwi feels proud of himself more than wgbmsvx, so wgbmsvx is less proud than awujduerziwi
gewnbbznbreu feels proud of himself more than totp, so totp is less proud than gewnbbznbreu
mfgrwggcn feels proud of himself more than kjudtjyj, so kjudtjyj is less proud than mfgrwggcn
ayjgv feels proud of himself more than bkee, so bkee is less proud than ayjgv
mkjuqr feels proud of himself more than etjoyx, so mkjuqr is not less proud than etjoyx
lnhje feels proud of himself more than gso, so lnhje is not less proud than gso
uyvxyxormwg feels proud of himself more than fgbotil, so uyvxyxormwg is not less proud than fgbotil
mafyrpkkmf feels proud of himself more than bgm, so mafyrpkkmf is not less proud than bgm
jzjerkqnstbs feels proud of himself more than wgpbmtn, so jzjerkqnstbs is not less proud than wgpbmtn
lasjyztqf feels proud of himself more than cjsth, so cjsth is not more proud than lasjyztqf
tvrvg feels proud of himself more than myoieqoskn, so myoieqoskn is not more proud than tvrvg
nhifmg feels proud of himself more than tmjcodpq, so tmjcodpq is not more proud than nhifmg
qarz feels proud of himself more than azfsqidlpo, so azfsqidlpo is not more proud than qarz
xuiqvatyy feels proud of himself more than rwuwjeinkx, so rwuwjeinkx is not more proud than xuiqvatyy
wdtdjc takes another person part more than yohzzl, so wdtdjc is more greedy than yohzzl
grglovfla takes another person part more than ubtv, so grglovfla is more greedy than ubtv
oknean takes another person part more than pmrfbctluku, so oknean is more greedy than pmrfbctluku
ynplsix takes another person part more than smcqwoz, so ynplsix is more greedy than smcqwoz
clmxeol takes another person part more than zhji, so clmxeol is more greedy than zhji
ctfhx takes another person part more than yvuqe, so yvuqe is less greedy than ctfhx
wqdwkbxibeum takes another person part more than dygzreplwwl, so dygzreplwwl is less greedy than wqdwkbxibeum
ypilbcydhz takes another person part more than ioebwwxht, so ioebwwxht is less greedy than ypilbcydhz
zmowvlscxu takes another person part more than jrwlqiyps, so jrwlqiyps is less greedy than zmowvlscxu
tptmjpd takes another person part more than ziivugtkbv, so ziivugtkbv is less greedy than tptmjpd
vxlf takes another person part more than spnctp, so vxlf is not less greedy than spnctp
dzqivm takes another person part more than zgfizfdoz, so dzqivm is not less greedy than zgfizfdoz
eeau takes another person part more than wkapsg, so eeau is not less greedy than wkapsg
bnweui takes another person part more than ziucmy, so bnweui is not less greedy than ziucmy
jvigyaww takes another person part more than gaysia, so jvigyaww is not less greedy than gaysia
uuoqljdpwim takes another person part more than fhoeunjmlfoy, so fhoeunjmlfoy is not more greedy than uuoqljdpwim
etignoe takes another person part more than zjlk, so zjlk is not more greedy than etignoe
taciripth takes another person part more than ttqltadua, so ttqltadua is not more greedy than taciripth
yjaibrezvtdl takes another person part more than waw, so waw is not more greedy than yjaibrezvtdl
ftyjgebgg takes another person part more than ubql, so ubql is not more greedy than ftyjgebgg
djmluqg waves back more than ebj, so djmluqg is more friendly than ebj
lnpm waves back more than jhb, so lnpm is more friendly than jhb
mcmzbljnxt waves back more than aiwba, so mcmzbljnxt is more friendly than aiwba
ddquhyfmu waves back more than eeexxgxbql, so ddquhyfmu is more friendly than eeexxgxbql
jkpieq waves back more than rbvkrz, so jkpieq is more friendly than rbvkrz
ysrusvw waves back more than fok, so fok is less friendly than ysrusvw
lvplusvrfo waves back more than dfhmtybgpcs, so dfhmtybgpcs is less friendly than lvplusvrfo
onhyyeadplim waves back more than lyawv, so lyawv is less friendly than onhyyeadplim
qibnfpj waves back more than vvyu, so vvyu is less friendly than qibnfpj
ehfthywftsle waves back more than ufelvfjof, so ufelvfjof is less friendly than ehfthywftsle
zxs waves back more than cgqgkalfv, so zxs is not less friendly than cgqgkalfv
abchv waves back more than ylfnkyfzfuks, so abchv is not less friendly than ylfnkyfzfuks
wdn waves back more than vnpidryznt, so wdn is not less friendly than vnpidryznt
nwh waves back more than uzqpufaof, so nwh is not less friendly than uzqpufaof
xfzzykjaa waves back more than nkgcju, so xfzzykjaa is not less friendly than nkgcju
ndegrrqaffrx waves back more than mehadzpa, so mehadzpa is not more friendly than ndegrrqaffrx
wsissgnu waves back more than gubshiaiuw, so gubshiaiuw is not more friendly than wsissgnu
orexbajp waves back more than fiyg, so fiyg is not more friendly than orexbajp
kwwing waves back more than zzddojrw, so zzddojrw is not more friendly than kwwing
zavpsta waves back more than yiqgybt, so yiqgybt is not more friendly than zavpsta
ebehvadykfvw tests their skills more than hwqbrtrrv, so ebehvadykfvw is more clever than hwqbrtrrv
dyojburow tests their skills more than sukmuzftv, so dyojburow is more clever than sukmuzftv
nlcn tests their skills more than naqeulyc, so nlcn is more clever than naqeulyc
iba tests their skills more than otkk, so iba is more clever than otkk
gkulfyqvv tests their skills more than vahzmnrwnuu, so gkulfyqvv is more clever than vahzmnrwnuu
udfygdoclarj tests their skills more than ryz, so ryz is less clever than udfygdoclarj
cjjvlfuqr tests their skills more than zpk, so zpk is less clever than cjjvlfuqr
euovthnues tests their skills more than djmhmndcdo, so djmhmndcdo is less clever than euovthnues
efyhmyplkzoc tests their skills more than oyhx, so oyhx is less clever than efyhmyplkzoc
wzktk tests their skills more than abrah, so abrah is less clever than wzktk
mnwalfylk tests their skills more than qmi, so mnwalfylk is not less clever than qmi
izmqut tests their skills more than fxv, so izmqut is not less clever than fxv
ntffuqbijhbq tests their skills more than qakmxb, so ntffuqbijhbq is not less clever than qakmxb
vypdhh tests their skills more than ryt, so vypdhh is not less clever than ryt
dgcdi tests their skills more than zqs, so dgcdi is not less clever than zqs
xdj tests their skills more than gwsbhywav, so gwsbhywav is not more clever than xdj
ljfidgwwg tests their skills more than iyddbuaslnup, so iyddbuaslnup is not more clever than ljfidgwwg
pczc tests their skills more than lyfmcqp, so lyfmcqp is not more clever than pczc
dwo tests their skills more than jmnip, so jmnip is not more clever than dwo
wvfp tests their skills more than geg, so geg is not more clever than wvfp
aebjy meets a new girl more than ojkemvuh, so aebjy is more hopeful than ojkemvuh
ujzdnjbcivxx meets a new girl more than nxaarudlh, so ujzdnjbcivxx is more hopeful than nxaarudlh
ufvttsttiztp meets a new girl more than hji, so ufvttsttiztp is more hopeful than hji
aisg meets a new girl more than mbitpeu, so aisg is more hopeful than mbitpeu
lhb meets a new girl more than elybdmdnd, so lhb is more hopeful than elybdmdnd
usopsycdyjgo meets a new girl more than ckgmfyrx, so ckgmfyrx is less hopeful than usopsycdyjgo
ayoltafw meets a new girl more than jvjf, so jvjf is less hopeful than ayoltafw
kwiyopb meets a new girl more than sjsxincqgi, so sjsxincqgi is less hopeful than kwiyopb
iblonok meets a new girl more than zklw, so zklw is less hopeful than iblonok
mpqgzalvx meets a new girl more than stskad, so stskad is less hopeful than mpqgzalvx
ghlignep meets a new girl more than vlbtdqf, so ghlignep is not less hopeful than vlbtdqf
evqfdof meets a new girl more than fvslfykcwo, so evqfdof is not less hopeful than fvslfykcwo
jljrvegjsnv meets a new girl more than uoazzslreg, so jljrvegjsnv is not less hopeful than uoazzslreg
lvrx meets a new girl more than wxwawpjp, so lvrx is not less hopeful than wxwawpjp
uuqnzupqiuw meets a new girl more than chhi, so uuqnzupqiuw is not less hopeful than chhi
mmscrbsy meets a new girl while qbxsif does not, so qbxsif is not more hopeful than mmscrbsy
pbxrpbwmk meets a new girl while fjtciuxzfnah does not, so fjtciuxzfnah is not more hopeful than pbxrpbwmk
pdp meets a new girl while vpvt does not, so vpvt is not more hopeful than pdp
iqjjxa meets a new girl while gdom does not, so gdom is not more hopeful than iqjjxa
mhadvkhggsqv meets a new girl while seooozn does not, so seooozn is not more hopeful than mhadvkhggsqv
emjtjcyk also gave more than zshbh, so emjtjcyk is more generous than zshbh
ksytelrqtw also gave more than wdm, so ksytelrqtw is more generous than wdm
shvaebrnfd also gave more than tqswpowsuz, so shvaebrnfd is more generous than tqswpowsuz
eggu also gave more than sxngrjbdr, so eggu is more generous than sxngrjbdr
lxg also gave more than ebxouswixta, so lxg is more generous than ebxouswixta
gzyoqde also gave more than udxtldnyl, so udxtldnyl is less generous than gzyoqde
hnvjok also gave more than zqzhvlrnj, so zqzhvlrnj is less generous than hnvjok
zizul also gave more than lxfiun, so lxfiun is less generous than zizul
iidbndjupm also gave more than iolnozl, so iolnozl is less generous than iidbndjupm
fqogmswzfkf also gave more than jlxol, so jlxol is less generous than fqogmswzfkf
kpnmhmedtccw also gave more than yrplighaa, so kpnmhmedtccw is not less generous than yrplighaa
icdrjuexswn also gave more than rbmyys, so icdrjuexswn is not less generous than rbmyys
hflyjzqwoc also gave more than fdhoexuykb, so hflyjzqwoc is not less generous than fdhoexuykb
oswzehnyjejs also gave more than stpgrabtaht, so oswzehnyjejs is not less generous than stpgrabtaht
zeh also gave more than rns, so zeh is not less generous than rns
jcui also gave more than aigmuzrm, so aigmuzrm is not more generous than jcui
jam also gave more than ahiqcoeguiz, so ahiqcoeguiz is not more generous than jam
rtozxmxk also gave more than xjynfxqbd, so xjynfxqbd is not more generous than rtozxmxk
sjjbuv also gave more than onfbegzffsjx, so onfbegzffsjx is not more generous than sjjbuv
sdqejst also gave more than jwncexkgy, so jwncexkgy is not more generous than sdqejst
kjozjy takes it to a veterinarian more than qjxnpqodg, so kjozjy is more worried than qjxnpqodg
qaoeqqxcs takes it to a veterinarian more than qctmzbs, so qaoeqqxcs is more worried than qctmzbs
idemlt takes it to a veterinarian more than fpifwtecjnr, so idemlt is more worried than fpifwtecjnr
etpjjh takes it to a veterinarian more than lncvz, so etpjjh is more worried than lncvz
ipikq takes it to a veterinarian more than xqvbtcwlyosq, so ipikq is more worried than xqvbtcwlyosq
wqzaq takes it to a veterinarian more than jzy, so jzy is less worried than wqzaq
jqbrokfnufr takes it to a veterinarian more than zrghurgq, so zrghurgq is less worried than jqbrokfnufr
jwxoiyxg takes it to a veterinarian more than dkp, so dkp is less worried than jwxoiyxg
oofatiyptkq takes it to a veterinarian more than cnflnwl, so cnflnwl is less worried than oofatiyptkq
dourqy takes it to a veterinarian more than bicg, so bicg is less worried than dourqy
xphukvpaigy takes it to a veterinarian more than edpgusr, so xphukvpaigy is not less worried than edpgusr
rnnzi takes it to a veterinarian more than gadvmsid, so rnnzi is not less worried than gadvmsid
ilxbh takes it to a veterinarian more than vdzpl, so ilxbh is not less worried than vdzpl
cwiqzappn takes it to a veterinarian more than znci, so cwiqzappn is not less worried than znci
tife takes it to a veterinarian more than urhas, so tife is not less worried than urhas
dsqwbgu takes it to a veterinarian more than dhcpghmrpid, so dhcpghmrpid is not more worried than dsqwbgu
dixizn takes it to a veterinarian more than lzigwgx, so lzigwgx is not more worried than dixizn
xzqlovfulrkw takes it to a veterinarian more than fgay, so fgay is not more worried than xzqlovfulrkw
ectdvvmnrn takes it to a veterinarian more than iasirpclo, so iasirpclo is not more worried than ectdvvmnrn
zhfuliwipyg takes it to a veterinarian more than dfilaxfvlqdw, so dfilaxfvlqdw is not more worried than zhfuliwipyg
wpsrbmetwlef touches another person's cheek more than xcaol, so wpsrbmetwlef is more gentle than xcaol
ymwroxmgja touches another person's cheek more than aisqsyxw, so ymwroxmgja is more gentle than aisqsyxw
dkmnaynh touches another person's cheek more than mqsithni, so dkmnaynh is more gentle than mqsithni
ndkfjxyyfhwm touches another person's cheek more than ebozdpiavyp, so ndkfjxyyfhwm is more gentle than ebozdpiavyp
kis touches another person's cheek more than nxfnvhejg, so kis is more gentle than nxfnvhejg
ocnhoyubj touches another person's cheek more than pcdrdnx, so pcdrdnx is less gentle than ocnhoyubj
vpkfhioi touches another person's cheek more than btorpbdtgc, so btorpbdtgc is less gentle than vpkfhioi
eyoywb touches another person's cheek more than iynhwbglx, so iynhwbglx is less gentle than eyoywb
ihhyjtwv touches another person's cheek more than qdzodznle, so qdzodznle is less gentle than ihhyjtwv
dljfkjzl touches another person's cheek more than vuta, so vuta is less gentle than dljfkjzl
urta touches another person's cheek more than twge, so urta is not less gentle than twge
zaw touches another person's cheek more than kurfqv, so zaw is not less gentle than kurfqv
jnaa touches another person's cheek more than wsxcxamdvq, so jnaa is not less gentle than wsxcxamdvq
ptrjfuckryo touches another person's cheek more than ibhxgaiagboe, so ptrjfuckryo is not less gentle than ibhxgaiagboe
rfmcobncmx touches another person's cheek more than abrmafdh, so rfmcobncmx is not less gentle than abrmafdh
haiyqw touches another person's cheek more than grlfeafhq, so grlfeafhq is not more gentle than haiyqw
fdciwc touches another person's cheek more than qys, so qys is not more gentle than fdciwc
civxxgrif touches another person's cheek more than ghqttz, so ghqttz is not more gentle than civxxgrif
znbqayfzqbw touches another person's cheek more than uynrgaakja, so uynrgaakja is not more gentle than znbqayfzqbw
iqwdnmhgk touches another person's cheek more than pejk, so pejk is not more gentle than iqwdnmhgk
nxxvafdknlwu follows another person into the room more than abkjqdhqxxz, so nxxvafdknlwu is more sneaky than abkjqdhqxxz
wnzapaclbz follows another person into the room more than zepvccud, so wnzapaclbz is more sneaky than zepvccud
kcceieudiwm follows another person into the room more than zrvp, so kcceieudiwm is more sneaky than zrvp
gaxjrujrf follows another person into the room more than bjlmnbihjao, so gaxjrujrf is more sneaky than bjlmnbihjao
ezwht follows another person into the room more than ixfeunmva, so ezwht is more sneaky than ixfeunmva
eymbxinxsaa follows another person into the room more than uhkkhkpjgdf, so uhkkhkpjgdf is less sneaky than eymbxinxsaa
xswn follows another person into the room more than auhryraotuj, so auhryraotuj is less sneaky than xswn
ngmvwdugxm follows another person into the room more than pwalolux, so pwalolux is less sneaky than ngmvwdugxm
jkdkfv follows another person into the room more than glamu, so glamu is less sneaky than jkdkfv
xmxfyjllb follows another person into the room more than rblblu, so rblblu is less sneaky than xmxfyjllb
cddnekuqbcf follows another person into the room more than cmrqxaczwjk, so cddnekuqbcf is not less sneaky than cmrqxaczwjk
egkfsqghmqdi follows another person into the room more than iigf, so egkfsqghmqdi is not less sneaky than iigf
opasvovh follows another person into the room more than trwshcyfrq, so opasvovh is not less sneaky than trwshcyfrq
omcrinyjiub follows another person into the room more than orrf, so omcrinyjiub is not less sneaky than orrf
vzggimfag follows another person into the room more than urpei, so vzggimfag is not less sneaky than urpei
zqsze follows another person into the room more than nabhmdusrgw, so nabhmdusrgw is not more sneaky than zqsze
qnj follows another person into the room more than yesipacq, so yesipacq is not more sneaky than qnj
agsdhwxhwt follows another person into the room more than przusov, so przusov is not more sneaky than agsdhwxhwt
lxqjgoojc follows another person into the room more than trqlvzkdwpc, so trqlvzkdwpc is not more sneaky than lxqjgoojc
yxjtmgwabof follows another person into the room more than travnuyy, so travnuyy is not more sneaky than yxjtmgwabof
xqbo tells another person otherwise more than brz, so xqbo is more outspoken than brz
xzogtumxe tells another person otherwise more than ghpodkccp, so xzogtumxe is more outspoken than ghpodkccp
gsesktsx tells another person otherwise more than zop, so gsesktsx is more outspoken than zop
fxgbtelpgb tells another person otherwise more than oidcjyx, so fxgbtelpgb is more outspoken than oidcjyx
tthzmtd tells another person otherwise more than npff, so tthzmtd is more outspoken than npff
loapkseslz tells another person otherwise more than cmqrqaiuf, so cmqrqaiuf is less outspoken than loapkseslz
wbeudcwbasnt tells another person otherwise more than zcwqst, so zcwqst is less outspoken than wbeudcwbasnt
kxytieoyrb tells another person otherwise more than cpjiogmc, so cpjiogmc is less outspoken than kxytieoyrb
cndpnfkftx tells another person otherwise more than rsbqyikbptp, so rsbqyikbptp is less outspoken than cndpnfkftx
bpjyfbztqgk tells another person otherwise more than vidmktlulo, so vidmktlulo is less outspoken than bpjyfbztqgk
qkuwob tells another person otherwise more than lfvhxrvk, so qkuwob is not less outspoken than lfvhxrvk
dmkx tells another person otherwise more than fdk, so dmkx is not less outspoken than fdk
cbhormurne tells another person otherwise more than rxa, so cbhormurne is not less outspoken than rxa
fwnee tells another person otherwise more than mpajekwdx, so fwnee is not less outspoken than mpajekwdx
vghbdmulaai tells another person otherwise more than hjdnwyseid, so vghbdmulaai is not less outspoken than hjdnwyseid
yva tells another person otherwise more than zvlce, so zvlce is not more outspoken than yva
stmewc tells another person otherwise more than meryjptthcgl, so meryjptthcgl is not more outspoken than stmewc
xnd tells another person otherwise more than rmfe, so rmfe is not more outspoken than xnd
hmtfrdcxn tells another person otherwise more than ryidqgm, so ryidqgm is not more outspoken than hmtfrdcxn
jucyb tells another person otherwise more than gffyqaepk, so gffyqaepk is not more outspoken than jucyb
lfrxpgruyy kicks against the pricks more than frfsfedqs, so lfrxpgruyy is more brave than frfsfedqs
yfhsxrl kicks against the pricks more than cimrkrm, so yfhsxrl is more brave than cimrkrm
clv kicks against the pricks more than mgqgdp, so clv is more brave than mgqgdp
nxmmkyox kicks against the pricks more than nfe, so nxmmkyox is more brave than nfe
tngeypsqkos kicks against the pricks more than bmf, so tngeypsqkos is more brave than bmf
gjzoy kicks against the pricks more than vrycnbbace, so vrycnbbace is less brave than gjzoy
ttnrpfgztleg kicks against the pricks more than hckokudnnkrk, so hckokudnnkrk is less brave than ttnrpfgztleg
dmc kicks against the pricks more than cjrxyzoojfn, so cjrxyzoojfn is less brave than dmc
imsu kicks against the pricks more than nsktvtpqvmge, so nsktvtpqvmge is less brave than imsu
yigfaagtgjc kicks against the pricks more than fawqzg, so fawqzg is less brave than yigfaagtgjc
lghahfavdd kicks against the pricks more than xuyzrqlcnuvy, so lghahfavdd is not less brave than xuyzrqlcnuvy
wpo kicks against the pricks more than dsiwhm, so wpo is not less brave than dsiwhm
nnigcciaz kicks against the pricks more than kpxjsaldp, so nnigcciaz is not less brave than kpxjsaldp
yzb kicks against the pricks more than kryagm, so yzb is not less brave than kryagm
uuxilzpzce kicks against the pricks more than epppqwi, so uuxilzpzce is not less brave than epppqwi
ldhiw kicks against the pricks more than ycpnls, so ycpnls is not more brave than ldhiw
xgjz kicks against the pricks more than joalhzehq, so joalhzehq is not more brave than xgjz
wqt kicks against the pricks more than bnmmdxi, so bnmmdxi is not more brave than wqt
nmj kicks against the pricks more than xuihbdz, so xuihbdz is not more brave than nmj
gxvqcihmbjc kicks against the pricks more than kilmolwjztvt, so kilmolwjztvt is not more brave than gxvqcihmbjc
uofkneh tells another person's son more than lkjg, so uofkneh is less affable than lkjg
zyk tells another person's son more than raworpr, so zyk is less affable than raworpr
qyu tells another person's son more than khchj, so qyu is less affable than khchj
vpyb tells another person's son more than mnsamevxpq, so vpyb is less affable than mnsamevxpq
cnucubxnk tells another person's son more than rawqgxqizxb, so cnucubxnk is less affable than rawqgxqizxb
vpnmwhgutdkb tells another person's son more than arhi, so arhi is less affable than vpnmwhgutdkb
nddzhsgglsr tells another person's son more than hwym, so hwym is less affable than nddzhsgglsr
htnunhdipa tells another person's son more than heo, so heo is less affable than htnunhdipa
dzaljccjpk tells another person's son more than slmc, so slmc is less affable than dzaljccjpk
qlmzepre tells another person's son more than onyu, so onyu is less affable than qlmzepre
hdxqprn tells another person's son more than rmpuwtdaawfu, so hdxqprn is not less affable than rmpuwtdaawfu
crrjwcn tells another person's son more than ofpw, so crrjwcn is not less affable than ofpw
inbirqiuvlbo tells another person's son more than qrwvvgco, so inbirqiuvlbo is not less affable than qrwvvgco
zhz tells another person's son more than ckdp, so zhz is not less affable than ckdp
upxmsjyz tells another person's son more than zueceuj, so upxmsjyz is not less affable than zueceuj
ytfrfdrcbxto tells another person's son more than htbf, so htbf is not more affable than ytfrfdrcbxto
kbo tells another person's son more than jsdlox, so jsdlox is not more affable than kbo
oomcggvcm tells another person's son more than zdjahx, so zdjahx is not more affable than oomcggvcm
gkkvev tells another person's son more than jlgohxim, so jlgohxim is not more affable than gkkvev
rbofse tells another person's son more than ilv, so ilv is not more affable than rbofse
tkgnqq calls a repairman more than ycxv, so tkgnqq is more cold than ycxv
qqyyqvcm calls a repairman more than nedvysijhmk, so qqyyqvcm is more cold than nedvysijhmk
klmgaljosa calls a repairman more than qxira, so klmgaljosa is more cold than qxira
ifydeigmrh calls a repairman more than rvizjoy, so ifydeigmrh is more cold than rvizjoy
jbscvy calls a repairman more than cmrc, so jbscvy is more cold than cmrc
ywo calls a repairman more than gsyqrcbf, so gsyqrcbf is less cold than ywo
mcfvltf calls a repairman more than dnjkxgmr, so dnjkxgmr is less cold than mcfvltf
rkot calls a repairman more than iqlv, so iqlv is less cold than rkot
cmey calls a repairman more than rjtmmzzqdco, so rjtmmzzqdco is less cold than cmey
vpkxucmcc calls a repairman more than oehdp, so oehdp is less cold than vpkxucmcc
mkuicgrxeuxt calls a repairman more than tsbqejravl, so mkuicgrxeuxt is not more cold than tsbqejravl
ajuxyriyge calls a repairman more than njurazxps, so ajuxyriyge is not more cold than njurazxps
fhdvttgt calls a repairman more than teij, so fhdvttgt is not more cold than teij
byntekmkt calls a repairman more than uonpjjn, so byntekmkt is not more cold than uonpjjn
ewybjkfuxzse calls a repairman more than dzataywb, so ewybjkfuxzse is not more cold than dzataywb
vymesnltx calls a repairman more than veplskqybhw, so veplskqybhw is not less cold than vymesnltx
wdtnesbepsz calls a repairman more than etjfckx, so etjfckx is not less cold than wdtnesbepsz
zclez calls a repairman more than mtixiborrloc, so mtixiborrloc is not less cold than zclez
uetgkbqndmw calls a repairman more than ftmkilwc, so ftmkilwc is not less cold than uetgkbqndmw
fjapkxkbz calls a repairman more than vqc, so vqc is not less cold than fjapkxkbz
jahxhq gets the lead role more than bmhck, so jahxhq is more excited than bmhck
uyjimvcuu gets the lead role more than fpj, so uyjimvcuu is more excited than fpj
eezngqoa gets the lead role more than lpwlg, so eezngqoa is more excited than lpwlg
dfrsklpgpsg gets the lead role more than jgvrvyvoa, so dfrsklpgpsg is more excited than jgvrvyvoa
hzervmxyzb gets the lead role more than mvgsire, so hzervmxyzb is more excited than mvgsire
qegam gets the lead role more than cmhs, so cmhs is less excited than qegam
lxpodvzqp gets the lead role more than sucmugihleym, so sucmugihleym is less excited than lxpodvzqp
tqmfpuv gets the lead role more than rdxs, so rdxs is less excited than tqmfpuv
qyaqtlhem gets the lead role more than przbj, so przbj is less excited than qyaqtlhem
vhghnrvqb gets the lead role more than dfhjihlz, so dfhjihlz is less excited than vhghnrvqb
qpavab gets the lead role more than qahvv, so qpavab is not less excited than qahvv
yjedxrupc gets the lead role more than uifclimqnew, so yjedxrupc is not less excited than uifclimqnew
hqtfg gets the lead role more than vvf, so hqtfg is not less excited than vvf
hgf gets the lead role more than dmsfkja, so hgf is not less excited than dmsfkja
vqk gets the lead role more than ihnxlgg, so vqk is not less excited than ihnxlgg
tlsxs gets the lead role more than gsdcruj, so gsdcruj is not more excited than tlsxs
ikhschq gets the lead role more than spraaobc, so spraaobc is not more excited than ikhschq
gnn gets the lead role more than qjuk, so qjuk is not more excited than gnn
jtkjmmkkll gets the lead role more than wqjlmm, so wqjlmm is not more excited than jtkjmmkkll
hncmfl gets the lead role more than hngezvrci, so hngezvrci is not more excited than hncmfl
wnpmmwshyni has too much stuff more than iwwkyptkkpl, so wnpmmwshyni is more overwhelmed than iwwkyptkkpl
kvyinhift has too much stuff more than hpelulm, so kvyinhift is more overwhelmed than hpelulm
opsbzjgmb has too much stuff more than ptxpxbfx, so opsbzjgmb is more overwhelmed than ptxpxbfx
vtphnijvloiz has too much stuff more than tryaqoi, so vtphnijvloiz is more overwhelmed than tryaqoi
wdm has too much stuff more than aqymtmjovl, so wdm is more overwhelmed than aqymtmjovl
yzzcmgzair has too much stuff, zwnwpfj does not, so zwnwpfj is less overwhelmed than yzzcmgzair
ljtfnnfxyx has too much stuff, anyxhp does not, so anyxhp is less overwhelmed than ljtfnnfxyx
pbwqts has too much stuff, iey does not, so iey is less overwhelmed than pbwqts
vgieez has too much stuff, yrbxrsst does not, so yrbxrsst is less overwhelmed than vgieez
wqod has too much stuff, wmlaeez does not, so wmlaeez is less overwhelmed than wqod
lcprstohzrvf has too much stuff more than arkbjl, so lcprstohzrvf is not less overwhelmed than arkbjl
yvmm has too much stuff more than hunmfx, so yvmm is not less overwhelmed than hunmfx
rcwxvwwfzdzs has too much stuff more than npmwb, so rcwxvwwfzdzs is not less overwhelmed than npmwb
ofagfhlsc has too much stuff more than rwfsvde, so ofagfhlsc is not less overwhelmed than rwfsvde
ndhyclby has too much stuff more than jpvb, so ndhyclby is not less overwhelmed than jpvb
agrp has too much stuff more than iclzzrxi, so iclzzrxi is not more overwhelmed than agrp
szihhzk has too much stuff more than nsnjemht, so nsnjemht is not more overwhelmed than szihhzk
pwqdlapedlnf has too much stuff more than ftawgtkzek, so ftawgtkzek is not more overwhelmed than pwqdlapedlnf
ufwnnfzkwc has too much stuff more than yxjdurktlp, so yxjdurktlp is not more overwhelmed than ufwnnfzkwc
ntluzvlfftdf has too much stuff more than acffrjhi, so acffrjhi is not more overwhelmed than ntluzvlfftdf
gelvxnliokh makes the decision more than wadqj, so gelvxnliokh is more decisive than wadqj
mbfmabaz makes the decision more than ghwzt, so mbfmabaz is more decisive than ghwzt
swgoa makes the decision more than yomelr, so swgoa is more decisive than yomelr
esqnodujus makes the decision more than hwtlqnzppg, so esqnodujus is more decisive than hwtlqnzppg
spoahwsfyhmw makes the decision more than qvn, so spoahwsfyhmw is more decisive than qvn
eidtyzwldxc makes the decision more than rbzulydww, so rbzulydww is less decisive than eidtyzwldxc
zbphjqmii makes the decision more than rllantgk, so rllantgk is less decisive than zbphjqmii
pjpw makes the decision more than ncsb, so ncsb is less decisive than pjpw
hzatpfrtsg makes the decision more than fsqucug, so fsqucug is less decisive than hzatpfrtsg
lxmhk makes the decision more than yiae, so yiae is less decisive than lxmhk
lehlaeh makes the decision more than kaq, so lehlaeh is not less decisive than kaq
jwqbd makes the decision more than aguzbmxtnfw, so jwqbd is not less decisive than aguzbmxtnfw
bdritlw makes the decision more than zvxsxeiggw, so bdritlw is not less decisive than zvxsxeiggw
bsaovl makes the decision more than cxhuymnl, so bsaovl is not less decisive than cxhuymnl
bogsik makes the decision more than rqykzntigv, so bogsik is not less decisive than rqykzntigv
dpqldp makes the decision more than ijfmrfbo, so ijfmrfbo is not more decisive than dpqldp
gtnbqwj makes the decision more than zevawkpk, so zevawkpk is not more decisive than gtnbqwj
rpbclvwdfkan makes the decision more than jztjsu, so jztjsu is not more decisive than rpbclvwdfkan
cjoopfm makes the decision more than ewnhppezpjfp, so ewnhppezpjfp is not more decisive than cjoopfm
khaqqr makes the decision more than dfgxxeewyn, so dfgxxeewyn is not more decisive than khaqqr
asakl drives to the park more than vecnvivsue, so asakl is more excited than vecnvivsue
owasjd drives to the park more than eokjh, so owasjd is more excited than eokjh
wiaek drives to the park more than hiziclkct, so wiaek is more excited than hiziclkct
byjegnj drives to the park more than jksnelfmm, so byjegnj is more excited than jksnelfmm
zafkchelytq drives to the park more than bkh, so zafkchelytq is more excited than bkh
cumivmm drives to the park more than fcbnezrp, so fcbnezrp is less excited than cumivmm
qubsmrxgdem drives to the park more than fqjmozale, so fqjmozale is less excited than qubsmrxgdem
jxdowsmh drives to the park more than ipoqm, so ipoqm is less excited than jxdowsmh
xru drives to the park more than rikfz, so rikfz is less excited than xru
bftsiyvyy drives to the park more than nhlupguyqjb, so nhlupguyqjb is less excited than bftsiyvyy
sqy drives to the park more than zbbxvh, so sqy is not less excited than zbbxvh
jcqfy drives to the park more than yeee, so jcqfy is not less excited than yeee
rmyka drives to the park more than nwu, so rmyka is not less excited than nwu
xslysm drives to the park more than rhozoekxks, so xslysm is not less excited than rhozoekxks
cjxmgnv drives to the park more than dkkd, so cjxmgnv is not less excited than dkkd
crfz drives to the park more than ygtkpyyjwb, so ygtkpyyjwb is not more excited than crfz
raiqq drives to the park more than pcoa, so pcoa is not more excited than raiqq
hbwupex drives to the park more than epets, so epets is not more excited than hbwupex
ymiiwtymrgik drives to the park more than ookzqcqnaj, so ookzqcqnaj is not more excited than ymiiwtymrgik
gjvluvwqxqg drives to the park more than axxishlgszqy, so axxishlgszqy is not more excited than gjvluvwqxqg
qtrbvswirvf thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than uept, so qtrbvswirvf is more thoughtful than uept
ydegyjhpuum thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than tgvhkkqhwtq, so ydegyjhpuum is more thoughtful than tgvhkkqhwtq
gelrp thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than mpb, so gelrp is more thoughtful than mpb
qoljnwi thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than vvcrgoop, so qoljnwi is more thoughtful than vvcrgoop
dfudyeheu thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than sxj, so dfudyeheu is more thoughtful than sxj
jdcgmiflonfh thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than fgye, so fgye is less thoughtful than jdcgmiflonfh
btjlu thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than zcj, so zcj is less thoughtful than btjlu
fdois thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than rrwgtb, so rrwgtb is less thoughtful than fdois
wjkyipyy thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than ejjaiw, so ejjaiw is less thoughtful than wjkyipyy
nxq thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than dpode, so dpode is less thoughtful than nxq
opjk thinks another person wad imagining what another person was seeing more than rufhzuknip, so opjk is not less thoughtful than rufhzuknip
mhaggknf thinks another person wad imagining what another person was seeing more than dvfqm, so mhaggknf is not less thoughtful than dvfqm
cow thinks another person wad imagining what another person was seeing more than pgisgy, so cow is not less thoughtful than pgisgy
eymq thinks another person wad imagining what another person was seeing more than nyeimsqgec, so eymq is not less thoughtful than nyeimsqgec
jeiablu thinks another person wad imagining what another person was seeing more than kwxsikbwqvo, so jeiablu is not less thoughtful than kwxsikbwqvo
dquodws thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than qvvgjiwbz, so dquodws is not more thoughtful than qvvgjiwbz
jbfkw thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than pkcftvbw, so jbfkw is not more thoughtful than pkcftvbw
noog thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than szstsqusnete, so noog is not more thoughtful than szstsqusnete
lopjnqzt thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than ywiowz, so lopjnqzt is not more thoughtful than ywiowz
fkqdizia thinks another person was seeing what another person was seeing more than utoj, so fkqdizia is not more thoughtful than utoj
czdf is able to doubles check more than ofijdixnrki, so czdf is more ensuring than ofijdixnrki
wlrvwlrwxy is able to doubles check more than thugckgfxu, so wlrvwlrwxy is more ensuring than thugckgfxu
zjhoilnol is able to doubles check more than mphd, so zjhoilnol is more ensuring than mphd
oypypswiudzb is able to doubles check more than mtvbj, so oypypswiudzb is more ensuring than mtvbj
bagfr is able to doubles check more than pdiwusu, so bagfr is more ensuring than pdiwusu
xdsoom is able to doubles check more than fvq, so fvq is less ensuring than xdsoom
mhro is able to doubles check more than aidq, so aidq is less ensuring than mhro
mrvbefuijpp is able to doubles check more than hbolq, so hbolq is less ensuring than mrvbefuijpp
xvkep is able to doubles check more than qxnicuqepclm, so qxnicuqepclm is less ensuring than xvkep
ncbnuxbmpk is able to doubles check more than tiweviqkaopk, so tiweviqkaopk is less ensuring than ncbnuxbmpk
weutsjkkbzqa is able to doubles check more than eulpzpjqycji, so weutsjkkbzqa is not less ensuring than eulpzpjqycji
smhjpvdfrnxk is able to doubles check more than lboe, so smhjpvdfrnxk is not less ensuring than lboe
dabbwako is able to doubles check more than oyxtignhyrj, so dabbwako is not less ensuring than oyxtignhyrj
flnkmbotmhm is able to doubles check more than ghp, so flnkmbotmhm is not less ensuring than ghp
bigfxb is able to doubles check more than dvobuxwfu, so bigfxb is not less ensuring than dvobuxwfu
djqfsryy is not more likely to doubles check than urpkpmd, so urpkpmd is not less ensuring than djqfsryy
ogf is not more likely to doubles check than hwqqsol, so hwqqsol is not less ensuring than ogf
oxzd is not more likely to doubles check than bbo, so bbo is not less ensuring than oxzd
bvixqsra is not more likely to doubles check than igfslvwovpi, so igfslvwovpi is not less ensuring than bvixqsra
yeuycmfsmpyy is not more likely to doubles check than fwuj, so fwuj is not less ensuring than yeuycmfsmpyy
fxuqhqh calls another person's insurance company more than ynxsrthcsz, so fxuqhqh is more pushy than ynxsrthcsz
ddziwxw calls another person's insurance company more than sutlj, so ddziwxw is more pushy than sutlj
dtwqyjshnrx calls another person's insurance company more than mxdimh, so dtwqyjshnrx is more pushy than mxdimh
nmxbjkvi calls another person's insurance company more than igc, so nmxbjkvi is more pushy than igc
xns calls another person's insurance company more than voplnm, so xns is more pushy than voplnm
qxslliekehyg calls another person's insurance company more than thc, so thc is less pushy than qxslliekehyg
rvxaj calls another person's insurance company more than trjncxdv, so trjncxdv is less pushy than rvxaj
ekzzc calls another person's insurance company more than khgujtwuztx, so khgujtwuztx is less pushy than ekzzc
tll calls another person's insurance company more than awxucpyelpfr, so awxucpyelpfr is less pushy than tll
zafdnxa calls another person's insurance company more than awlhvqyxiwlr, so awlhvqyxiwlr is less pushy than zafdnxa
agrfy calls another person's insurance company more than fytovexwjxr, so agrfy is not more pushy than fytovexwjxr
axcmizsahi calls another person's insurance company more than wgtabmxemosb, so axcmizsahi is not more pushy than wgtabmxemosb
mhziigvzs calls another person's insurance company more than pmm, so mhziigvzs is not more pushy than pmm
rwpduzsksdck calls another person's insurance company more than idbx, so rwpduzsksdck is not more pushy than idbx
bzwtqfmznrg calls another person's insurance company more than agixaspie, so bzwtqfmznrg is not more pushy than agixaspie
vnmawnfdpaw calls another person's insurance company more than dtjuuzxisnt, so dtjuuzxisnt is not more pushy than vnmawnfdpaw
unocpqufeoq calls another person's insurance company more than awjpbjcd, so awjpbjcd is not more pushy than unocpqufeoq
qrjrze calls another person's insurance company more than nttyhwhpaaa, so nttyhwhpaaa is not more pushy than qrjrze
mchltcogicly calls another person's insurance company more than iuy, so iuy is not more pushy than mchltcogicly
ucbcbzpfdsg calls another person's insurance company more than glosenl, so glosenl is not more pushy than ucbcbzpfdsg
lkhcjznjz revolves around another person more than pym, so lkhcjznjz is more loving than pym
vpfghaectcvi revolves around another person more than mfgfls, so vpfghaectcvi is more loving than mfgfls
qmqquj revolves around another person more than bjoruagyq, so qmqquj is more loving than bjoruagyq
cdulnp revolves around another person more than iamqhxdoomus, so cdulnp is more loving than iamqhxdoomus
udvkf revolves around another person more than leqra, so udvkf is more loving than leqra
vuzwmruii revolves around another person more than rtprywhcngzc, so rtprywhcngzc is less loving than vuzwmruii
munudj revolves around another person more than zmfxy, so zmfxy is less loving than munudj
jmmwpnrwfg revolves around another person more than eyuxommyx, so eyuxommyx is less loving than jmmwpnrwfg
aghopqngdins revolves around another person more than cds, so cds is less loving than aghopqngdins
ltta revolves around another person more than sewtz, so sewtz is less loving than ltta
ubqvejjsik revolves around another person more than ryut, so ubqvejjsik is not less loving than ryut
vjurcgb revolves around another person more than nioapjo, so vjurcgb is not less loving than nioapjo
focnktxv revolves around another person more than avvqjfhulee, so focnktxv is not less loving than avvqjfhulee
tyknqfnmk revolves around another person more than jht, so tyknqfnmk is not less loving than jht
hcgo revolves around another person more than mxkcrkfq, so hcgo is not less loving than mxkcrkfq
hexwunmm revolves around another person more than busqfai, so busqfai is not more loving than hexwunmm
glygktnqmqi revolves around another person more than awrutd, so awrutd is not more loving than glygktnqmqi
caucyt revolves around another person more than gfaezzikks, so gfaezzikks is not more loving than caucyt
jpyn revolves around another person more than afpxdjidp, so afpxdjidp is not more loving than jpyn
qljgjxdjwlb revolves around another person more than tiox, so tiox is not more loving than qljgjxdjwlb
ylwzl meets the baby more than qrmj, so ylwzl is a more lover than qrmj
tyol meets the baby more than pyf, so tyol is a more lover than pyf
vqxkelwvb meets the baby more than igo, so vqxkelwvb is a more lover than igo
lymchxk meets the baby more than rvrrlboc, so lymchxk is a more lover than rvrrlboc
fpiznoawk meets the baby more than hmbztzandyi, so fpiznoawk is a more lover than hmbztzandyi
cwvfnquxg meets the baby more than xvtvhgljdoy, so xvtvhgljdoy is a less lover than cwvfnquxg
ehch meets the baby more than zzvthsled, so zzvthsled is a less lover than ehch
jtdmcghl meets the baby more than hmil, so hmil is a less lover than jtdmcghl
ufxn meets the baby more than wjerldms, so wjerldms is a less lover than ufxn
wcmcbkv meets the baby more than jtcp, so jtcp is a less lover than wcmcbkv
ahdpxtgek meets the baby more than hdghwsg, so ahdpxtgek is not less lover than hdghwsg
dmvruppvbvsa meets the baby more than lmikj, so dmvruppvbvsa is not less lover than lmikj
dcwhjrht meets the baby more than tnl, so dcwhjrht is not less lover than tnl
nfjxli meets the baby more than xetoodkoepe, so nfjxli is not less lover than xetoodkoepe
pmrlorg meets the baby more than rnlgr, so pmrlorg is not less lover than rnlgr
vlug meets the baby more than jbx, so jbx is not more lover than vlug
rvzcwgwsnmxe meets the baby more than sxvapehsilo, so sxvapehsilo is not more lover than rvzcwgwsnmxe
mykua meets the baby more than fwlcniktg, so fwlcniktg is not more lover than mykua
qbucwo meets the baby more than vklwgsnpkhu, so vklwgsnpkhu is not more lover than qbucwo
vzkr meets the baby more than leuqxkqaoh, so leuqxkqaoh is not more lover than vzkr
diac drops another person's laptop more than xigfktxbe, so diac is more impatient than xigfktxbe
dsyucaak drops another person's laptop more than yhgewuh, so dsyucaak is more impatient than yhgewuh
ehptuwpbc drops another person's laptop more than haanjdc, so ehptuwpbc is more impatient than haanjdc
dfpowdmwrow drops another person's laptop more than faa, so dfpowdmwrow is more impatient than faa
fvdronycadgt drops another person's laptop more than kmtvajyiol, so fvdronycadgt is more impatient than kmtvajyiol
yqtvmwvzxzmz drops another person's laptop more than ycyvii, so ycyvii is less impatient than yqtvmwvzxzmz
uubu drops another person's laptop more than aasftr, so aasftr is less impatient than uubu
zjhpwhgkss drops another person's laptop more than jlvdneafw, so jlvdneafw is less impatient than zjhpwhgkss
vhfmfzwud drops another person's laptop more than ucg, so ucg is less impatient than vhfmfzwud
mtauoibpxbk drops another person's laptop more than ubfnfj, so ubfnfj is less impatient than mtauoibpxbk
vsxqxbxftzi drops another person's laptop more than bsqw, so vsxqxbxftzi is not less impatient than bsqw
xewc drops another person's laptop more than bpk, so xewc is not less impatient than bpk
vyxyhpgkkqfe drops another person's laptop more than koyhkle, so vyxyhpgkkqfe is not less impatient than koyhkle
hchv drops another person's laptop more than fqxjptwcwjfc, so hchv is not less impatient than fqxjptwcwjfc
idbyyfu drops another person's laptop more than ivpla, so idbyyfu is not less impatient than ivpla
ltvsqcl drops another person's laptop more than hxivzkjvbngc, so hxivzkjvbngc is not more impatient than ltvsqcl
cpxehadmtkm drops another person's laptop more than rkkehksph, so rkkehksph is not more impatient than cpxehadmtkm
azffisvtljmr drops another person's laptop more than ziag, so ziag is not more impatient than azffisvtljmr
wmwsp drops another person's laptop more than afgadmajw, so afgadmajw is not more impatient than wmwsp
vvgirrnv drops another person's laptop more than ifnjfjwuuld, so ifnjfjwuuld is not more impatient than vvgirrnv
dqfhlxawswso walks in their house more than haumizqyzl, so dqfhlxawswso is more socialable than haumizqyzl
ajvst walks in their house more than ajhske, so ajvst is more socialable than ajhske
pfdvcajejei walks in their house more than tbyexs, so pfdvcajejei is more socialable than tbyexs
bfom walks in their house more than dclps, so bfom is more socialable than dclps
jfiyza walks in their house more than ikypbl, so jfiyza is more socialable than ikypbl
hcgzckcxo walks in their house more than gyhlpqzcic, so gyhlpqzcic is less socialable than hcgzckcxo
mfmwg walks in their house more than yctspdv, so yctspdv is less socialable than mfmwg
buxolesgiayr walks in their house more than xegpdocpwzm, so xegpdocpwzm is less socialable than buxolesgiayr
mdjbm walks in their house more than fbhljkah, so fbhljkah is less socialable than mdjbm
dpxsilweem walks in their house more than ewtbsdfxn, so ewtbsdfxn is less socialable than dpxsilweem
ykfdjeknciw walks in their house more than puypmi, so ykfdjeknciw is not less socialable than puypmi
yvaonbngnzo walks in their house more than wbbtsmvnrxi, so yvaonbngnzo is not less socialable than wbbtsmvnrxi
amzxnbc walks in their house more than qnccwyrofv, so amzxnbc is not less socialable than qnccwyrofv
nzspwpbxf walks in their house more than ffbpb, so nzspwpbxf is not less socialable than ffbpb
hupqkkpikr walks in their house more than mrgenbxfu, so hupqkkpikr is not less socialable than mrgenbxfu
vlvqsnpr walks in their house more than zhp, so zhp is not more socialable than vlvqsnpr
rkhkbgel walks in their house more than zqr, so zqr is not more socialable than rkhkbgel
mknskmex walks in their house more than tgidyevdps, so tgidyevdps is not more socialable than mknskmex
lskaur walks in their house more than cwjrvk, so cwjrvk is not more socialable than lskaur
egdamrrfqy walks in their house more than bonslwrirsfp, so bonslwrirsfp is not more socialable than egdamrrfqy
kytnouumpu gets a new bike, so kytnouumpu is more elated than ftixvk
qmnkkyy gets a new bike, so qmnkkyy is more elated than jtowzq
ouqueoyi gets a new bike, so ouqueoyi is more elated than jznx
jymcvgq gets a new bike, so jymcvgq is more elated than uvb
jrkn gets a new bike, so jrkn is more elated than ztxy
taxsuqyp gets a new bike, zzpty does not, so zzpty is less elated than taxsuqyp
wsz gets a new bike, llbo does not, so llbo is less elated than wsz
jdpxjjo gets a new bike, nubjpxz does not, so nubjpxz is less elated than jdpxjjo
vpyaidymilnd gets a new bike, uqfqw does not, so uqfqw is less elated than vpyaidymilnd
imw gets a new bike, wftjxlbg does not, so wftjxlbg is less elated than imw
hldhbt gets a new bike more than iwzgltfase, so hldhbt is not less elated than iwzgltfase
xystxc gets a new bike more than gxhhvntbmho, so xystxc is not less elated than gxhhvntbmho
kgcilf gets a new bike more than xdahaovgaxq, so kgcilf is not less elated than xdahaovgaxq
pyi gets a new bike more than fexanlpgg, so pyi is not less elated than fexanlpgg
ecfjrceybddy gets a new bike more than wib, so ecfjrceybddy is not less elated than wib
zfmt gets a new bike more than qlodrrqhcx, so qlodrrqhcx is not more elated than zfmt
gxu gets a new bike more than pctvdpc, so pctvdpc is not more elated than gxu
zyzvmhjogb gets a new bike more than kohaofsezohh, so kohaofsezohh is not more elated than zyzvmhjogb
ykginhwboi gets a new bike more than jxhbkkfhix, so jxhbkkfhix is not more elated than ykginhwboi
lfrjtf gets a new bike more than eyuojmbrqaui, so eyuojmbrqaui is not more elated than lfrjtf
eckfws gets a bike, dexpa does not, so eckfws is more ambitious than dexpa
srnzpunyxl gets a bike, wftz does not, so srnzpunyxl is more ambitious than wftz
zhb gets a bike, fvnftsapwh does not, so zhb is more ambitious than fvnftsapwh
iflayzkkaq gets a bike, vmu does not, so iflayzkkaq is more ambitious than vmu
esgzitvukpo gets a bike, malqpuqvwej does not, so esgzitvukpo is more ambitious than malqpuqvwej
iurp gets a bike, klyyhlawnf does not, so klyyhlawnf is less ambitious than iurp
qnmxppmwyyjd gets a bike, xsnlwgkkja does not, so xsnlwgkkja is less ambitious than qnmxppmwyyjd
sdehgviaqi gets a bike, oencceth does not, so oencceth is less ambitious than sdehgviaqi
pths gets a bike, ehdtwrj does not, so ehdtwrj is less ambitious than pths
thcnvucjoun gets a bike, wzaseib does not, so wzaseib is less ambitious than thcnvucjoun
uuutn gets a bike more than juqclxsze, so uuutn is not less ambitious than juqclxsze
nxgvld gets a bike more than okjomi, so nxgvld is not less ambitious than okjomi
elvgs gets a bike more than zhxuavq, so elvgs is not less ambitious than zhxuavq
vkiqmqafisq gets a bike more than yvnovotbwrm, so vkiqmqafisq is not less ambitious than yvnovotbwrm
syosa gets a bike more than uxi, so syosa is not less ambitious than uxi
rqxozrvtira gets a bike more than cnooesvsnzoa, so cnooesvsnzoa is not more ambitious than rqxozrvtira
csbjodprlde gets a bike more than alkqxagflnbz, so alkqxagflnbz is not more ambitious than csbjodprlde
jsdoi gets a bike more than agacdjhuw, so agacdjhuw is not more ambitious than jsdoi
snwhwteo gets a bike more than zzd, so zzd is not more ambitious than snwhwteo
xgjmiaqtcwc gets a bike more than tczvjjkrfsl, so tczvjjkrfsl is not more ambitious than xgjmiaqtcwc
bbpkllolcd does n't fit anymore than saczijdw, so bbpkllolcd is more aged than saczijdw
erryktzqn does n't fit anymore than vasfkvlhx, so erryktzqn is more aged than vasfkvlhx
bcwrsv does n't fit anymore than kvgmhw, so bcwrsv is more aged than kvgmhw
vlrdycei does n't fit anymore than shxqnqlh, so vlrdycei is more aged than shxqnqlh
tlfj does n't fit anymore than dhkhzphox, so tlfj is more aged than dhkhzphox
mhjlfgu does n't fit anymore than ebg, so ebg is less aged than mhjlfgu
ggtcpjjwbeq does n't fit anymore than jthplfdt, so jthplfdt is less aged than ggtcpjjwbeq
qihrpzdzetw does n't fit anymore than gobgcibblzxf, so gobgcibblzxf is less aged than qihrpzdzetw
bbq does n't fit anymore than jwmbcu, so jwmbcu is less aged than bbq
lsj does n't fit anymore than hckgjra, so hckgjra is less aged than lsj
zocpbert does n't fit anymore than chyjsxgys, so zocpbert is not less aged than chyjsxgys
ujd does n't fit anymore than shbvelvn, so ujd is not less aged than shbvelvn
xkcozikpepai does n't fit anymore than oemtxraocwv, so xkcozikpepai is not less aged than oemtxraocwv
qpjctr does n't fit anymore than ueluxvhx, so qpjctr is not less aged than ueluxvhx
zirqfpd does n't fit anymore than kcfecsiseyky, so zirqfpd is not less aged than kcfecsiseyky
wllw does n't fit anymore than dzyrkflgyg, so dzyrkflgyg is not more aged than wllw
awv does n't fit anymore than lxg, so lxg is not more aged than awv
dbn does n't fit anymore than fwowkyianlj, so fwowkyianlj is not more aged than dbn
nixmrdrvh does n't fit anymore than itzmrfexfw, so itzmrfexfw is not more aged than nixmrdrvh
ftemyw does n't fit anymore than zpddn, so zpddn is not more aged than ftemyw
btpbifprbxvo loves another person's job more than uiv, so btpbifprbxvo is less loyal than uiv
dspqt loves another person's job more than ztphslnms, so dspqt is less loyal than ztphslnms
hfwdtki loves another person's job more than kzgubjnoijh, so hfwdtki is less loyal than kzgubjnoijh
rzhqhlxyjtre loves another person's job more than iwjq, so rzhqhlxyjtre is less loyal than iwjq
tmezfi loves another person's job more than exudmwwqffrj, so tmezfi is less loyal than exudmwwqffrj
ojdybqru loves another person's job more than nwrew, so nwrew is less loyal than ojdybqru
jptxl loves another person's job more than tgxrcoa, so tgxrcoa is less loyal than jptxl
tdqsbm loves another person's job more than vjdj, so vjdj is less loyal than tdqsbm
ichm loves another person's job more than kyeellbl, so kyeellbl is less loyal than ichm
haljaut loves another person's job more than qrrtkbocilc, so qrrtkbocilc is less loyal than haljaut
zxjvzrjdp loves another person's job more than ggieze, so zxjvzrjdp is not less loyal than ggieze
bmeq loves another person's job more than jodrl, so bmeq is not less loyal than jodrl
any loves another person's job more than edv, so any is not less loyal than edv
krmxoybalp loves another person's job more than fveecl, so krmxoybalp is not less loyal than fveecl
pwzdvjkpf loves another person's job more than temmwxsepsxr, so pwzdvjkpf is not less loyal than temmwxsepsxr
noycocsdwgf loves another person's job more than vcwepshxjsvo, so vcwepshxjsvo is not more loyal than noycocsdwgf
vhbstcvgix loves another person's job more than lfdj, so lfdj is not more loyal than vhbstcvgix
zlhysuipxbh loves another person's job more than xrqojjc, so xrqojjc is not more loyal than zlhysuipxbh
nrbsxluxp loves another person's job more than pqqlaqugd, so pqqlaqugd is not more loyal than nrbsxluxp
gzndqfqeg loves another person's job more than jthiyg, so jthiyg is not more loyal than gzndqfqeg
xcvnzrls takes the kite more than omzseqhhu, so xcvnzrls is more childlike than omzseqhhu
hbq takes the kite more than dzfwlfc, so hbq is more childlike than dzfwlfc
yngtsrnnbly takes the kite more than olseygso, so yngtsrnnbly is more childlike than olseygso
oems takes the kite more than uxxa, so oems is more childlike than uxxa
awbrisafb takes the kite more than bexyylax, so awbrisafb is more childlike than bexyylax
ifsfr takes the kite more than jmz, so jmz is less childlike than ifsfr
cxzogsfcimfi takes the kite more than izyvfaqvt, so izyvfaqvt is less childlike than cxzogsfcimfi
oxeb takes the kite more than gogrnby, so gogrnby is less childlike than oxeb
chvz takes the kite more than quuphtg, so quuphtg is less childlike than chvz
vuml takes the kite more than biowlaaqyirh, so biowlaaqyirh is less childlike than vuml
wvltcejegb takes the kite more than dusfhfdrr, so wvltcejegb is not less childlike than dusfhfdrr
atlqiwezoke takes the kite more than lhwaloodz, so atlqiwezoke is not less childlike than lhwaloodz
ehmmixsbjdt takes the kite more than jhflbyjs, so ehmmixsbjdt is not less childlike than jhflbyjs
cyvwbdugt takes the kite more than fholmmw, so cyvwbdugt is not less childlike than fholmmw
lgxc takes the kite more than rqzknoovhrq, so lgxc is not less childlike than rqzknoovhrq
ugknzigrfii takes the kite more than azknvjc, so azknvjc is not more childlike than ugknzigrfii
njgxlprz takes the kite more than sucyhb, so sucyhb is not more childlike than njgxlprz
knsw takes the kite more than zfmk, so zfmk is not more childlike than knsw
oge takes the kite more than yibxiaa, so yibxiaa is not more childlike than oge
enfnxfxs takes the kite more than vyuzd, so vyuzd is not more childlike than enfnxfxs
gjytshbzboze hides their face in their hands more than sqcnyuwribv, so gjytshbzboze is more ashamed than sqcnyuwribv
dixgni hides their face in their hands more than beont, so dixgni is more ashamed than beont
lpdysmmkhu hides their face in their hands more than zyequh, so lpdysmmkhu is more ashamed than zyequh
qqes hides their face in their hands more than mfntzvv, so qqes is more ashamed than mfntzvv
abohrsnsye hides their face in their hands more than okc, so abohrsnsye is more ashamed than okc
nckxspclgeyd hides their face in their hands more than tihw, so tihw is less ashamed than nckxspclgeyd
femjlxkb hides their face in their hands more than ngnna, so ngnna is less ashamed than femjlxkb
ucyvcswq hides their face in their hands more than hyagobyknful, so hyagobyknful is less ashamed than ucyvcswq
uhbhmfhovv hides their face in their hands more than izdgipli, so izdgipli is less ashamed than uhbhmfhovv
tgveee hides their face in their hands more than yjzioh, so yjzioh is less ashamed than tgveee
oafrmmjanxn hides their face in their hands more than wxjxypix, so oafrmmjanxn is not less ashamed than wxjxypix
xwlvmlprtjr hides their face in their hands more than drht, so xwlvmlprtjr is not less ashamed than drht
legqwrmq hides their face in their hands more than ynxd, so legqwrmq is not less ashamed than ynxd
xjirk hides their face in their hands more than nmlr, so xjirk is not less ashamed than nmlr
avrfuvuzhm hides their face in their hands more than dtdrriahwa, so avrfuvuzhm is not less ashamed than dtdrriahwa
qqffooa hides their face in their hands more than dfchjak, so dfchjak is not more ashamed than qqffooa
ssiij hides their face in their hands more than hgcuelewlxcf, so hgcuelewlxcf is not more ashamed than ssiij
lge hides their face in their hands more than yhbyna, so yhbyna is not more ashamed than lge
vcohlsevwpza hides their face in their hands more than cwouaotn, so cwouaotn is not more ashamed than vcohlsevwpza
yqkri hides their face in their hands more than okvqgxovu, so okvqgxovu is not more ashamed than yqkri
ruqbxkq makes decisions on the basis more than rvi, so ruqbxkq is more logical than rvi
kvxlbmhi makes decisions on the basis more than gznmcktzhppy, so kvxlbmhi is more logical than gznmcktzhppy
tavvpkvyrkt makes decisions on the basis more than jrmgaqvycgz, so tavvpkvyrkt is more logical than jrmgaqvycgz
btrukxhh makes decisions on the basis more than hkytalur, so btrukxhh is more logical than hkytalur
gvvzlrro makes decisions on the basis more than fscw, so gvvzlrro is more logical than fscw
apnjkmu makes decisions on the basis more than iwys, so iwys is less logical than apnjkmu
nxsafamvjnpi makes decisions on the basis more than dniiiybkrnqm, so dniiiybkrnqm is less logical than nxsafamvjnpi
tpapuc makes decisions on the basis more than xzdixd, so xzdixd is less logical than tpapuc
fmxnrxmtboek makes decisions on the basis more than wymghlfxy, so wymghlfxy is less logical than fmxnrxmtboek
xshxodlce makes decisions on the basis more than yeztalwhcbwv, so yeztalwhcbwv is less logical than xshxodlce
fzstasgt makes decisions on the basis more than qftq, so fzstasgt is not less logical than qftq
owoofocpmn makes decisions on the basis more than wwrcd, so owoofocpmn is not less logical than wwrcd
pcnlpwmuo makes decisions on the basis more than wqqzorfkt, so pcnlpwmuo is not less logical than wqqzorfkt
mkuihegmxsx makes decisions on the basis more than lnvwxrunwoh, so mkuihegmxsx is not less logical than lnvwxrunwoh
ngweflnka makes decisions on the basis more than vagixptxhys, so ngweflnka is not less logical than vagixptxhys
twnodkcpod makes decisions on the basis more than jbsgozh, so jbsgozh is not more logical than twnodkcpod
hivxrut makes decisions on the basis more than rivyldcr, so rivyldcr is not more logical than hivxrut
biecgc makes decisions on the basis more than jinkwx, so jinkwx is not more logical than biecgc
yccfqoosmw makes decisions on the basis more than gojggvdcuikl, so gojggvdcuikl is not more logical than yccfqoosmw
limqaau makes decisions on the basis more than sjxohsxzjxd, so sjxohsxzjxd is not more logical than limqaau
yftzhlw goes to the dogs more than fqvaircxo, so yftzhlw is a more pet lover than fqvaircxo
wgl goes to the dogs more than umcblzlombo, so wgl is a more pet lover than umcblzlombo
ebvvieymcru goes to the dogs more than eqyggb, so ebvvieymcru is a more pet lover than eqyggb
hsmeavhataww goes to the dogs more than urajnfmywi, so hsmeavhataww is a more pet lover than urajnfmywi
uarbf goes to the dogs more than oagrkawh, so uarbf is a more pet lover than oagrkawh
mjeadnxijyew goes to the dogs more than vtwohyqrbxkl, so vtwohyqrbxkl is a less pet lover than mjeadnxijyew
ivflqiia goes to the dogs more than krfrbunroda, so krfrbunroda is a less pet lover than ivflqiia
tkqycjsquiy goes to the dogs more than ycce, so ycce is a less pet lover than tkqycjsquiy
kpeahxxklvu goes to the dogs more than nbm, so nbm is a less pet lover than kpeahxxklvu
vtziqklpr goes to the dogs more than psjudb, so psjudb is a less pet lover than vtziqklpr
ajbgojlycew goes to the dogs more than jdjnub, so ajbgojlycew is not less pet lover than jdjnub
vthov goes to the dogs more than pdultdourd, so vthov is not less pet lover than pdultdourd
runelmilce goes to the dogs more than pvrbah, so runelmilce is not less pet lover than pvrbah
kxtarhhbvknc goes to the dogs more than oqtp, so kxtarhhbvknc is not less pet lover than oqtp
ddm goes to the dogs more than fgp, so ddm is not less pet lover than fgp
awmyoiphqp goes to the dogs more than cxngw, so cxngw is not more pet lover than awmyoiphqp
pnm goes to the dogs more than tuyfpyb, so tuyfpyb is not more pet lover than pnm
rhtm goes to the dogs more than jhmukjz, so jhmukjz is not more pet lover than rhtm
ucq goes to the dogs more than cxcslbaowv, so cxcslbaowv is not more pet lover than ucq
txo goes to the dogs more than qsgqdqxss, so qsgqdqxss is not more pet lover than txo
ixpqeggazvbo would fail more than yqx, so ixpqeggazvbo is more inadequate than yqx
gtlfushaiqwn would fail more than shsaicsys, so gtlfushaiqwn is more inadequate than shsaicsys
knj would fail more than bgd, so knj is more inadequate than bgd
anwgem would fail more than rritndwei, so anwgem is more inadequate than rritndwei
nbuoqwao would fail more than sowsvvmktgdh, so nbuoqwao is more inadequate than sowsvvmktgdh
vnwjwy would fail more than ifun, so ifun is less inadequate than vnwjwy
godfglqiq would fail more than lmjhkopwttb, so lmjhkopwttb is less inadequate than godfglqiq
mextewte would fail more than qbi, so qbi is less inadequate than mextewte
wzczlobklryj would fail more than tzgcw, so tzgcw is less inadequate than wzczlobklryj
whkkkb would fail more than cixytkkwbi, so cixytkkwbi is less inadequate than whkkkb
kxwheifb would fail more than agszftxvusgl, so kxwheifb is not less inadequate than agszftxvusgl
vokqqol would fail more than dduwvz, so vokqqol is not less inadequate than dduwvz
lpdod would fail more than qrxx, so lpdod is not less inadequate than qrxx
rnkg would fail more than hemusavjs, so rnkg is not less inadequate than hemusavjs
vhgezundbq would fail more than ilyxkywmm, so vhgezundbq is not less inadequate than ilyxkywmm
jjpblkudck would fail more than stmwm, so stmwm is not more inadequate than jjpblkudck
yvujuuzwqbj would fail more than xskevvxrl, so xskevvxrl is not more inadequate than yvujuuzwqbj
mjjrgsnh would fail more than giaybqchpfz, so giaybqchpfz is not more inadequate than mjjrgsnh
etbygkzmhhvo would fail more than nud, so nud is not more inadequate than etbygkzmhhvo
sovuxcpqtizd would fail more than orhhak, so orhhak is not more inadequate than sovuxcpqtizd
aitust sees another person better than mzdmdzihtumu, so aitust is more loving than mzdmdzihtumu
trkxjufape sees another person better than yhpmjhfwix, so trkxjufape is more loving than yhpmjhfwix
ffwvxq sees another person better than rxuzs, so ffwvxq is more loving than rxuzs
bss sees another person better than dglsyar, so bss is more loving than dglsyar
abzoxry sees another person better than zaqmogpqsk, so abzoxry is more loving than zaqmogpqsk
jproc sees another person better than exxcemwl, so exxcemwl is less loving than jproc
ruzrjazjhtv sees another person better than tcal, so tcal is less loving than ruzrjazjhtv
jygjozp sees another person better than mzlezbfl, so mzlezbfl is less loving than jygjozp
nmyupl sees another person better than obfgovtygl, so obfgovtygl is less loving than nmyupl
uic sees another person better than rtrmytld, so rtrmytld is less loving than uic
jqpoftfi sees another person better than ncb, so jqpoftfi is not less loving than ncb
oezvyh sees another person better than qfdrija, so oezvyh is not less loving than qfdrija
gxnrwictofp sees another person better than gwblemonsoz, so gxnrwictofp is not less loving than gwblemonsoz
cmzqriddcm sees another person better than fbjcpnuwp, so cmzqriddcm is not less loving than fbjcpnuwp
vcwtaezgtrzi sees another person better than celbam, so vcwtaezgtrzi is not less loving than celbam
uju sees another person better than plq, so plq is not more loving than uju
shl sees another person better than xshob, so xshob is not more loving than shl
qcc sees another person better than bnqdgjatggwg, so bnqdgjatggwg is not more loving than qcc
mphds sees another person better than vjwo, so vjwo is not more loving than mphds
gput sees another person better than caisrrafwgz, so caisrrafwgz is not more loving than gput
msn manages their affairs more than oohk, so msn is more bright than oohk
wnefhlqcx manages their affairs more than ngtc, so wnefhlqcx is more bright than ngtc
vxo manages their affairs more than dhgck, so vxo is more bright than dhgck
snifuvowrvv manages their affairs more than itcy, so snifuvowrvv is more bright than itcy
nkckl manages their affairs more than rgy, so nkckl is more bright than rgy
ubl manages their affairs more than wwhwnq, so wwhwnq is less bright than ubl
lfrnmhzamxx manages their affairs more than dokbomuo, so dokbomuo is less bright than lfrnmhzamxx
rotvf manages their affairs more than ytcqqrdmx, so ytcqqrdmx is less bright than rotvf
jdmte manages their affairs more than xhdwl, so xhdwl is less bright than jdmte
wpmqg manages their affairs more than sdzdtpr, so sdzdtpr is less bright than wpmqg
ymhwgdwmj manages their affairs more than ojtgdls, so ymhwgdwmj is not less bright than ojtgdls
rftb manages their affairs more than roewqons, so rftb is not less bright than roewqons
ansnnpaug manages their affairs more than nggcnsfxdtdd, so ansnnpaug is not less bright than nggcnsfxdtdd
hxjmcesdk manages their affairs more than gmakoxynx, so hxjmcesdk is not less bright than gmakoxynx
fru manages their affairs more than ljliqnjd, so fru is not less bright than ljliqnjd
tuxmtr manages their affairs more than qutxk, so qutxk is not more bright than tuxmtr
yqvrup manages their affairs more than lvytrxtx, so lvytrxtx is not more bright than yqvrup
rlg manages their affairs more than itajgdjj, so itajgdjj is not more bright than rlg
ficdhi manages their affairs more than fqw, so fqw is not more bright than ficdhi
kqorhiuwdlh manages their affairs more than mpcxb, so mpcxb is not more bright than kqorhiuwdlh
nqsxp has never noticed sofqndaj, so nqsxp is more oblivious than sofqndaj
krb has never noticed riarm, so krb is more oblivious than riarm
rcxuttx has never noticed clsdbhiwbopz, so rcxuttx is more oblivious than clsdbhiwbopz
vbvnx has never noticed qcxdfxgzngdi, so vbvnx is more oblivious than qcxdfxgzngdi
smzsjpzrkt has never noticed gphnuijhchze, so smzsjpzrkt is more oblivious than gphnuijhchze
evolbkujb has been noticed more than nbll, so nbll is less oblivious than evolbkujb
wktzbooa has been noticed more than byvyjdif, so byvyjdif is less oblivious than wktzbooa
befgbxjtblnm has been noticed more than msgcwj, so msgcwj is less oblivious than befgbxjtblnm
luu has been noticed more than ayouyodcmz, so ayouyodcmz is less oblivious than luu
klqkmpq has been noticed more than vxevpi, so vxevpi is less oblivious than klqkmpq
jssuxin has been noticed more than nndn, so jssuxin is not more oblivious than nndn
hqpagark has been noticed more than zbrdajco, so hqpagark is not more oblivious than zbrdajco
gmxycxtdvrlu has been noticed more than amoobmmqomvw, so gmxycxtdvrlu is not more oblivious than amoobmmqomvw
vmgw has been noticed more than otmubvm, so vmgw is not more oblivious than otmubvm
mixmxxuqeses has been noticed more than wfp, so mixmxxuqeses is not more oblivious than wfp
lvyz has never noticed euxqus, so euxqus is not more oblivious than lvyz
cizgjkrpucux has never noticed rbf, so rbf is not more oblivious than cizgjkrpucux
mwaeizgq has never noticed uaetavjvvdqr, so uaetavjvvdqr is not more oblivious than mwaeizgq
btprwqekcicu has never noticed ghhlbhf, so ghhlbhf is not more oblivious than btprwqekcicu
zxfiboi has never noticed gpymmsfxvng, so gpymmsfxvng is not more oblivious than zxfiboi
nwogv watches the olympics more than rxpqzf, so nwogv is more observant than rxpqzf
jwd watches the olympics more than csvhe, so jwd is more observant than csvhe
mdakfnloaei watches the olympics more than zrflcix, so mdakfnloaei is more observant than zrflcix
frqryfeswl watches the olympics more than veeljm, so frqryfeswl is more observant than veeljm
pybkq watches the olympics more than udwujykzr, so pybkq is more observant than udwujykzr
elg watches the olympics more than smdtpdtf, so smdtpdtf is less observant than elg
wzerhowuf watches the olympics more than qhfgeuozeh, so qhfgeuozeh is less observant than wzerhowuf
aho watches the olympics more than gjnpafgxqyua, so gjnpafgxqyua is less observant than aho
fnznzlvu watches the olympics more than eybbpbwjco, so eybbpbwjco is less observant than fnznzlvu
aaahkq watches the olympics more than rpgevraxjw, so rpgevraxjw is less observant than aaahkq
dcuggj watches the olympics more than dwqwtl, so dcuggj is not more observant than dwqwtl
erwgctoqds watches the olympics more than qnqp, so erwgctoqds is not more observant than qnqp
yitikqbm watches the olympics more than lgfgupzkend, so yitikqbm is not more observant than lgfgupzkend
bxwd watches the olympics more than sdv, so bxwd is not more observant than sdv
wqxsyrt watches the olympics more than iumq, so wqxsyrt is not more observant than iumq
fvpagrd watches the olympics more than wuzkv, so wuzkv is not more observant than fvpagrd
oczot watches the olympics more than flcywfmzlsuo, so flcywfmzlsuo is not more observant than oczot
mybhqr watches the olympics more than ullyteyykk, so ullyteyykk is not more observant than mybhqr
drzu watches the olympics more than ldzab, so ldzab is not more observant than drzu
cvzlkpzim watches the olympics more than avfqkor, so avfqkor is not more observant than cvzlkpzim
cenedysm learns a lesson more than cmvrltud, so cenedysm is more enlightened than cmvrltud
vlbvhb learns a lesson more than vzarjpx, so vlbvhb is more enlightened than vzarjpx
feutyftuzv learns a lesson more than pqbfsviuafzm, so feutyftuzv is more enlightened than pqbfsviuafzm
saj learns a lesson more than isxgb, so saj is more enlightened than isxgb
fqqrwrhd learns a lesson more than tqxyxhmgs, so fqqrwrhd is more enlightened than tqxyxhmgs
vsqadammiqov learns a lesson more than tnjuvf, so tnjuvf is less enlightened than vsqadammiqov
eyr learns a lesson more than yfcicdce, so yfcicdce is less enlightened than eyr
lbdjagbxah learns a lesson more than xinewbtmger, so xinewbtmger is less enlightened than lbdjagbxah
gonvntvglrx learns a lesson more than rdylw, so rdylw is less enlightened than gonvntvglrx
tyhsvdbalme learns a lesson more than aqykawnlkp, so aqykawnlkp is less enlightened than tyhsvdbalme
hhwpqkdocguu learns a lesson more than xsrgbjkint, so hhwpqkdocguu is not less enlightened than xsrgbjkint
xtelyzybntm learns a lesson more than aqyxblurc, so xtelyzybntm is not less enlightened than aqyxblurc
zxv learns a lesson more than kzosztipht, so zxv is not less enlightened than kzosztipht
romjsilovxo learns a lesson more than oafmplfjik, so romjsilovxo is not less enlightened than oafmplfjik
acgmidj learns a lesson more than xjijbznzcwli, so acgmidj is not less enlightened than xjijbznzcwli
uhbgaov learns a lesson more than avs, so avs is not more enlightened than uhbgaov
yvswqts learns a lesson more than tse, so tse is not more enlightened than yvswqts
wbu learns a lesson more than pdxuboh, so pdxuboh is not more enlightened than wbu
mgghaz learns a lesson more than eptqqgi, so eptqqgi is not more enlightened than mgghaz
pxrlqyufdmv learns a lesson more than avdmtezolba, so avdmtezolba is not more enlightened than pxrlqyufdmv
dltaelvx brings tears to my eyes more than ihlbizex, so dltaelvx is more happy than ihlbizex
tmczyrsvkyql brings tears to my eyes more than xnemopgcgm, so tmczyrsvkyql is more happy than xnemopgcgm
aos brings tears to my eyes more than wjb, so aos is more happy than wjb
aexeu brings tears to my eyes more than ukasroiie, so aexeu is more happy than ukasroiie
savzrttz brings tears to my eyes more than pifqlfcce, so savzrttz is more happy than pifqlfcce
xakvycce brings tears to my eyes more than qkoiimszzrh, so qkoiimszzrh is more happy than xakvycce
gmcmjrjw brings tears to my eyes more than tvvjzddh, so tvvjzddh is more happy than gmcmjrjw
ehvjxob brings tears to my eyes more than kfmxsczx, so kfmxsczx is more happy than ehvjxob
xvef brings tears to my eyes more than thcmu, so thcmu is more happy than xvef
jhhp brings tears to my eyes more than zfqbhvjrfi, so zfqbhvjrfi is more happy than jhhp
aspvolxvytmp brings tears to my eyes more than oivs, so aspvolxvytmp is not less happy than oivs
rhxhcqjwp brings tears to my eyes more than gxcx, so rhxhcqjwp is not less happy than gxcx
roiznrkvv brings tears to my eyes more than rhytto, so roiznrkvv is not less happy than rhytto
lpeiri brings tears to my eyes more than vmumvuqazhvj, so lpeiri is not less happy than vmumvuqazhvj
hqxg brings tears to my eyes more than wluemxyqszf, so hqxg is not less happy than wluemxyqszf
bstcbehzkm brings tears to my eyes more than ucfpv, so ucfpv is not more happy than bstcbehzkm
kwhkvvm brings tears to my eyes more than xfqxarywmz, so xfqxarywmz is not more happy than kwhkvvm
tguuiznjspg brings tears to my eyes more than uryrz, so uryrz is not more happy than tguuiznjspg
mebvfqbrmgep brings tears to my eyes more than ibbo, so ibbo is not more happy than mebvfqbrmgep
asfyslcqzfs brings tears to my eyes more than zvwbtsjnznws, so zvwbtsjnznws is not more happy than asfyslcqzfs
yorcozmbatg is so excited another person could n't sleep more than btsmivtutpc, so yorcozmbatg is more entusiatic than btsmivtutpc
egsjnihhcxt is so excited another person could n't sleep more than vpzqdfa, so egsjnihhcxt is more entusiatic than vpzqdfa
mhzjsj is so excited another person could n't sleep more than myojeicpacjz, so mhzjsj is more entusiatic than myojeicpacjz
tmhjfjxctbh is so excited another person could n't sleep more than kvywkiuotwy, so tmhjfjxctbh is more entusiatic than kvywkiuotwy
syvxtoedgsad is so excited another person could n't sleep more than eohqppm, so syvxtoedgsad is more entusiatic than eohqppm
qogiqyk is so excited another person could n't sleep, so xvqyares is less entusiatic than qogiqyk
ddru is so excited another person could n't sleep, so abgm is less entusiatic than ddru
wzyz is so excited another person could n't sleep, so riw is less entusiatic than wzyz
dsedpg is so excited another person could n't sleep, so jgsmhfmvt is less entusiatic than dsedpg
rjh is so excited another person could n't sleep, so boc is less entusiatic than rjh
wuxwiao is so excited another person could n't sleep more than nkwrvo, so wuxwiao is not less entusiatic than nkwrvo
idmkk is so excited another person could n't sleep more than jmysgj, so idmkk is not less entusiatic than jmysgj
xvzsotuvbvz is so excited another person could n't sleep more than uxmvhibp, so xvzsotuvbvz is not less entusiatic than uxmvhibp
vzqrgdzjtpuz is so excited another person could n't sleep more than fnespdbzq, so vzqrgdzjtpuz is not less entusiatic than fnespdbzq
iiktagnarsgr is so excited another person could n't sleep more than uwpd, so iiktagnarsgr is not less entusiatic than uwpd
rkloarxvh is so excited another person could n't sleep, so smsjuuy is not more entusiatic than rkloarxvh
xwmvirqis is so excited another person could n't sleep, so tatbb is not more entusiatic than xwmvirqis
rhnacih is so excited another person could n't sleep, so qebqgbhbj is not more entusiatic than rhnacih
klwqubsjr is so excited another person could n't sleep, so jkqcxawubjks is not more entusiatic than klwqubsjr
prkykjahbjux is so excited another person could n't sleep, so kczocmfwt is not more entusiatic than prkykjahbjux
ktft leaves in a huff more than awld, so ktft is more flustered than awld
azmd leaves in a huff more than nkrnvfk, so azmd is more flustered than nkrnvfk
gigqymk leaves in a huff more than bgz, so gigqymk is more flustered than bgz
whyouwumql leaves in a huff more than cnzarvj, so whyouwumql is more flustered than cnzarvj
clftafkwqxyx leaves in a huff more than rkauxxtbi, so clftafkwqxyx is more flustered than rkauxxtbi
lhzs leaves in a huff while uprirtc does not, so uprirtc is less flustered than lhzs
dqjoy leaves in a huff while kaypwribrz does not, so kaypwribrz is less flustered than dqjoy
rhi leaves in a huff while duqjoyk does not, so duqjoyk is less flustered than rhi
cwwlxo leaves in a huff while jox does not, so jox is less flustered than cwwlxo
zosm leaves in a huff while nhlv does not, so nhlv is less flustered than zosm
tjuw leaves in a huff more than kptp, so tjuw is not less flustered than kptp
soe leaves in a huff more than pykzm, so soe is not less flustered than pykzm
zmuwzcaw leaves in a huff more than dlx, so zmuwzcaw is not less flustered than dlx
auh leaves in a huff more than ozcpsedaege, so auh is not less flustered than ozcpsedaege
knluyjl leaves in a huff more than yxu, so knluyjl is not less flustered than yxu
wjvdoyqmnzg leaves in a huff, so fwvjd is not more flustered than wjvdoyqmnzg
tnmuwil leaves in a huff, so rbzyuvigvy is not more flustered than tnmuwil
lmb leaves in a huff, so hascprjk is not more flustered than lmb
mmmriuw leaves in a huff, so ktcgn is not more flustered than mmmriuw
bcigie leaves in a huff, so teqspqpxed is not more flustered than bcigie
ityekemdz knocks at another person's door more than ovqggudhaxth, so ityekemdz is more anticipatory than ovqggudhaxth
tajdcbr knocks at another person's door more than debqidhfldy, so tajdcbr is more anticipatory than debqidhfldy
vxskoh knocks at another person's door more than gbodvhrg, so vxskoh is more anticipatory than gbodvhrg
hdsuq knocks at another person's door more than opcogjaiez, so hdsuq is more anticipatory than opcogjaiez
mnojcnbcwnzh knocks at another person's door more than eyyogveabwd, so mnojcnbcwnzh is more anticipatory than eyyogveabwd
nktopnj knocks at another person's door more than lkldaquhkvj, so lkldaquhkvj is less anticipatory than nktopnj
vshynwljx knocks at another person's door more than tpgvybqdyko, so tpgvybqdyko is less anticipatory than vshynwljx
yshttbiuuyj knocks at another person's door more than fgbecstci, so fgbecstci is less anticipatory than yshttbiuuyj
evnhlwethtb knocks at another person's door more than okoxpwvwmg, so okoxpwvwmg is less anticipatory than evnhlwethtb
jkeqsornhtc knocks at another person's door more than xgzaakibc, so xgzaakibc is less anticipatory than jkeqsornhtc
ixry knocks at another person's door more than bvkoanryd, so ixry is not less anticipatory than bvkoanryd
oxapj knocks at another person's door more than znsz, so oxapj is not less anticipatory than znsz
bbtompjev knocks at another person's door more than zfaqkhvglwax, so bbtompjev is not less anticipatory than zfaqkhvglwax
boqjaaeqhlt knocks at another person's door more than gpxgrljc, so boqjaaeqhlt is not less anticipatory than gpxgrljc
xtsfjbgyei knocks at another person's door more than jergr, so xtsfjbgyei is not less anticipatory than jergr
hoedrpcpkg knocks at another person's door more than aetq, so aetq is not more anticipatory than hoedrpcpkg
sdksqnybia knocks at another person's door more than yekkwidmpuk, so yekkwidmpuk is not more anticipatory than sdksqnybia
xxnvno knocks at another person's door more than txecdgq, so txecdgq is not more anticipatory than xxnvno
idkjcfhm knocks at another person's door more than fynjvjnkjtld, so fynjvjnkjtld is not more anticipatory than idkjcfhm
vswnseti knocks at another person's door more than ygfmvfkbbxh, so ygfmvfkbbxh is not more anticipatory than vswnseti
gmwtqy wants a drink more than xrhftb, so gmwtqy is more thirsty than xrhftb
tmdtbqxlvna wants a drink more than asy, so tmdtbqxlvna is more thirsty than asy
ogmsycujse wants a drink more than rpynhblbnlxl, so ogmsycujse is more thirsty than rpynhblbnlxl
kfx wants a drink more than tbqonhjijc, so kfx is more thirsty than tbqonhjijc
wsvfhcoywyc wants a drink more than iwaguuhzlro, so wsvfhcoywyc is more thirsty than iwaguuhzlro
ibdc wants a drink more than azcm, so azcm is less thirsty than ibdc
bmwhgy wants a drink more than huobrtwndhd, so huobrtwndhd is less thirsty than bmwhgy
qaynjq wants a drink more than elddf, so elddf is less thirsty than qaynjq
dajpafoee wants a drink more than jroystwq, so jroystwq is less thirsty than dajpafoee
ytnayxpfynit wants a drink more than hwdjjetsi, so hwdjjetsi is less thirsty than ytnayxpfynit
hmoey wants a drink more than rnqo, so hmoey is not less thirsty than rnqo
iiadzfwtfrd wants a drink more than nkz, so iiadzfwtfrd is not less thirsty than nkz
vvi wants a drink more than knscb, so vvi is not less thirsty than knscb
ggptufj wants a drink more than maatnx, so ggptufj is not less thirsty than maatnx
tgen wants a drink more than ebelyxfqe, so tgen is not less thirsty than ebelyxfqe
yfwkta wants a drink more than xibtzi, so xibtzi is not more thirsty than yfwkta
rhwoarb wants a drink more than feumvhidwjw, so feumvhidwjw is not more thirsty than rhwoarb
yrkqmqgado wants a drink more than yijfbvta, so yijfbvta is not more thirsty than yrkqmqgado
nxaaqpufq wants a drink more than vpaolk, so vpaolk is not more thirsty than nxaaqpufq
ivuxhdmw wants a drink more than vjidyg, so vjidyg is not more thirsty than ivuxhdmw
ppwee maintains their position more than wrf, so ppwee is more resolved than wrf
onnfvhbkg maintains their position more than oqsp, so onnfvhbkg is more resolved than oqsp
ceqraiyumf maintains their position more than kntayqhuyt, so ceqraiyumf is more resolved than kntayqhuyt
gqomd maintains their position more than gab, so gqomd is more resolved than gab
rvksdov maintains their position more than hwextfrw, so rvksdov is more resolved than hwextfrw
jxrlzoo maintains their position more than mccpezoul, so mccpezoul is less resolved than jxrlzoo
lpuoaxazc maintains their position more than vegqvifar, so vegqvifar is less resolved than lpuoaxazc
eeq maintains their position more than llqxviduiyid, so llqxviduiyid is less resolved than eeq
vyehaevcxrxk maintains their position more than ufd, so ufd is less resolved than vyehaevcxrxk
csroxv maintains their position more than kct, so kct is less resolved than csroxv
clcjny maintains their position more than qakjinyvhv, so clcjny is not more resolved than qakjinyvhv
wcgrgtpg maintains their position more than ymckg, so wcgrgtpg is not more resolved than ymckg
pjmx maintains their position more than kloegvxwd, so pjmx is not more resolved than kloegvxwd
mzzaavjtded maintains their position more than scefjons, so mzzaavjtded is not more resolved than scefjons
bhxmty maintains their position more than qqjlbospy, so bhxmty is not more resolved than qqjlbospy
xguycqdr maintains their position more than uehpbhwb, so uehpbhwb is not more resolved than xguycqdr
pyqv maintains their position more than hsbjy, so hsbjy is not more resolved than pyqv
gzhhqgcwqbta maintains their position more than nailpfunu, so nailpfunu is not more resolved than gzhhqgcwqbta
jhsvcaqouurp maintains their position more than accecu, so accecu is not more resolved than jhsvcaqouurp
yymdhdwaubf maintains their position more than zetbigwpmsff, so zetbigwpmsff is not more resolved than yymdhdwaubf
edyrmhkfqnqb gets an invitation more than jpf, so edyrmhkfqnqb is more liked than jpf
ermnxggf gets an invitation more than wiqyhugy, so ermnxggf is more liked than wiqyhugy
tafm gets an invitation more than ofbzrs, so tafm is more liked than ofbzrs
ltbpyg gets an invitation more than tdiybd, so ltbpyg is more liked than tdiybd
tfxdzbxbkkyy gets an invitation more than ckebhyqc, so tfxdzbxbkkyy is more liked than ckebhyqc
thiysdotywqb gets an invitation more than qgdqmyfdq, so qgdqmyfdq is less liked than thiysdotywqb
dstvulgcl gets an invitation more than farvb, so farvb is less liked than dstvulgcl
lcyhja gets an invitation more than pvyqpulyrwbd, so pvyqpulyrwbd is less liked than lcyhja
nvfwb gets an invitation more than rglcjrvfgne, so rglcjrvfgne is less liked than nvfwb
azai gets an invitation more than hmuwwpyiwzsz, so hmuwwpyiwzsz is less liked than azai
siacut gets an invitation more than cczmeuxjiwz, so siacut is not less liked than cczmeuxjiwz
hstzpjtqiea gets an invitation more than isagezutn, so hstzpjtqiea is not less liked than isagezutn
zcwucbuijvwp gets an invitation more than xxbkccg, so zcwucbuijvwp is not less liked than xxbkccg
mzdur gets an invitation more than hankeki, so mzdur is not less liked than hankeki
dkfkxeheqcre gets an invitation more than xtf, so dkfkxeheqcre is not less liked than xtf
iebjvxq gets an invitation more than rbbdx, so rbbdx is not more liked than iebjvxq
kuphfd gets an invitation more than ruzxtlujgsal, so ruzxtlujgsal is not more liked than kuphfd
wqynzwsao gets an invitation more than uclhckxqxcd, so uclhckxqxcd is not more liked than wqynzwsao
lamug gets an invitation more than xfv, so xfv is not more liked than lamug
rxdseaz gets an invitation more than lcmoseqmavql, so lcmoseqmavql is not more liked than rxdseaz
hcfrswbfamn uses it all the time more than tztyuegkzqr, so hcfrswbfamn is more consistent than tztyuegkzqr
jvrwulx uses it all the time more than ipsvzaeepal, so jvrwulx is more consistent than ipsvzaeepal
cxmkugi uses it all the time more than wuxbwyho, so cxmkugi is more consistent than wuxbwyho
ldtjblid uses it all the time more than ioacprnftjn, so ldtjblid is more consistent than ioacprnftjn
wbwhqxjwj uses it all the time more than utnwrktp, so wbwhqxjwj is more consistent than utnwrktp
nkgxpwoi uses it all the time more than cfwi, so cfwi is less consistent than nkgxpwoi
hrvcbmmsa uses it all the time more than dpilvkjmzu, so dpilvkjmzu is less consistent than hrvcbmmsa
nxrx uses it all the time more than ktduutln, so ktduutln is less consistent than nxrx
cbcqdwamgi uses it all the time more than ivsqmadlt, so ivsqmadlt is less consistent than cbcqdwamgi
yke uses it all the time more than einfbnswmr, so einfbnswmr is less consistent than yke
soz uses it all the time more than rqij, so soz is not less consistent than rqij
vwu uses it all the time more than vxz, so vwu is not less consistent than vxz
tlrdeawgb uses it all the time more than eezizzmlvy, so tlrdeawgb is not less consistent than eezizzmlvy
ihd uses it all the time more than caykjk, so ihd is not less consistent than caykjk
kglbfuyujx uses it all the time more than pxvoltlzfks, so kglbfuyujx is not less consistent than pxvoltlzfks
vrxdwsfvzwya uses it all the time more than lsksuhtipwrd, so lsksuhtipwrd is not more consistent than vrxdwsfvzwya
cobh uses it all the time more than lljoikdwlwm, so lljoikdwlwm is not more consistent than cobh
anszaeoc uses it all the time more than zpz, so zpz is not more consistent than anszaeoc
ragqmkpf uses it all the time more than ltym, so ltym is not more consistent than ragqmkpf
fmbsz uses it all the time more than tazsvdu, so tazsvdu is not more consistent than fmbsz
xvbcihcmz makes war upon another person more than zkcrwc, so xvbcihcmz is more commanding than zkcrwc
sdfdad makes war upon another person more than weygmklpgt, so sdfdad is more commanding than weygmklpgt
rnbd makes war upon another person more than lgrifayklk, so rnbd is more commanding than lgrifayklk
vxqcldecvfro makes war upon another person more than qqffnx, so vxqcldecvfro is more commanding than qqffnx
kigzivtxww makes war upon another person more than kqmu, so kigzivtxww is more commanding than kqmu
ktps makes war upon another person more than pmsk, so pmsk is less commanding than ktps
ujnlxpcoo makes war upon another person more than gdxcnmy, so gdxcnmy is less commanding than ujnlxpcoo
nguqlsbjf makes war upon another person more than rmijqhd, so rmijqhd is less commanding than nguqlsbjf
vyrithxp makes war upon another person more than uzm, so uzm is less commanding than vyrithxp
zzotv makes war upon another person more than ltmifo, so ltmifo is less commanding than zzotv
ixucuk makes war upon another person more than erwmjgvzrxr, so ixucuk is not less commanding than erwmjgvzrxr
spf makes war upon another person more than wibfhadiav, so spf is not less commanding than wibfhadiav
rhycuvdq makes war upon another person more than ooongxwm, so rhycuvdq is not less commanding than ooongxwm
uckwu makes war upon another person more than mqtdulz, so uckwu is not less commanding than mqtdulz
hebkahhjdh makes war upon another person more than zmqtgijwdpur, so hebkahhjdh is not less commanding than zmqtgijwdpur
jtdbzkrwr makes war upon another person more than xiyumw, so xiyumw is not more commanding than jtdbzkrwr
wglrlx makes war upon another person more than wxbhc, so wxbhc is not more commanding than wglrlx
sbtmlsuuntmt makes war upon another person more than ppofvxrqlgij, so ppofvxrqlgij is not more commanding than sbtmlsuuntmt
vdnfxqtp makes war upon another person more than rdfhgafqusup, so rdfhgafqusup is not more commanding than vdnfxqtp
idywqmwm makes war upon another person more than zulzudtjyt, so zulzudtjyt is not more commanding than idywqmwm
iojnuk beats their friend more than qllf, so iojnuk is more talented than qllf
yriot beats their friend more than hfkqyrj, so yriot is more talented than hfkqyrj
otkezwu beats their friend more than shjppab, so otkezwu is more talented than shjppab
efzk beats their friend more than lgt, so efzk is more talented than lgt
uaqkvwmyds beats their friend more than zfxy, so uaqkvwmyds is more talented than zfxy
irthkl beats their friend more than fzzn, so fzzn is less talented than irthkl
ivdnthzn beats their friend more than bqen, so bqen is less talented than ivdnthzn
kuttoajzrru beats their friend more than sbgqke, so sbgqke is less talented than kuttoajzrru
kllo beats their friend more than hqviujl, so hqviujl is less talented than kllo
oxixgnk beats their friend more than ark, so ark is less talented than oxixgnk
uvbmvppsde beats their friend more than soehpi, so uvbmvppsde is not less talented than soehpi
xxtfigcoou beats their friend more than ednnwe, so xxtfigcoou is not less talented than ednnwe
uklfatlpcl beats their friend more than eyaocreyeqns, so uklfatlpcl is not less talented than eyaocreyeqns
fsjr beats their friend more than hqnaurz, so fsjr is not less talented than hqnaurz
wrqfnreuvpl beats their friend more than xvqrbcximqa, so wrqfnreuvpl is not less talented than xvqrbcximqa
qckqcfqrx beats their friend more than cany, so cany is not more talented than qckqcfqrx
xgbubo beats their friend more than onbn, so onbn is not more talented than xgbubo
zahdbm beats their friend more than gid, so gid is not more talented than zahdbm
gfskakaeqfto beats their friend more than oenmao, so oenmao is not more talented than gfskakaeqfto
rdqnsfkd beats their friend more than ypcve, so ypcve is not more talented than rdqnsfkd
ibkuhwsnvjy heads towards another person more than vzkwfjuq, so ibkuhwsnvjy is more social than vzkwfjuq
uiyhzlztzmk heads towards another person more than aykfqf, so uiyhzlztzmk is more social than aykfqf
diagxa heads towards another person more than edsfiexluhwe, so diagxa is more social than edsfiexluhwe
dypzu heads towards another person more than kiwizefqjhjh, so dypzu is more social than kiwizefqjhjh
vhmiylzi heads towards another person more than qbmudljahu, so vhmiylzi is more social than qbmudljahu
vvt heads towards another person more than emlbu, so emlbu is less social than vvt
wcehobagrkzh heads towards another person more than npieg, so npieg is less social than wcehobagrkzh
dxemaokxae heads towards another person more than opgwlw, so opgwlw is less social than dxemaokxae
cytlytfx heads towards another person more than lukhieyee, so lukhieyee is less social than cytlytfx
yrdot heads towards another person more than fhcmuzym, so fhcmuzym is less social than yrdot
tlism heads towards another person more than mddnjii, so tlism is not less social than mddnjii
zaldedbg heads towards another person more than gcpytzksyzkf, so zaldedbg is not less social than gcpytzksyzkf
ovoofzexqai heads towards another person more than hhxnyggocdpk, so ovoofzexqai is not less social than hhxnyggocdpk
ahadpw heads towards another person more than bwfzjhgedq, so ahadpw is not less social than bwfzjhgedq
rkid heads towards another person more than dmtudfj, so rkid is not less social than dmtudfj
vhybnjwiaup heads towards another person more than hrehp, so hrehp is not more social than vhybnjwiaup
gvvwisn heads towards another person more than bfxfdskpkghm, so bfxfdskpkghm is not more social than gvvwisn
kxvzffmvw heads towards another person more than hgnkc, so hgnkc is not more social than kxvzffmvw
ckh heads towards another person more than eqw, so eqw is not more social than ckh
uhkfxeiya heads towards another person more than lnphbvopnai, so lnphbvopnai is not more social than uhkfxeiya
odxdirdbs gets home late more than lfydunogtyq, so odxdirdbs is less rushed than lfydunogtyq
jnmhfqjb gets home late more than gun, so jnmhfqjb is less rushed than gun
muyusktqwc gets home late more than oyvkxhloxpge, so muyusktqwc is less rushed than oyvkxhloxpge
bqspsmix gets home late more than ozgvgqrwfn, so bqspsmix is less rushed than ozgvgqrwfn
sgwakmjdb gets home late more than cekzx, so sgwakmjdb is less rushed than cekzx
yxhowyczkwio gets home late more than vbeokfif, so vbeokfif is less rushed than yxhowyczkwio
ajkwdfscxkg gets home late more than cjj, so cjj is less rushed than ajkwdfscxkg
obzdmptmdsi gets home late more than bim, so bim is less rushed than obzdmptmdsi
iniimhyn gets home late more than iwiyzglppkp, so iwiyzglppkp is less rushed than iniimhyn
dszpcrahnwzs gets home late more than hohsugbjrjfb, so hohsugbjrjfb is less rushed than dszpcrahnwzs
yuqqfs gets home late more than jmkkjvyk, so yuqqfs is not less rushed than jmkkjvyk
ehgyusesqst gets home late more than ggqbfr, so ehgyusesqst is not less rushed than ggqbfr
gifxummxrt gets home late more than vyjvd, so gifxummxrt is not less rushed than vyjvd
uciic gets home late more than vrwbcubfrvre, so uciic is not less rushed than vrwbcubfrvre
ditpgtfjr gets home late more than kwyipi, so ditpgtfjr is not less rushed than kwyipi
oprqcihv gets home late more than arnyg, so arnyg is not more rushed than oprqcihv
xsp gets home late more than hrapvxwwlezn, so hrapvxwwlezn is not more rushed than xsp
gxih gets home late more than qpdqfypn, so qpdqfypn is not more rushed than gxih
fnvhwmewzn gets home late more than hdmopzba, so hdmopzba is not more rushed than fnvhwmewzn
fik gets home late more than mqwmuvt, so mqwmuvt is not more rushed than fik
cdsnbmkcon continues their course more than hwyyf, so cdsnbmkcon is more dedicated than hwyyf
jse continues their course more than sdsgb, so jse is more dedicated than sdsgb
miibybrkpcpu continues their course more than qopqtskang, so miibybrkpcpu is more dedicated than qopqtskang
zefgfydi continues their course more than synsk, so zefgfydi is more dedicated than synsk
jfyknyxv continues their course more than zigmot, so jfyknyxv is more dedicated than zigmot
pedhwehnf continues their course more than hpifhygtsufp, so hpifhygtsufp is less dedicated than pedhwehnf
yvy continues their course more than cgtfp, so cgtfp is less dedicated than yvy
nptsuljacq continues their course more than iso, so iso is less dedicated than nptsuljacq
gykvbrh continues their course more than uqzsyhrcz, so uqzsyhrcz is less dedicated than gykvbrh
wsng continues their course more than ynmivlkq, so ynmivlkq is less dedicated than wsng
vcefuhwroj continues their course more than acmq, so vcefuhwroj is not less dedicated than acmq
aux continues their course more than ajd, so aux is not less dedicated than ajd
kscsxdym continues their course more than qzkgga, so kscsxdym is not less dedicated than qzkgga
ranursycw continues their course more than ewtr, so ranursycw is not less dedicated than ewtr
hwcx continues their course more than pihshtkmi, so hwcx is not less dedicated than pihshtkmi
peshliyaygn continues their course more than qqsf, so qqsf is not more dedicated than peshliyaygn
kybdrw continues their course more than bdym, so bdym is not more dedicated than kybdrw
cddoukc continues their course more than kadg, so kadg is not more dedicated than cddoukc
yrez continues their course more than muxlezbagrtz, so muxlezbagrtz is not more dedicated than yrez
aapsqdu continues their course more than anpfgxd, so anpfgxd is not more dedicated than aapsqdu
fdhynd takes pictures of it while kwmfkcvnapra does not, so fdhynd is more interested than kwmfkcvnapra
ztagi takes pictures of it while rkzpntwwvljt does not, so ztagi is more interested than rkzpntwwvljt
dbczrtchhbe takes pictures of it while oscwgdhina does not, so dbczrtchhbe is more interested than oscwgdhina
dtw takes pictures of it while xkflbhzie does not, so dtw is more interested than xkflbhzie
rdpfott takes pictures of it while dzxepdsr does not, so rdpfott is more interested than dzxepdsr
jcl takes pictures of it while orghuoqq does not, so orghuoqq is less interested than jcl
aintskyhfopl takes pictures of it while llwjsv does not, so llwjsv is less interested than aintskyhfopl
jixquvo takes pictures of it while lvmzwcak does not, so lvmzwcak is less interested than jixquvo
rzymkgdq takes pictures of it while bwxlqxbhinq does not, so bwxlqxbhinq is less interested than rzymkgdq
fpwr takes pictures of it while llmq does not, so llmq is less interested than fpwr
wiarrqs takes pictures of it while zldvzwmtdq does not, so wiarrqs is not less interested than zldvzwmtdq
lbasfm takes pictures of it while morcvfi does not, so lbasfm is not less interested than morcvfi
qrdm takes pictures of it while udntbxa does not, so qrdm is not less interested than udntbxa
sypz takes pictures of it while dcinefstoeza does not, so sypz is not less interested than dcinefstoeza
ynv takes pictures of it while lzr does not, so ynv is not less interested than lzr
aqwtovwpm takes pictures of it while ttfpmnzrtvf does not, so ttfpmnzrtvf is not more interested than aqwtovwpm
ehzfqameeb takes pictures of it while swsdm does not, so swsdm is not more interested than ehzfqameeb
bjyrpeveal takes pictures of it while ehywvaflp does not, so ehywvaflp is not more interested than bjyrpeveal
mxbwdovwdrm takes pictures of it while jhvpiroz does not, so jhvpiroz is not more interested than mxbwdovwdrm
qjeqedpniofl takes pictures of it while lokgjo does not, so lokgjo is not more interested than qjeqedpniofl
qpcwg preserves their life more than rgor, so qpcwg is more lucky than rgor
sjy preserves their life more than qxxyeag, so sjy is more lucky than qxxyeag
ajimhwspmvfq preserves their life more than hstzlnvonlfs, so ajimhwspmvfq is more lucky than hstzlnvonlfs
llemanvczye preserves their life more than gpzwukijjsob, so llemanvczye is more lucky than gpzwukijjsob
xtqcpgnaho preserves their life more than rwuesyrsa, so xtqcpgnaho is more lucky than rwuesyrsa
okbbgwujhue preserves their life more than jszjmjhvxj, so jszjmjhvxj is less lucky than okbbgwujhue
xpegffhdodwo preserves their life more than wiacn, so wiacn is less lucky than xpegffhdodwo
qinxwbs preserves their life more than qqcqiyiri, so qqcqiyiri is less lucky than qinxwbs
zkkhabb preserves their life more than njdjtmukf, so njdjtmukf is less lucky than zkkhabb
szhabklnxuw preserves their life more than devuryrzh, so devuryrzh is less lucky than szhabklnxuw
jnlv preserves their life more than iorluqjaxgp, so jnlv is not less lucky than iorluqjaxgp
pxzxuvzcz preserves their life more than wypoacpm, so pxzxuvzcz is not less lucky than wypoacpm
odthm preserves their life more than ptabdalw, so odthm is not less lucky than ptabdalw
dkx preserves their life more than cmvo, so dkx is not less lucky than cmvo
xgfxfgxywqml preserves their life more than dkjhqowbf, so xgfxfgxywqml is not less lucky than dkjhqowbf
wbyomqgmf preserves their life more than fgjwmnd, so fgjwmnd is not more lucky than wbyomqgmf
zdcrzvurr preserves their life more than yqmpgbqzqqc, so yqmpgbqzqqc is not more lucky than zdcrzvurr
uhravhkyc preserves their life more than czydsm, so czydsm is not more lucky than uhravhkyc
npeefab preserves their life more than makoveaanf, so makoveaanf is not more lucky than npeefab
xvzhln preserves their life more than npgzmmvfdvzl, so npgzmmvfdvzl is not more lucky than xvzhln
nxihkufhszap is worth thousands of dollars more than ydctafp, so nxihkufhszap is more valuable than ydctafp
ocbyfcsbitxc is worth thousands of dollars more than zthezlbuh, so ocbyfcsbitxc is more valuable than zthezlbuh
rtjimaah is worth thousands of dollars more than qte, so rtjimaah is more valuable than qte
ngepgu is worth thousands of dollars more than ayaxyrmun, so ngepgu is more valuable than ayaxyrmun
kmsabc is worth thousands of dollars more than dlrjfmn, so kmsabc is more valuable than dlrjfmn
yxlj is worth thousands of dollars more than awecfxur, so awecfxur is less valuable than yxlj
ewucekcnoyzs is worth thousands of dollars more than deplzqbxdnm, so deplzqbxdnm is less valuable than ewucekcnoyzs
byiqem is worth thousands of dollars more than cyplwj, so cyplwj is less valuable than byiqem
qvyiwmfql is worth thousands of dollars more than ftnlosucorf, so ftnlosucorf is less valuable than qvyiwmfql
agsroeglrs is worth thousands of dollars more than yutpwhwifr, so yutpwhwifr is less valuable than agsroeglrs
ufsxqjuxf is worth thousands of dollars more than wdyudyprxrx, so ufsxqjuxf is not less valuable than wdyudyprxrx
zxritix is worth thousands of dollars more than sprsvfkpf, so zxritix is not less valuable than sprsvfkpf
mhiql is worth thousands of dollars more than rnudagtdyh, so mhiql is not less valuable than rnudagtdyh
hybcbxxiwulz is worth thousands of dollars more than wiichhpl, so hybcbxxiwulz is not less valuable than wiichhpl
bavx is worth thousands of dollars more than qlqrzakkqpy, so bavx is not less valuable than qlqrzakkqpy
vgpakw is worth thousands of dollars more than xevfiv, so xevfiv is not more valuable than vgpakw
huurer is worth thousands of dollars more than umx, so umx is not more valuable than huurer
vrpnuoczgowv is worth thousands of dollars more than ayqqnwawxn, so ayqqnwawxn is not more valuable than vrpnuoczgowv
ykkdhqw is worth thousands of dollars more than yhdyeweljd, so yhdyeweljd is not more valuable than ykkdhqw
asp is worth thousands of dollars more than dpn, so dpn is not more valuable than asp
bfdz is a homeless man, quykadrlogt is a homeless man, so bfdz is more unlucky than quykadrlogt
ukbjrcwmo is a homeless man, yebmycb is a homeless man, so ukbjrcwmo is more unlucky than yebmycb
dpitqq is a homeless man, fozucvohu is a homeless man, so dpitqq is more unlucky than fozucvohu
xjgm is a homeless man, qdrdflnjonp is a homeless man, so xjgm is more unlucky than qdrdflnjonp
anaedr is a homeless man, uvva is a homeless man, so anaedr is more unlucky than uvva
xvrdrwdi is a homeless man, upofcaxp is not, so upofcaxp is less unlucky than xvrdrwdi
ysj is a homeless man, wdy is not, so wdy is less unlucky than ysj
cetrhtokcgsu is a homeless man, turblxwmotc is not, so turblxwmotc is less unlucky than cetrhtokcgsu
wipxtpdcksmg is a homeless man, kvluxy is not, so kvluxy is less unlucky than wipxtpdcksmg
cwfc is a homeless man, uxybdjqjdirz is not, so uxybdjqjdirz is less unlucky than cwfc
ukxdefpiz is a homeless man, so ukxdefpiz is not less unlucky than bfyt
jlfgrcpninet is a homeless man, so jlfgrcpninet is not less unlucky than wwvyopm
kny is a homeless man, so kny is not less unlucky than mswgw
giutw is a homeless man, so giutw is not less unlucky than zvivfsjclj
atmcmkauzc is a homeless man, so atmcmkauzc is not less unlucky than lgqcwfd
ondsuiwqo is a homeless man more than reskogqbaspr, so reskogqbaspr is not more unlucky than ondsuiwqo
ummboah is a homeless man more than jkam, so jkam is not more unlucky than ummboah
soknvosmpn is a homeless man more than kwsuflznsnn, so kwsuflznsnn is not more unlucky than soknvosmpn
jypgkwiyihl is a homeless man more than rcpggxoymfvd, so rcpggxoymfvd is not more unlucky than jypgkwiyihl
dxy is a homeless man more than xxoqcowcvx, so xxoqcowcvx is not more unlucky than dxy
qcfemworujb eats for lunch more than hyerhjcybwpn, so qcfemworujb is more healthy than hyerhjcybwpn
vup eats for lunch more than vceweinilj, so vup is more healthy than vceweinilj
xbtldfv eats for lunch more than caboqwkyxx, so xbtldfv is more healthy than caboqwkyxx
yqm eats for lunch more than tqzpgqi, so yqm is more healthy than tqzpgqi
fqeae eats for lunch more than azhubljlgy, so fqeae is more healthy than azhubljlgy
urbrqcbcvlvl eats for lunch more than gsqmvyr, so gsqmvyr is less healthy than urbrqcbcvlvl
rfsgylx eats for lunch more than xtvtlerqpx, so xtvtlerqpx is less healthy than rfsgylx
siga eats for lunch more than ntelcowijq, so ntelcowijq is less healthy than siga
enkxtsp eats for lunch more than qzinvt, so qzinvt is less healthy than enkxtsp
zyjxbeia eats for lunch more than ofehnbepmt, so ofehnbepmt is less healthy than zyjxbeia
zjrcoy eats for lunch more than cdnn, so zjrcoy is not less healthy than cdnn
qbzvfvfgjsy eats for lunch more than peyf, so qbzvfvfgjsy is not less healthy than peyf
obqjss eats for lunch more than civnju, so obqjss is not less healthy than civnju
daiaoyarh eats for lunch more than elag, so daiaoyarh is not less healthy than elag
gcaywzfbwlla eats for lunch more than fei, so gcaywzfbwlla is not less healthy than fei
bblwvrnl eats for lunch more than bqwzvnro, so bqwzvnro is not more healthy than bblwvrnl
ewnv eats for lunch more than tryjiy, so tryjiy is not more healthy than ewnv
qajslock eats for lunch more than imhpypemqpsu, so imhpypemqpsu is not more healthy than qajslock
fud eats for lunch more than vjkxklzg, so vjkxklzg is not more healthy than fud
qlbjrcrcyk eats for lunch more than vicz, so vicz is not more healthy than qlbjrcrcyk
fyaxkk goes to their grandmother 's house more than qbkli, so fyaxkk is less loving than qbkli
uasi goes to their grandmother 's house more than parkk, so uasi is less loving than parkk
gxwjeega goes to their grandmother 's house more than dsnzyau, so gxwjeega is less loving than dsnzyau
umfveieep goes to their grandmother 's house more than rchhvf, so umfveieep is less loving than rchhvf
wjtkcdz goes to their grandmother 's house more than aqebvfo, so wjtkcdz is less loving than aqebvfo
zfkt goes to their grandmother 's house more than nmqzhyil, so nmqzhyil is less loving than zfkt
ojingjfo goes to their grandmother 's house more than rucd, so rucd is less loving than ojingjfo
lelkjz goes to their grandmother 's house more than qsbqr, so qsbqr is less loving than lelkjz
ffiqluiovc goes to their grandmother 's house more than hndozrzmro, so hndozrzmro is less loving than ffiqluiovc
xeggpyw goes to their grandmother 's house more than wmeojhtqzg, so wmeojhtqzg is less loving than xeggpyw
jpxigzrdtm goes to their grandmother 's house more than vdbpqxmsnxmb, so jpxigzrdtm is not less loving than vdbpqxmsnxmb
puo goes to their grandmother 's house more than pdfv, so puo is not less loving than pdfv
cctwb goes to their grandmother 's house more than cqydfpquu, so cctwb is not less loving than cqydfpquu
laxlu goes to their grandmother 's house more than gwb, so laxlu is not less loving than gwb
poxgfh goes to their grandmother 's house more than ffo, so poxgfh is not less loving than ffo
obythrf goes to their grandmother 's house more than knnvzheapuc, so knnvzheapuc is not more loving than obythrf
yzaoyoejecjf goes to their grandmother 's house more than dweubjltokfd, so dweubjltokfd is not more loving than yzaoyoejecjf
kieebwgkgwjt goes to their grandmother 's house more than kib, so kib is not more loving than kieebwgkgwjt
ejqniestutak goes to their grandmother 's house more than kkhucqq, so kkhucqq is not more loving than ejqniestutak
zmgomuwif goes to their grandmother 's house more than rhrwkvbsqz, so rhrwkvbsqz is not more loving than zmgomuwif
mibgxscwvdyy exercises their functions more than rxvcwtxyurvx, so mibgxscwvdyy is less conscientious than rxvcwtxyurvx
iuxgvvyx exercises their functions more than xbmhwajy, so iuxgvvyx is less conscientious than xbmhwajy
firjvv exercises their functions more than dpiqjx, so firjvv is less conscientious than dpiqjx
oav exercises their functions more than kzke, so oav is less conscientious than kzke
pbqlegm exercises their functions more than lze, so pbqlegm is less conscientious than lze
emnlzuodp exercises their functions more than iqbssjh, so iqbssjh is less conscientious than emnlzuodp
umwdaqyavr exercises their functions more than rkb, so rkb is less conscientious than umwdaqyavr
mryhmnjfn exercises their functions more than espudvirnm, so espudvirnm is less conscientious than mryhmnjfn
fderg exercises their functions more than flalapeg, so flalapeg is less conscientious than fderg
vwuyb exercises their functions more than gqs, so gqs is less conscientious than vwuyb
aamiqgqbb exercises their functions more than edpiddzmu, so aamiqgqbb is not less conscientious than edpiddzmu
bhzhnqp exercises their functions more than lrnatng, so bhzhnqp is not less conscientious than lrnatng
nof exercises their functions more than ezpkk, so nof is not less conscientious than ezpkk
fcqlphaqt exercises their functions more than mxrp, so fcqlphaqt is not less conscientious than mxrp
eloaoup exercises their functions more than jwadk, so eloaoup is not less conscientious than jwadk
xwvzcm exercises their functions more than ljxaytutdqq, so ljxaytutdqq is not more conscientious than xwvzcm
frk exercises their functions more than tyhjbhjasu, so tyhjbhjasu is not more conscientious than frk
wqsqmg exercises their functions more than usakdgiburcp, so usakdgiburcp is not more conscientious than wqsqmg
lcznilhop exercises their functions more than sxazeoskjy, so sxazeoskjy is not more conscientious than lcznilhop
sodu exercises their functions more than fuykppukvjsk, so fuykppukvjsk is not more conscientious than sodu
jyn rises from another person's chair more than wuwdjhpwebj, so jyn is more restless than wuwdjhpwebj
bzwec rises from another person's chair more than abwoaxux, so bzwec is more restless than abwoaxux
nwbgugi rises from another person's chair more than eqxwcuclxif, so nwbgugi is more restless than eqxwcuclxif
mkjv rises from another person's chair more than hvxqui, so mkjv is more restless than hvxqui
gxkgukv rises from another person's chair more than cez, so gxkgukv is more restless than cez
tjqapqjsgy rises from another person's chair more than digrnleto, so digrnleto is less restless than tjqapqjsgy
yoadsqrljzjb rises from another person's chair more than jfmkbhu, so jfmkbhu is less restless than yoadsqrljzjb
unlxtp rises from another person's chair more than jth, so jth is less restless than unlxtp
qrihvwtvc rises from another person's chair more than eogqnjwmcw, so eogqnjwmcw is less restless than qrihvwtvc
nkpazjkcxak rises from another person's chair more than lbsgwekxvmf, so lbsgwekxvmf is less restless than nkpazjkcxak
xzgvyntgf rises from another person's chair more than ambkmxv, so xzgvyntgf is not less restless than ambkmxv
leqz rises from another person's chair more than pnhyedpaq, so leqz is not less restless than pnhyedpaq
fqghtuuyrd rises from another person's chair more than rgcdjjhsfykx, so fqghtuuyrd is not less restless than rgcdjjhsfykx
qmy rises from another person's chair more than goeovpcdd, so qmy is not less restless than goeovpcdd
ejbmrb rises from another person's chair more than pzeotibzkbto, so ejbmrb is not less restless than pzeotibzkbto
uhaymnher rises from another person's chair more than ijcqlhtckfc, so ijcqlhtckfc is not more restless than uhaymnher
hsyaepqjs rises from another person's chair more than dbdfz, so dbdfz is not more restless than hsyaepqjs
gfjnnynslfnr rises from another person's chair more than sangdlrcxcm, so sangdlrcxcm is not more restless than gfjnnynslfnr
dkxiveiwbh rises from another person's chair more than epbr, so epbr is not more restless than dkxiveiwbh
loxkwjfm rises from another person's chair more than qechjz, so qechjz is not more restless than loxkwjfm
getur plays poker more than veqw, so getur is more sneaky than veqw
xmxkyxhmt plays poker more than jvhnoxaxx, so xmxkyxhmt is more sneaky than jvhnoxaxx
xyv plays poker more than wpmck, so xyv is more sneaky than wpmck
xdbq plays poker more than tsaada, so xdbq is more sneaky than tsaada
mih plays poker more than inixl, so mih is more sneaky than inixl
suznxmzdwota plays poker more than vlhmqmxjgg, so vlhmqmxjgg is less sneaky than suznxmzdwota
wvbkjouxwkuo plays poker more than wurm, so wurm is less sneaky than wvbkjouxwkuo
hksdwbxp plays poker more than qwsoxaw, so qwsoxaw is less sneaky than hksdwbxp
idfgk plays poker more than hqiphcrclu, so hqiphcrclu is less sneaky than idfgk
bjs plays poker more than lnxotukwd, so lnxotukwd is less sneaky than bjs
xupyyth plays poker more than yzem, so xupyyth is not less sneaky than yzem
etfwoajsfo plays poker more than wjwxzsdgbnsk, so etfwoajsfo is not less sneaky than wjwxzsdgbnsk
epofyccesk plays poker more than juzq, so epofyccesk is not less sneaky than juzq
ahmwpo plays poker more than bpylri, so ahmwpo is not less sneaky than bpylri
xcyznenwqays plays poker more than ywsriwij, so xcyznenwqays is not less sneaky than ywsriwij
rbcddknk plays poker more than hnz, so hnz is not more sneaky than rbcddknk
kzwkvkfxufsl plays poker more than diifkbrhjfx, so diifkbrhjfx is not more sneaky than kzwkvkfxufsl
rfcvfwnczva plays poker more than bxupnzuqiwr, so bxupnzuqiwr is not more sneaky than rfcvfwnczva
aimhoxyckleh plays poker more than qgelcbyggj, so qgelcbyggj is not more sneaky than aimhoxyckleh
ljkyyhjlru plays poker more than kcrfubu, so kcrfubu is not more sneaky than ljkyyhjlru
wommubqqaa gives under another person hand more than etjbgjioagiw, so wommubqqaa is more sneaky than etjbgjioagiw
rbg gives under another person hand more than byf, so rbg is more sneaky than byf
aihly gives under another person hand more than yhpgmpffsy, so aihly is more sneaky than yhpgmpffsy
allnf gives under another person hand more than biitllxvp, so allnf is more sneaky than biitllxvp
jwrdwcoipi gives under another person hand more than xdfvs, so jwrdwcoipi is more sneaky than xdfvs
qzmhwy gives under another person hand more than jvetvpugxsdr, so jvetvpugxsdr is less sneaky than qzmhwy
ahlhyco gives under another person hand more than atbsbq, so atbsbq is less sneaky than ahlhyco
flavh gives under another person hand more than thxpagkepgxi, so thxpagkepgxi is less sneaky than flavh
lrtdy gives under another person hand more than ptyjie, so ptyjie is less sneaky than lrtdy
dfldtjkw gives under another person hand more than iaosgtpjnh, so iaosgtpjnh is less sneaky than dfldtjkw
bignqkrtjju gives under another person hand more than bwryvofreoc, so bignqkrtjju is not less sneaky than bwryvofreoc
gycvidg gives under another person hand more than amwubg, so gycvidg is not less sneaky than amwubg
abltzco gives under another person hand more than reqbbpax, so abltzco is not less sneaky than reqbbpax
jhxcywqfnju gives under another person hand more than hhn, so jhxcywqfnju is not less sneaky than hhn
ibdimdoutstx gives under another person hand more than nayraes, so ibdimdoutstx is not less sneaky than nayraes
aoxd gives under another person hand more than vlpyroziw, so vlpyroziw is not more sneaky than aoxd
quzbqhusb gives under another person hand more than ndmmvmeo, so ndmmvmeo is not more sneaky than quzbqhusb
gtdfvnjl gives under another person hand more than cbap, so cbap is not more sneaky than gtdfvnjl
oslqr gives under another person hand more than soesb, so soesb is not more sneaky than oslqr
moihjanniy gives under another person hand more than pclwudy, so pclwudy is not more sneaky than moihjanniy
ndxxshjbxke wins a prize more than giirmrl, so ndxxshjbxke is more happy than giirmrl
inyifomuxmp wins a prize more than elsifopwwk, so inyifomuxmp is more happy than elsifopwwk
eqcrwwagsin wins a prize more than lesx, so eqcrwwagsin is more happy than lesx
ncglzbsf wins a prize more than cviyu, so ncglzbsf is more happy than cviyu
drylbkafjqf wins a prize more than wmdwarcm, so drylbkafjqf is more happy than wmdwarcm
ucjdppfi wins a prize more than uhafdtzo, so uhafdtzo is less happy than ucjdppfi
hvypo wins a prize more than zwtkulmr, so zwtkulmr is less happy than hvypo
frnelguzzc wins a prize more than wuwheqrphx, so wuwheqrphx is less happy than frnelguzzc
mnaeb wins a prize more than hdblg, so hdblg is less happy than mnaeb
iuwih wins a prize more than btfshfhipo, so btfshfhipo is less happy than iuwih
yop wins a prize more than syeiqzlmflk, so yop is not less happy than syeiqzlmflk
auo wins a prize more than qtfm, so auo is not less happy than qtfm
rdaoqdsx wins a prize more than sxihlrabys, so rdaoqdsx is not less happy than sxihlrabys
txqqvou wins a prize more than izdbaqassbw, so txqqvou is not less happy than izdbaqassbw
gjvrtfx wins a prize more than srbaewlmrnun, so gjvrtfx is not less happy than srbaewlmrnun
rur wins a prize more than nikpnt, so nikpnt is not more happy than rur
cnlcdvrhhs wins a prize more than lhumaxa, so lhumaxa is not more happy than cnlcdvrhhs
gmu wins a prize more than zklcbbzp, so zklcbbzp is not more happy than gmu
zzjug wins a prize more than enrqfirikq, so enrqfirikq is not more happy than zzjug
fjnkoopifxd wins a prize more than pixjkzkst, so pixjkzkst is not more happy than fjnkoopifxd
nmjuwrs keeps their promises more than ckv, so nmjuwrs is more honest than ckv
jkvpweby keeps their promises more than dkvmzpyp, so jkvpweby is more honest than dkvmzpyp
ujxjx keeps their promises more than qnjqcjgmc, so ujxjx is more honest than qnjqcjgmc
ekbtnd keeps their promises more than ptl, so ekbtnd is more honest than ptl
equerpgz keeps their promises more than umrcqpbs, so equerpgz is more honest than umrcqpbs
pzonrqn keeps their promises more than mwhktmjgzi, so mwhktmjgzi is less honest than pzonrqn
xymqoibcvr keeps their promises more than fhzxn, so fhzxn is less honest than xymqoibcvr
ejsosppqh keeps their promises more than qvvpvsk, so qvvpvsk is less honest than ejsosppqh
wnq keeps their promises more than ybcivabtey, so ybcivabtey is less honest than wnq
becoovzefn keeps their promises more than eftpuuuwkscq, so eftpuuuwkscq is less honest than becoovzefn
fssqiocgbapc keeps their promises more than osoinevrfdnt, so fssqiocgbapc is not less honest than osoinevrfdnt
vyxanw keeps their promises more than oxkxmm, so vyxanw is not less honest than oxkxmm
hiujswp keeps their promises more than zowvzfeyiol, so hiujswp is not less honest than zowvzfeyiol
slegqqk keeps their promises more than krdefs, so slegqqk is not less honest than krdefs
ioafhnzxy keeps their promises more than uhl, so ioafhnzxy is not less honest than uhl
brxsocddrgd keeps their promises more than esm, so esm is not more honest than brxsocddrgd
vthvxbw keeps their promises more than pkrcmmlqfhk, so pkrcmmlqfhk is not more honest than vthvxbw
ynlssnj keeps their promises more than ysbtldpphf, so ysbtldpphf is not more honest than ynlssnj
qsxmqvlesc keeps their promises more than rfot, so rfot is not more honest than qsxmqvlesc
zjnkucapome keeps their promises more than rki, so rki is not more honest than zjnkucapome
mxjolhdw cuts a hole more than tovbgvu, so mxjolhdw is more designing than tovbgvu
qqirlcaz cuts a hole more than dkdimleqhbld, so qqirlcaz is more designing than dkdimleqhbld
niedinuxp cuts a hole more than hwlltjtdo, so niedinuxp is more designing than hwlltjtdo
jrqlspvdpdrn cuts a hole more than arxxp, so jrqlspvdpdrn is more designing than arxxp
iwi cuts a hole more than lyzptkyyopnb, so iwi is more designing than lyzptkyyopnb
wfrc cuts a hole more than swfrvwf, so swfrvwf is less designing than wfrc
mnuolgymthfm cuts a hole more than aclz, so aclz is less designing than mnuolgymthfm
zkcmyauoel cuts a hole more than tfdka, so tfdka is less designing than zkcmyauoel
nasglcqc cuts a hole more than mbudsaiu, so mbudsaiu is less designing than nasglcqc
daekhy cuts a hole more than jqnuraw, so jqnuraw is less designing than daekhy
ezdko cuts a hole more than qqbdmiuh, so ezdko is not less designing than qqbdmiuh
mkrgrewdi cuts a hole more than qvxqjf, so mkrgrewdi is not less designing than qvxqjf
muei cuts a hole more than evhyxgpgonr, so muei is not less designing than evhyxgpgonr
vfim cuts a hole more than uflfcbizdno, so vfim is not less designing than uflfcbizdno
nhmb cuts a hole more than pwwesrwlac, so nhmb is not less designing than pwwesrwlac
mvllkc cuts a hole more than qpc, so qpc is not more designing than mvllkc
hsuyjjwsqo cuts a hole more than pwemcxjl, so pwemcxjl is not more designing than hsuyjjwsqo
cmudpw cuts a hole more than tzub, so tzub is not more designing than cmudpw
dla cuts a hole more than kyvt, so kyvt is not more designing than dla
lsksd cuts a hole more than uivgdspakmtr, so uivgdspakmtr is not more designing than lsksd
fsz says something more than nvvzqqmous, so fsz is more talkative than nvvzqqmous
vcrbkmvvtvsk says something more than piefp, so vcrbkmvvtvsk is more talkative than piefp
eplzt says something more than rqjcbpvcj, so eplzt is more talkative than rqjcbpvcj
tasrcby says something more than lsmplsx, so tasrcby is more talkative than lsmplsx
gnfdxhbvr says something more than ipccvtgekely, so gnfdxhbvr is more talkative than ipccvtgekely
vxdcu says something more than wwcz, so wwcz is less talkative than vxdcu
ycbxwjxmdbdy says something more than fqjba, so fqjba is less talkative than ycbxwjxmdbdy
udn says something more than swwjtj, so swwjtj is less talkative than udn
cfryipftj says something more than xrxwn, so xrxwn is less talkative than cfryipftj
eccjoahglb says something more than qvicuhjffqhk, so qvicuhjffqhk is less talkative than eccjoahglb
qjpuiebpxl says something more than faigl, so qjpuiebpxl is not less talkative than faigl
xnlsasiq says something more than gggkjzha, so xnlsasiq is not less talkative than gggkjzha
nvaqocpd says something more than lzmukuuyagm, so nvaqocpd is not less talkative than lzmukuuyagm
jzymp says something more than mhsrz, so jzymp is not less talkative than mhsrz
ypclk says something more than zuctufcffvx, so ypclk is not less talkative than zuctufcffvx
mymqgeuohpi says something more than tjjttkf, so tjjttkf is not more talkative than mymqgeuohpi
vkchs says something more than iscawfrj, so iscawfrj is not more talkative than vkchs
rqmxyzr says something more than eqnrwgtxarsd, so eqnrwgtxarsd is not more talkative than rqmxyzr
rrrmmtymldue says something more than sudhwjresyox, so sudhwjresyox is not more talkative than rrrmmtymldue
qmp says something more than bfbfswilzudw, so bfbfswilzudw is not more talkative than qmp
zsiqqchbpo plays video games with another person's friends more than xcyxvic, so zsiqqchbpo is more friendly than xcyxvic
vdbw plays video games with another person's friends more than znzmgrwtwt, so vdbw is more friendly than znzmgrwtwt
wstceboynl plays video games with another person's friends more than drqvvekyvywi, so wstceboynl is more friendly than drqvvekyvywi
clbgjsy plays video games with another person's friends more than wkzlfvacw, so clbgjsy is more friendly than wkzlfvacw
gcydxszwhj plays video games with another person's friends more than lqln, so gcydxszwhj is more friendly than lqln
vcdgde plays video games with another person's friends more than moklnd, so moklnd is less friendly than vcdgde
pbi plays video games with another person's friends more than fvmidgng, so fvmidgng is less friendly than pbi
reuxtqbpl plays video games with another person's friends more than miianqxbei, so miianqxbei is less friendly than reuxtqbpl
mnpi plays video games with another person's friends more than qryfzj, so qryfzj is less friendly than mnpi
sdiclk plays video games with another person's friends more than nomardwz, so nomardwz is less friendly than sdiclk
ujonukmgxy plays video games with another person's friends more than ayoxjkyldlh, so ujonukmgxy is not less friendly than ayoxjkyldlh
cgimy plays video games with another person's friends more than aqzjbvofpem, so cgimy is not less friendly than aqzjbvofpem
eiwkmuovcnq plays video games with another person's friends more than cabgmgwotelb, so eiwkmuovcnq is not less friendly than cabgmgwotelb
fkqkaer plays video games with another person's friends more than rnzbeooqmo, so fkqkaer is not less friendly than rnzbeooqmo
lwoxfujdj plays video games with another person's friends more than fnvs, so lwoxfujdj is not less friendly than fnvs
gqzcdfopmc plays video games with another person's friends more than hwwsezl, so hwwsezl is not more friendly than gqzcdfopmc
vvuflojlkw plays video games with another person's friends more than dejyylxqme, so dejyylxqme is not more friendly than vvuflojlkw
nqzsmnui plays video games with another person's friends more than nybonma, so nybonma is not more friendly than nqzsmnui
lywfhsark plays video games with another person's friends more than mwem, so mwem is not more friendly than lywfhsark
upqkw plays video games with another person's friends more than mirqkzsthkfe, so mirqkzsthkfe is not more friendly than upqkw
esno passes another person act more than vocwtemwyyj, so esno is more commanding than vocwtemwyyj
nebuazdxbqpa passes another person act more than lsghmrz, so nebuazdxbqpa is more commanding than lsghmrz
cytdrzo passes another person act more than xtqez, so cytdrzo is more commanding than xtqez
swemvjsekk passes another person act more than ekukm, so swemvjsekk is more commanding than ekukm
axfgeqs passes another person act more than tgrqq, so axfgeqs is more commanding than tgrqq
xxsbagi passes another person act more than doytxx, so doytxx is less commanding than xxsbagi
nkwfckfgswoo passes another person act more than ghpajijibks, so ghpajijibks is less commanding than nkwfckfgswoo
wulizcfllkfy passes another person act more than lsc, so lsc is less commanding than wulizcfllkfy
clvqqy passes another person act more than xzycukt, so xzycukt is less commanding than clvqqy
tevyxlwmbrh passes another person act more than ghzn, so ghzn is less commanding than tevyxlwmbrh
vxdptgre passes another person act more than wkbvny, so vxdptgre is not less commanding than wkbvny
vxuksho passes another person act more than gjyvptkcswry, so vxuksho is not less commanding than gjyvptkcswry
xsvopqtps passes another person act more than qkfqpz, so xsvopqtps is not less commanding than qkfqpz
opjmmthpsz passes another person act more than ghtccwrqnpdy, so opjmmthpsz is not less commanding than ghtccwrqnpdy
wimqtqooulr passes another person act more than uvgt, so wimqtqooulr is not less commanding than uvgt
vzoljhtxjdrf passes another person act more than hsawarbkldd, so hsawarbkldd is not more commanding than vzoljhtxjdrf
lltcot passes another person act more than egr, so egr is not more commanding than lltcot
ppvqdzeesres passes another person act more than knandm, so knandm is not more commanding than ppvqdzeesres
cflfdrwu passes another person act more than purpenxrchjq, so purpenxrchjq is not more commanding than cflfdrwu
pwfjikr passes another person act more than uppnp, so uppnp is not more commanding than pwfjikr
zyzsv is working all day more than etb, so zyzsv is more persistent than etb
spbivfrjkbl is working all day more than nfringhp, so spbivfrjkbl is more persistent than nfringhp
ewuirpf is working all day more than ghknaxrecw, so ewuirpf is more persistent than ghknaxrecw
wsqmbha is working all day more than ctewgv, so wsqmbha is more persistent than ctewgv
gvdylv is working all day more than flryosn, so gvdylv is more persistent than flryosn
jyiixna is working all day more than fxndnck, so fxndnck is less persistent than jyiixna
mlvvwevnajbt is working all day more than righcyhym, so righcyhym is less persistent than mlvvwevnajbt
noxcxxxja is working all day more than hffsinflqpqf, so hffsinflqpqf is less persistent than noxcxxxja
snqpvson is working all day more than rpqsmho, so rpqsmho is less persistent than snqpvson
jeuobqydxaj is working all day more than wggfqpkqyia, so wggfqpkqyia is less persistent than jeuobqydxaj
cpluergtpnoh is working all day more than tcsehjinpd, so cpluergtpnoh is not less persistent than tcsehjinpd
drym is working all day more than ulv, so drym is not less persistent than ulv
xoeysnakoo is working all day more than hggrebekspm, so xoeysnakoo is not less persistent than hggrebekspm
dtlgisaich is working all day more than hsmenbcl, so dtlgisaich is not less persistent than hsmenbcl
stzioeiyup is working all day more than vvevarvnu, so stzioeiyup is not less persistent than vvevarvnu
sdvqq is working all day more than nks, so nks is not more persistent than sdvqq
pfqjfgmugbmq is working all day more than aty, so aty is not more persistent than pfqjfgmugbmq
pusfsjrurft is working all day more than xowpv, so xowpv is not more persistent than pusfsjrurft
pryzwmxxozu is working all day more than xmokknu, so xmokknu is not more persistent than pryzwmxxozu
omqktkub is working all day more than vkvxs, so vkvxs is not more persistent than omqktkub
jfidlhrmrcaw looks cute more than fvfpszbqvidq, so jfidlhrmrcaw is more attractive than fvfpszbqvidq
jlijrfllludp looks cute more than ljbvcxljcwb, so jlijrfllludp is more attractive than ljbvcxljcwb
ppqbuo looks cute more than hmwfghykgkjg, so ppqbuo is more attractive than hmwfghykgkjg
ars looks cute more than jlhlellygflz, so ars is more attractive than jlhlellygflz
pjulgk looks cute more than ltjvcenfzrlz, so pjulgk is more attractive than ltjvcenfzrlz
bpdtoibweff looks cute more than bckxvo, so bckxvo is less attractive than bpdtoibweff
caesypiux looks cute more than rgdoihsh, so rgdoihsh is less attractive than caesypiux
ypsxeeemrqk looks cute more than vksyrmuydv, so vksyrmuydv is less attractive than ypsxeeemrqk
appzhwhu looks cute more than ldgiyyqc, so ldgiyyqc is less attractive than appzhwhu
oqrpcjuvyzjf looks cute more than syrpwyty, so syrpwyty is less attractive than oqrpcjuvyzjf
runwikvsli looks cute more than zijneymwhva, so runwikvsli is not less attractive than zijneymwhva
rrbo looks cute more than gkb, so rrbo is not less attractive than gkb
ngivixagqpi looks cute more than ttzmaqxp, so ngivixagqpi is not less attractive than ttzmaqxp
ggehmizfi looks cute more than vvbosd, so ggehmizfi is not less attractive than vvbosd
ald looks cute more than yfawltb, so ald is not less attractive than yfawltb
dju looks cute while fxidnvnohase does not, so fxidnvnohase is not more attractive than dju
bltktgjkeae looks cute while lgd does not, so lgd is not more attractive than bltktgjkeae
ietkjqtuo looks cute while fhgvk does not, so fhgvk is not more attractive than ietkjqtuo
kvzrxukvigtq looks cute while gdyfrgzz does not, so gdyfrgzz is not more attractive than kvzrxukvigtq
dzorccyisu looks cute while umhb does not, so umhb is not more attractive than dzorccyisu
jmxvjcey asks tom questions more than vki, so jmxvjcey is more uncertain than vki
ipumeku asks tom questions more than shfh, so ipumeku is more uncertain than shfh
visqbmku asks tom questions more than lpb, so visqbmku is more uncertain than lpb
upad asks tom questions more than vzhdsaflj, so upad is more uncertain than vzhdsaflj
awicguqcq asks tom questions more than ansd, so awicguqcq is more uncertain than ansd
htedx asks tom questions more than ieducbiyd, so ieducbiyd is less uncertain than htedx
tlkwz asks tom questions more than nlavjtoz, so nlavjtoz is less uncertain than tlkwz
dxmniq asks tom questions more than jrqmsqwsu, so jrqmsqwsu is less uncertain than dxmniq
viiim asks tom questions more than fpzlzaelo, so fpzlzaelo is less uncertain than viiim
ynjokmwmzapx asks tom questions more than xkqx, so xkqx is less uncertain than ynjokmwmzapx
oirfpsmlzl asks tom questions more than inmfujwgzxx, so oirfpsmlzl is not less uncertain than inmfujwgzxx
mxccdudozvvj asks tom questions more than mnisz, so mxccdudozvvj is not less uncertain than mnisz
klaskxywmnvb asks tom questions more than frqywlu, so klaskxywmnvb is not less uncertain than frqywlu
kvfzynjivm asks tom questions more than ivcx, so kvfzynjivm is not less uncertain than ivcx
cuktc asks tom questions more than iezkz, so cuktc is not less uncertain than iezkz
jdroyiparv asks tom more than zbjefot, so zbjefot is not more uncertain than jdroyiparv
djlardz asks tom more than teu, so teu is not more uncertain than djlardz
nlt asks tom more than zyp, so zyp is not more uncertain than nlt
vzmx asks tom more than ucopz, so ucopz is not more uncertain than vzmx
hjdccooeoz asks tom more than omwfhnrmm, so omwfhnrmm is not more uncertain than hjdccooeoz
qons comes back home more than yncfwhttmm, so qons is more loyal than yncfwhttmm
vtlgvtrd comes back home more than gazcrhjj, so vtlgvtrd is more loyal than gazcrhjj
tfswlf comes back home more than lrdvdf, so tfswlf is more loyal than lrdvdf
jbrb comes back home more than tagbzsoenk, so jbrb is more loyal than tagbzsoenk
bmww comes back home more than ftfwzgvmbe, so bmww is more loyal than ftfwzgvmbe
yyejewdtznub always comes back home more than cda, so cda is less loyal than yyejewdtznub
yiuatfcedor always comes back home more than pkdajohpjrri, so pkdajohpjrri is less loyal than yiuatfcedor
fpwkfksxui always comes back home more than umsbpt, so umsbpt is less loyal than fpwkfksxui
mtcfp always comes back home more than kgiz, so kgiz is less loyal than mtcfp
wbkk always comes back home more than fwxlpyfhxrak, so fwxlpyfhxrak is less loyal than wbkk
obeznxju comes back home more than uwedwtjd, so obeznxju is not less loyal than uwedwtjd
mta comes back home more than pvu, so mta is not less loyal than pvu
plaazipfj comes back home more than wrayz, so plaazipfj is not less loyal than wrayz
gxwa comes back home more than qdhdovd, so gxwa is not less loyal than qdhdovd
wuwizy comes back home more than bpcxbwopbq, so wuwizy is not less loyal than bpcxbwopbq
uyrrnqlxxvir comes back home more than jrfucqr, so jrfucqr is not more loyal than uyrrnqlxxvir
aobua comes back home more than vwqhaqqvxa, so vwqhaqqvxa is not more loyal than aobua
yfjwbwuqod comes back home more than lbtnqefzkc, so lbtnqefzkc is not more loyal than yfjwbwuqod
perjgqxd comes back home more than fbzspz, so fbzspz is not more loyal than perjgqxd
fwalicj comes back home more than xdnrf, so xdnrf is not more loyal than fwalicj
qtuzcb joins another person for dinner more than zhcim, so qtuzcb is more popular than zhcim
oaztpvsbx joins another person for dinner more than cgtzry, so oaztpvsbx is more popular than cgtzry
zucfwvvrs joins another person for dinner more than oiykhivmyrzl, so zucfwvvrs is more popular than oiykhivmyrzl
nhtbvohpocfp joins another person for dinner more than bhewofdf, so nhtbvohpocfp is more popular than bhewofdf
hneyzhy joins another person for dinner more than lnnuhkwog, so hneyzhy is more popular than lnnuhkwog
audka joins another person for dinner more than hfjaxjydqv, so hfjaxjydqv is less popular than audka
drzuvi joins another person for dinner more than fqlxvsc, so fqlxvsc is less popular than drzuvi
aqlqsoyrdm joins another person for dinner more than lcwhqqsfdurj, so lcwhqqsfdurj is less popular than aqlqsoyrdm
gxm joins another person for dinner more than wqlblbwe, so wqlblbwe is less popular than gxm
dhqontjjgakf joins another person for dinner more than wsag, so wsag is less popular than dhqontjjgakf
cxzb joins another person for dinner more than wygakswpvkz, so cxzb is not less popular than wygakswpvkz
xmoqdxzjw joins another person for dinner more than pqspfsgn, so xmoqdxzjw is not less popular than pqspfsgn
azs joins another person for dinner more than nncbxt, so azs is not less popular than nncbxt
tcy joins another person for dinner more than bwujqifg, so tcy is not less popular than bwujqifg
uewenputvdod joins another person for dinner more than ousyhcjvtda, so uewenputvdod is not less popular than ousyhcjvtda
loxbqeutj joins another person for dinner more than nxlokoa, so nxlokoa is not more popular than loxbqeutj
dwtj joins another person for dinner more than boefgmzc, so boefgmzc is not more popular than dwtj
mvkxes joins another person for dinner more than olza, so olza is not more popular than mvkxes
whoc joins another person for dinner more than zetczud, so zetczud is not more popular than whoc
zguqux joins another person for dinner more than zjh, so zjh is not more popular than zguqux
mypqoihyfws buys a new pair of pants, so mypqoihyfws is more excited than difylftqdx
kbxczxtr buys a new pair of pants, so kbxczxtr is more excited than lnkwgjiyd
dioipxodof buys a new pair of pants, so dioipxodof is more excited than ayydxhuhqora
xukejaxaws buys a new pair of pants, so xukejaxaws is more excited than awtugakonqw
cacoskv buys a new pair of pants, so cacoskv is more excited than ikwcauitr
ctawgiv buys a new pair of pants, eqau does not, so eqau is less excited than ctawgiv
nbottpzhh buys a new pair of pants, fdfwef does not, so fdfwef is less excited than nbottpzhh
pjchvog buys a new pair of pants, foqwmgml does not, so foqwmgml is less excited than pjchvog
bqhxf buys a new pair of pants, mzvr does not, so mzvr is less excited than bqhxf
ekjtblmdhe buys a new pair of pants, odxpftqcrma does not, so odxpftqcrma is less excited than ekjtblmdhe
ktze buys a new pair of pants more than ucik, so ktze is not less excited than ucik
xfrsvqdrg buys a new pair of pants more than ihxze, so xfrsvqdrg is not less excited than ihxze
vgkk buys a new pair of pants more than righbho, so vgkk is not less excited than righbho
jcilhksuvsxn buys a new pair of pants more than bkdviglp, so jcilhksuvsxn is not less excited than bkdviglp
hspbjpumkwz buys a new pair of pants more than ldvxw, so hspbjpumkwz is not less excited than ldvxw
ovccmjomzcd buys a new pair of pants, so swrwl is not more excited than ovccmjomzcd
mutltag buys a new pair of pants, so cploswguql is not more excited than mutltag
hngggnckniw buys a new pair of pants, so ygjmvgvdaj is not more excited than hngggnckniw
urmd buys a new pair of pants, so fvbzpapm is not more excited than urmd
vapvqruwftfn buys a new pair of pants, so afqprumykym is not more excited than vapvqruwftfn
xlulagn perfects their craft more than npwoljvhggo, so xlulagn is more crafty than npwoljvhggo
cafazegai perfects their craft more than upzwovyvhpbf, so cafazegai is more crafty than upzwovyvhpbf
dgoars perfects their craft more than qhikmynwq, so dgoars is more crafty than qhikmynwq
zvcrub perfects their craft more than meklgamgrdmi, so zvcrub is more crafty than meklgamgrdmi
soemdbh perfects their craft more than vusskm, so soemdbh is more crafty than vusskm
gyspyb perfects their craft more than qotpwvv, so qotpwvv is less crafty than gyspyb
rcoenb perfects their craft more than ptikvk, so ptikvk is less crafty than rcoenb
zpvzsd perfects their craft more than ayvjw, so ayvjw is less crafty than zpvzsd
iukapi perfects their craft more than lwerzvochek, so lwerzvochek is less crafty than iukapi
vvkaphxosye perfects their craft more than wvkkyllfkhhn, so wvkkyllfkhhn is less crafty than vvkaphxosye
lfyxz perfects their craft more than jaaengwzoam, so lfyxz is not less crafty than jaaengwzoam
qxf perfects their craft more than xsh, so qxf is not less crafty than xsh
basktwk perfects their craft more than qpxdv, so basktwk is not less crafty than qpxdv
ijpyqpdif perfects their craft more than erjoud, so ijpyqpdif is not less crafty than erjoud
koatqxx perfects their craft more than ptv, so koatqxx is not less crafty than ptv
ykrlf perfects their craft more than yyxkweyfjzw, so yyxkweyfjzw is not more crafty than ykrlf
lcgxnkhts perfects their craft more than cwyrox, so cwyrox is not more crafty than lcgxnkhts
tiwfm perfects their craft more than eaxdhcrzxkt, so eaxdhcrzxkt is not more crafty than tiwfm
xzsuwby perfects their craft more than vwrcqfgbahbu, so vwrcqfgbahbu is not more crafty than xzsuwby
hyseylneso perfects their craft more than hharctllfbg, so hharctllfbg is not more crafty than hyseylneso
rbrbpbrlz boards the plane more than hkf, so rbrbpbrlz is more nomadic than hkf
luavgewmqeuy boards the plane more than csuxmhtf, so luavgewmqeuy is more nomadic than csuxmhtf
dfs boards the plane more than weuj, so dfs is more nomadic than weuj
wzr boards the plane more than pahvrmzhknv, so wzr is more nomadic than pahvrmzhknv
rkqdpborijqd boards the plane more than llqtuil, so rkqdpborijqd is more nomadic than llqtuil
loqs boards the plane more than kubclhmghljw, so kubclhmghljw is less nomadic than loqs
rrzhqm boards the plane more than qpwusas, so qpwusas is less nomadic than rrzhqm
kgi boards the plane more than rzcwvdmgd, so rzcwvdmgd is less nomadic than kgi
bviqdkftuvd boards the plane more than vduodabdz, so vduodabdz is less nomadic than bviqdkftuvd
vzqjrj boards the plane more than vsuwfkltinh, so vsuwfkltinh is less nomadic than vzqjrj
apjw boards the plane more than hitre, so apjw is not less nomadic than hitre
yfbmlfeyxc boards the plane more than amb, so yfbmlfeyxc is not less nomadic than amb
lql boards the plane more than zhttuo, so lql is not less nomadic than zhttuo
begvtdbaur boards the plane more than sspphsgufv, so begvtdbaur is not less nomadic than sspphsgufv
dpprybpbjzoh boards the plane more than dkhtzohsf, so dpprybpbjzoh is not less nomadic than dkhtzohsf
hajp boards the plane more than vffipgipbc, so vffipgipbc is not more nomadic than hajp
qjcwq boards the plane more than gwxriuzml, so gwxriuzml is not more nomadic than qjcwq
hyqrknaedx boards the plane more than fqnlni, so fqnlni is not more nomadic than hyqrknaedx
qgfuekv boards the plane more than kmsop, so kmsop is not more nomadic than qgfuekv
fcwm boards the plane more than uwn, so uwn is not more nomadic than fcwm
lkxgkavum scratches the ticket more than eosvym, so lkxgkavum is more hopeful than eosvym
pfylaxkm scratches the ticket more than znrnhvwosh, so pfylaxkm is more hopeful than znrnhvwosh
koxyhjlg scratches the ticket more than jwyupqb, so koxyhjlg is more hopeful than jwyupqb
ltutmakweawn scratches the ticket more than kykaocnej, so ltutmakweawn is more hopeful than kykaocnej
aciltanywm scratches the ticket more than thkdwjppsil, so aciltanywm is more hopeful than thkdwjppsil
bzmx scratches the ticket more than mrrulenih, so mrrulenih is less hopeful than bzmx
wsjbhnimnym scratches the ticket more than hgpxgrskkhzf, so hgpxgrskkhzf is less hopeful than wsjbhnimnym
atlbwun scratches the ticket more than ybh, so ybh is less hopeful than atlbwun
yfzs scratches the ticket more than vbgc, so vbgc is less hopeful than yfzs
teqgslnxx scratches the ticket more than wllpbden, so wllpbden is less hopeful than teqgslnxx
lpqfmvjbqp scratches the ticket more than adyf, so lpqfmvjbqp is not less hopeful than adyf
rxe scratches the ticket more than nwapgs, so rxe is not less hopeful than nwapgs
gdgd scratches the ticket more than pnlgbtgwq, so gdgd is not less hopeful than pnlgbtgwq
phxjpdxarz scratches the ticket more than aktfp, so phxjpdxarz is not less hopeful than aktfp
nfoub scratches the ticket more than wiipnvd, so nfoub is not less hopeful than wiipnvd
yirldocczbhv scratches the ticket more than zvu, so zvu is not more hopeful than yirldocczbhv
ccyxxojqtrz scratches the ticket more than qzpwsycqj, so qzpwsycqj is not more hopeful than ccyxxojqtrz
eflebtsxxk scratches the ticket more than vvt, so vvt is not more hopeful than eflebtsxxk
pzbfijqulxa scratches the ticket more than mvmg, so mvmg is not more hopeful than pzbfijqulxa
llhnev scratches the ticket more than qahkepntfhl, so qahkepntfhl is not more hopeful than llhnev
pad goes check more than hmo, so pad is more a worrier than hmo
dmb goes check more than aefig, so dmb is more a worrier than aefig
iikxya goes check more than vdscuzsez, so iikxya is more a worrier than vdscuzsez
habmjgsmlfwp goes check more than rkavwpunpa, so habmjgsmlfwp is more a worrier than rkavwpunpa
kkohafpos goes check more than lmtccian, so kkohafpos is more a worrier than lmtccian
hloswwisuzvm goes check more than stw, so stw is less a worrier than hloswwisuzvm
jyxsmwgf goes check more than wspfpuxprjp, so wspfpuxprjp is less a worrier than jyxsmwgf
eblfjdv goes check more than wwshvghcemrw, so wwshvghcemrw is less a worrier than eblfjdv
lmrrbbzyo goes check more than tomwyyfchcl, so tomwyyfchcl is less a worrier than lmrrbbzyo
irruqiyf goes check more than wiadipjb, so wiadipjb is less a worrier than irruqiyf
mcqauoanykee goes check more than vpln, so mcqauoanykee is not less a worrier than vpln
smx goes check more than aynl, so smx is not less a worrier than aynl
gyxl goes check more than qwedvkuc, so gyxl is not less a worrier than qwedvkuc
fwpmyikw goes check more than rixiicotz, so fwpmyikw is not less a worrier than rixiicotz
onht goes check more than esvgg, so onht is not less a worrier than esvgg
mnahakiodp goes check more than kexxvcomhxwp, so kexxvcomhxwp is not more of a worrier than mnahakiodp
hmam goes check more than bmukptamcy, so bmukptamcy is not more of a worrier than hmam
ntwsrf goes check more than fcqoxgg, so fcqoxgg is not more of a worrier than ntwsrf
ajc goes check more than msfjpb, so msfjpb is not more of a worrier than ajc
jmpevae goes check more than ayt, so ayt is not more of a worrier than jmpevae
kgpwuxggtnb loves flowers more than jfeyy, so kgpwuxggtnb is more sweet than jfeyy
yqj loves flowers more than vxhvu, so yqj is more sweet than vxhvu
rkmvvpu loves flowers more than ytunpdur, so rkmvvpu is more sweet than ytunpdur
utxvpknlkobg loves flowers more than vqtcgcbejd, so utxvpknlkobg is more sweet than vqtcgcbejd
xuet loves flowers more than rkedeyecc, so xuet is more sweet than rkedeyecc
hlpcrnxp loves flowers more than bxi, so bxi is less sweet than hlpcrnxp
ket loves flowers more than impwytryyifb, so impwytryyifb is less sweet than ket
uztvkv loves flowers more than qxh, so qxh is less sweet than uztvkv
hqujmjfppc loves flowers more than faihwzbl, so faihwzbl is less sweet than hqujmjfppc
tmuhkboauqew loves flowers more than dddzjcvdwzg, so dddzjcvdwzg is less sweet than tmuhkboauqew
nbuifhfb loves flowers more than wtba, so nbuifhfb is not less sweet than wtba
ffjrqq loves flowers more than xgmcxqgcadxw, so ffjrqq is not less sweet than xgmcxqgcadxw
zxmdp loves flowers more than sejmtpdyhtby, so zxmdp is not less sweet than sejmtpdyhtby
pybjrjbneww loves flowers more than ogvleorpw, so pybjrjbneww is not less sweet than ogvleorpw
fnhxdqbei loves flowers more than dkcztdpfvght, so fnhxdqbei is not less sweet than dkcztdpfvght
yolxuakch loves flowers more than uoaxhea, so uoaxhea is not more sweet than yolxuakch
hchqezfgbudo loves flowers more than oatnka, so oatnka is not more sweet than hchqezfgbudo
sgiinf loves flowers more than iut, so iut is not more sweet than sgiinf
ouepecalb loves flowers more than hocuqbywi, so hocuqbywi is not more sweet than ouepecalb
wnn loves flowers more than hjqdmhodrjz, so hjqdmhodrjz is not more sweet than wnn
qatob tells another person tales more than pnphnlrhmtpx, so qatob is less thoughtful than pnphnlrhmtpx
grc tells another person tales more than bkrmbr, so grc is less thoughtful than bkrmbr
cziisexozzs tells another person tales more than pjwzmsjiuj, so cziisexozzs is less thoughtful than pjwzmsjiuj
wmn tells another person tales more than escopn, so wmn is less thoughtful than escopn
iplnjejcs tells another person tales more than nhebu, so iplnjejcs is less thoughtful than nhebu
nzw tells another person tales more than qbmimi, so qbmimi is less thoughtful than nzw
affcpkh tells another person tales more than jeyc, so jeyc is less thoughtful than affcpkh
lkdmwqrk tells another person tales more than cdccfrrh, so cdccfrrh is less thoughtful than lkdmwqrk
ybyamqkdr tells another person tales more than qpzelsj, so qpzelsj is less thoughtful than ybyamqkdr
incqfxb tells another person tales more than xhznkzhwzsad, so xhznkzhwzsad is less thoughtful than incqfxb
woxqpwakw tells another person tales more than onmqqmahqq, so woxqpwakw is not less thoughtful than onmqqmahqq
mrea tells another person tales more than nbtasfrt, so mrea is not less thoughtful than nbtasfrt
ulsu tells another person tales more than xslomhdx, so ulsu is not less thoughtful than xslomhdx
rdqaip tells another person tales more than mpxnyp, so rdqaip is not less thoughtful than mpxnyp
zhhv tells another person tales more than dkcyvancceea, so zhhv is not less thoughtful than dkcyvancceea
tnqeoztm tells another person tales more than gqmytgievh, so gqmytgievh is not more thoughtful than tnqeoztm
fbjdj tells another person tales more than wqaozipshf, so wqaozipshf is not more thoughtful than fbjdj
ssdnxscwrpmh tells another person tales more than pzx, so pzx is not more thoughtful than ssdnxscwrpmh
euft tells another person tales more than dxfv, so dxfv is not more thoughtful than euft
flbszsqg tells another person tales more than qtkn, so qtkn is not more thoughtful than flbszsqg
xaohxwvy makes hamburgers more than zqhlaer, so xaohxwvy is more determined than zqhlaer
khvyfvlj makes hamburgers more than dcvnkvt, so khvyfvlj is more determined than dcvnkvt
mueejab makes hamburgers more than sffkutdmz, so mueejab is more determined than sffkutdmz
tjohita makes hamburgers more than dlziuqyulm, so tjohita is more determined than dlziuqyulm
onphptyx makes hamburgers more than ihykmyxlhnv, so onphptyx is more determined than ihykmyxlhnv
ojf makes hamburgers more than xodsatekwtzh, so xodsatekwtzh is less determined than ojf
umjpoxzwqwrj makes hamburgers more than rvgprzm, so rvgprzm is less determined than umjpoxzwqwrj
oggnleaoy makes hamburgers more than fkzoc, so fkzoc is less determined than oggnleaoy
tnjzkria makes hamburgers more than zlhrbf, so zlhrbf is less determined than tnjzkria
ypw makes hamburgers more than rbpdqexapu, so rbpdqexapu is less determined than ypw
suoxnlwjbdb makes hamburgers more than gbdmtuwwkalv, so suoxnlwjbdb is not less determined than gbdmtuwwkalv
hxwzbgyjysxm makes hamburgers more than mrx, so hxwzbgyjysxm is not less determined than mrx
kwjfcvptfi makes hamburgers more than zjavzbuzqrqt, so kwjfcvptfi is not less determined than zjavzbuzqrqt
cvwnvhzobjc makes hamburgers more than aypw, so cvwnvhzobjc is not less determined than aypw
xshzsgzsvjp makes hamburgers more than dxvjnbk, so xshzsgzsvjp is not less determined than dxvjnbk
wgu makes hamburgers more than dopiqbwav, so dopiqbwav is not more determined than wgu
chzwowotjdap makes hamburgers more than jkii, so jkii is not more determined than chzwowotjdap
qtpbgrhsy makes hamburgers more than fqn, so fqn is not more determined than qtpbgrhsy
ltiijcm makes hamburgers more than nmrewyfxpkpu, so nmrewyfxpkpu is not more determined than ltiijcm
afiay makes hamburgers more than zug, so zug is not more determined than afiay
kyupoby gilds the lily more than bdwadxyw, so kyupoby is more high maintenance than bdwadxyw
xicgdtfio gilds the lily more than vkgxu, so xicgdtfio is more high maintenance than vkgxu
fopk gilds the lily more than htkqlv, so fopk is more high maintenance than htkqlv
frydaezoxhsr gilds the lily more than nxlktywp, so frydaezoxhsr is more high maintenance than nxlktywp
hkoznpbizbgi gilds the lily more than xtkpb, so hkoznpbizbgi is more high maintenance than xtkpb
kyvsdsbqb gilds the lily more than btzmtkbhwymt, so btzmtkbhwymt is less high maintenance than kyvsdsbqb
sbnkyqze gilds the lily more than ykvqbs, so ykvqbs is less high maintenance than sbnkyqze
dopqwtu gilds the lily more than jtnb, so jtnb is less high maintenance than dopqwtu
gjmmvvrfyabk gilds the lily more than udqir, so udqir is less high maintenance than gjmmvvrfyabk
qwrr gilds the lily more than junpajsc, so junpajsc is less high maintenance than qwrr
xxvmr gilds the lily more than alvfcgbdoxgr, so xxvmr is not less high maintenance than alvfcgbdoxgr
pbbbgvjts gilds the lily more than yza, so pbbbgvjts is not less high maintenance than yza
tgryw gilds the lily more than fzbx, so tgryw is not less high maintenance than fzbx
fxrzyjt gilds the lily more than icsxacyln, so fxrzyjt is not less high maintenance than icsxacyln
tuihwt gilds the lily more than uvykkznqvgeg, so tuihwt is not less high maintenance than uvykkznqvgeg
nzbkl gilds the lily more than dkxqdqywdpd, so dkxqdqywdpd is not more high maintenance than nzbkl
yevpvxatrev gilds the lily more than uncgle, so uncgle is not more high maintenance than yevpvxatrev
vfdptqwcrhxk gilds the lily more than qyyn, so qyyn is not more high maintenance than vfdptqwcrhxk
owgtezwkuchh gilds the lily more than pcjrx, so pcjrx is not more high maintenance than owgtezwkuchh
nsydtrbtnet gilds the lily more than jdslwpohbvj, so jdslwpohbvj is not more high maintenance than nsydtrbtnet
eys spends some quality time with zqpvkznbqqbx, so eys is more friendly than zqpvkznbqqbx
rjwotwm spends some quality time with rmzxrrq, so rjwotwm is more friendly than rmzxrrq
fijvxf spends some quality time with dqtzxnado, so fijvxf is more friendly than dqtzxnado
nqayjb spends some quality time with riphckg, so nqayjb is more friendly than riphckg
qkdxjcosual spends some quality time with gfctxozyprkb, so qkdxjcosual is more friendly than gfctxozyprkb
iiuna spends some quality time more than aklbtek, so aklbtek is less friendly than iiuna
wqxoert spends some quality time more than zulawsbghjhi, so zulawsbghjhi is less friendly than wqxoert
edg spends some quality time more than vxjemm, so vxjemm is less friendly than edg
rueu spends some quality time more than vpasr, so vpasr is less friendly than rueu
rulpig spends some quality time more than sqpdvol, so sqpdvol is less friendly than rulpig
vbyzxlsktivm spends some quality time with orixaidptf, so vbyzxlsktivm is not less friendly than orixaidptf
hrqve spends some quality time with sziskxio, so hrqve is not less friendly than sziskxio
skjgog spends some quality time with rfflrrnixj, so skjgog is not less friendly than rfflrrnixj
qmj spends some quality time with ussdqyeky, so qmj is not less friendly than ussdqyeky
gyapzxqinm spends some quality time with ycl, so gyapzxqinm is not less friendly than ycl
sxphgdgrq spends some quality time with rnsszqjhj, so rnsszqjhj is not more friendly than sxphgdgrq
rbjnxb spends some quality time with niqyesismx, so niqyesismx is not more friendly than rbjnxb
umttfslsergq spends some quality time with iamarye, so iamarye is not more friendly than umttfslsergq
wamfdaw spends some quality time with aeomjrvdvabt, so aeomjrvdvabt is not more friendly than wamfdaw
ufvfvsj spends some quality time with gmq, so gmq is not more friendly than ufvfvsj
grruuinqnp gives another person advantage more than czqdaxjd, so grruuinqnp is more generous than czqdaxjd
psun gives another person advantage more than hxiiypphpno, so psun is more generous than hxiiypphpno
qkuc gives another person advantage more than dphuaiaqqyq, so qkuc is more generous than dphuaiaqqyq
mtpvlcsyfo gives another person advantage more than nfkpakhs, so mtpvlcsyfo is more generous than nfkpakhs
ddjeuvmcq gives another person advantage more than ndjxcus, so ddjeuvmcq is more generous than ndjxcus
fsgg gives another person advantage more than zgvmkaxsqrqm, so zgvmkaxsqrqm is less generous than fsgg
rycdt gives another person advantage more than jlxmuzwgo, so jlxmuzwgo is less generous than rycdt
hsxfc gives another person advantage more than thxf, so thxf is less generous than hsxfc
glb gives another person advantage more than gzursbjl, so gzursbjl is less generous than glb
vhqmf gives another person advantage more than mry, so mry is less generous than vhqmf
yohztromv gives another person advantage more than uoorvoihgcm, so yohztromv is not less generous than uoorvoihgcm
tuxqmnno gives another person advantage more than aovhvfpci, so tuxqmnno is not less generous than aovhvfpci
wdsxnuqlmj gives another person advantage more than lvfk, so wdsxnuqlmj is not less generous than lvfk
mgdpvqeciau gives another person advantage more than hsquuu, so mgdpvqeciau is not less generous than hsquuu
fwlbzls gives another person advantage more than vwbnwdlt, so fwlbzls is not less generous than vwbnwdlt
wfcjncxmlert gives another person advantage more than whjh, so whjh is not more generous than wfcjncxmlert
hqrlfei gives another person advantage more than dri, so dri is not more generous than hqrlfei
itrbrhbxguy gives another person advantage more than flakq, so flakq is not more generous than itrbrhbxguy
ckicuck gives another person advantage more than dpa, so dpa is not more generous than ckicuck
oauvuk gives another person advantage more than gkljdzzkmsk, so gkljdzzkmsk is not more generous than oauvuk
cnwknt earns their keep more than whtledfmu, so cnwknt is more hardworking than whtledfmu
qepcdu earns their keep more than gpgxjzqhr, so qepcdu is more hardworking than gpgxjzqhr
vdxijnnvba earns their keep more than pqainxtr, so vdxijnnvba is more hardworking than pqainxtr
yrwr earns their keep more than dgl, so yrwr is more hardworking than dgl
ndnijyev earns their keep more than feafdh, so ndnijyev is more hardworking than feafdh
arsusrkmx earns their keep more than gpapvi, so gpapvi is less hardworking than arsusrkmx
algeueseyjy earns their keep more than pkavi, so pkavi is less hardworking than algeueseyjy
ohlbhhyv earns their keep more than qxfi, so qxfi is less hardworking than ohlbhhyv
ngmycddi earns their keep more than zwg, so zwg is less hardworking than ngmycddi
zrvhetnyszrs earns their keep more than hhnas, so hhnas is less hardworking than zrvhetnyszrs
uebefwhh earns their keep more than arlzntnwb, so uebefwhh is not less hardworking than arlzntnwb
yqraaihjl earns their keep more than kbaqbsbkv, so yqraaihjl is not less hardworking than kbaqbsbkv
uyij earns their keep more than zkxcthdrsm, so uyij is not less hardworking than zkxcthdrsm
dtgr earns their keep more than ubjoxmbm, so dtgr is not less hardworking than ubjoxmbm
zvdjkocpgasd earns their keep more than kkagbfaknucb, so zvdjkocpgasd is not less hardworking than kkagbfaknucb
nwr earns their keep more than kgpzddxigdlv, so kgpzddxigdlv is not more hardworking than nwr
nqpimf earns their keep more than lnxlul, so lnxlul is not more hardworking than nqpimf
tmxkxgisl earns their keep more than zrvhrth, so zrvhrth is not more hardworking than tmxkxgisl
llmsja earns their keep more than zxcjujl, so zxcjujl is not more hardworking than llmsja
tthcklu earns their keep more than lcisonlem, so lcisonlem is not more hardworking than tthcklu
xhwqjmlzgl inherits as another person trait more than kcevsv, so xhwqjmlzgl is more affectionate than kcevsv
tlbzdglobms inherits as another person trait more than psrxozpvrs, so tlbzdglobms is more affectionate than psrxozpvrs
rsjcaauhx inherits as another person trait more than zkqddki, so rsjcaauhx is more affectionate than zkqddki
kouyods inherits as another person trait more than hyuhmbnvon, so kouyods is more affectionate than hyuhmbnvon
hpblfqbwdxbd inherits as another person trait more than dcjaugienf, so hpblfqbwdxbd is more affectionate than dcjaugienf
juzkuxkjz inherits as another person trait more than fquczygxs, so fquczygxs is less affectionate than juzkuxkjz
pnpyemjyt inherits as another person trait more than ncjbdwhi, so ncjbdwhi is less affectionate than pnpyemjyt
dxyxdts inherits as another person trait more than enbfktd, so enbfktd is less affectionate than dxyxdts
ihtl inherits as another person trait more than cbxyey, so cbxyey is less affectionate than ihtl
ivhuii inherits as another person trait more than jmxsovedet, so jmxsovedet is less affectionate than ivhuii
flaecztazp inherits as another person trait more than xfyysdihvp, so flaecztazp is not less affectionate than xfyysdihvp
itqtpi inherits as another person trait more than mzjpoifj, so itqtpi is not less affectionate than mzjpoifj
cvzhq inherits as another person trait more than kdydvcv, so cvzhq is not less affectionate than kdydvcv
bwptsamphtge inherits as another person trait more than elbghostl, so bwptsamphtge is not less affectionate than elbghostl
talcahgcwc inherits as another person trait more than ldpljckub, so talcahgcwc is not less affectionate than ldpljckub
xuxmklpagmhs inherits as another person trait more than atddzbftww, so atddzbftww is not more affectionate than xuxmklpagmhs
axuok inherits as another person trait more than hzmgwjb, so hzmgwjb is not more affectionate than axuok
ptl inherits as another person trait more than opori, so opori is not more affectionate than ptl
rxuddlwwtw inherits as another person trait more than ovxs, so ovxs is not more affectionate than rxuddlwwtw
njqjkerr inherits as another person trait more than mlsrhnsv, so mlsrhnsv is not more affectionate than njqjkerr
ixs works well in business more than irga, so ixs is more skilled than irga
vgogd works well in business more than ltvgxm, so vgogd is more skilled than ltvgxm
vdfcgrcxneqq works well in business more than vhtccdfsovx, so vdfcgrcxneqq is more skilled than vhtccdfsovx
ooleeqpxhiw works well in business more than zqruydwsabk, so ooleeqpxhiw is more skilled than zqruydwsabk
ndzitbt works well in business more than aifg, so ndzitbt is more skilled than aifg
mbier works well in business more than fwigw, so fwigw is less skilled than mbier
nsxtwbe works well in business more than wuexgncuhjg, so wuexgncuhjg is less skilled than nsxtwbe
rwpugipvegs works well in business more than vjy, so vjy is less skilled than rwpugipvegs
vlqqmuk works well in business more than kzwmufoyjq, so kzwmufoyjq is less skilled than vlqqmuk
bhkmorh works well in business more than bgjdmtudlkn, so bgjdmtudlkn is less skilled than bhkmorh
jkiehvwcil works well in business more than uondqo, so jkiehvwcil is not less skilled than uondqo
ozykn works well in business more than cej, so ozykn is not less skilled than cej
zsdtaaxajyuj works well in business more than rbzmj, so zsdtaaxajyuj is not less skilled than rbzmj
dbr works well in business more than npsjtq, so dbr is not less skilled than npsjtq
aimdl works well in business more than camkowwlas, so aimdl is not less skilled than camkowwlas
btaxioqojr works well in business more than zdzoodpetwt, so zdzoodpetwt is not more skilled than btaxioqojr
xqinzhkqobj works well in business more than xau, so xau is not more skilled than xqinzhkqobj
mumudzxlyz works well in business more than cjvzglihifxu, so cjvzglihifxu is not more skilled than mumudzxlyz
kldipepq works well in business more than woashl, so woashl is not more skilled than kldipepq
zfekpujw works well in business more than quhenznly, so quhenznly is not more skilled than zfekpujw
zxhvn cuts their grass more than zbvlyoibz, so zxhvn is more friendly than zbvlyoibz
urtlulel cuts their grass more than kkqdupji, so urtlulel is more friendly than kkqdupji
sexzpb cuts their grass more than qttxtghvc, so sexzpb is more friendly than qttxtghvc
mwifkffbtqm cuts their grass more than amhtbuqlwtfy, so mwifkffbtqm is more friendly than amhtbuqlwtfy
zpzmnblkqls cuts their grass more than jzksbggtr, so zpzmnblkqls is more friendly than jzksbggtr
rdnc cuts their grass more than gfzbabnay, so gfzbabnay is less friendly than rdnc
qyncgocudm cuts their grass more than rnj, so rnj is less friendly than qyncgocudm
isgep cuts their grass more than peut, so peut is less friendly than isgep
rghqwz cuts their grass more than evxrj, so evxrj is less friendly than rghqwz
wpbrwntpqt cuts their grass more than buwuggcwjqe, so buwuggcwjqe is less friendly than wpbrwntpqt
whvwmczkgub cuts their grass more than cbru, so whvwmczkgub is not less friendly than cbru
egtcysqtd cuts their grass more than whqg, so egtcysqtd is not less friendly than whqg
omhsbm cuts their grass more than vgwmvxdylrbo, so omhsbm is not less friendly than vgwmvxdylrbo
phmhhr cuts their grass more than uwuatfwq, so phmhhr is not less friendly than uwuatfwq
ltgwztom cuts their grass more than dbjguw, so ltgwztom is not less friendly than dbjguw
ifz cuts their grass more than mhptm, so mhptm is not more friendly than ifz
aqqhx cuts their grass more than vdrctxykke, so vdrctxykke is not more friendly than aqqhx
oqettjzojbl cuts their grass more than yyvzd, so yyvzd is not more friendly than oqettjzojbl
cpeoxasokse cuts their grass more than zgscfcitxnbq, so zgscfcitxnbq is not more friendly than cpeoxasokse
hcwus cuts their grass more than omthip, so omthip is not more friendly than hcwus
wxrcnvbpnqlr shovels another person's driveway more than ywcjk, so wxrcnvbpnqlr is more kind than ywcjk
ghszqvoab shovels another person's driveway more than ofjyqlsjo, so ghszqvoab is more kind than ofjyqlsjo
dqntyv shovels another person's driveway more than xefaap, so dqntyv is more kind than xefaap
yhd shovels another person's driveway more than akuncw, so yhd is more kind than akuncw
mkadgdxr shovels another person's driveway more than xhxwxgplgxw, so mkadgdxr is more kind than xhxwxgplgxw
uch shovels another person's driveway more than mcaj, so mcaj is less kind than uch
jfpjxx shovels another person's driveway more than rxnevypmkrm, so rxnevypmkrm is less kind than jfpjxx
eiwkeqfvrmrw shovels another person's driveway more than epg, so epg is less kind than eiwkeqfvrmrw
dmarjfqlik shovels another person's driveway more than kocchwpl, so kocchwpl is less kind than dmarjfqlik
toi shovels another person's driveway more than gryoaovwz, so gryoaovwz is less kind than toi
mpztxcn shovels another person's driveway more than uszypauffc, so mpztxcn is not less kind than uszypauffc
tgponddniqh shovels another person's driveway more than qjeg, so tgponddniqh is not less kind than qjeg
ylgptacsfgwn shovels another person's driveway more than mcvikors, so ylgptacsfgwn is not less kind than mcvikors
qmnmtivd shovels another person's driveway more than bawvej, so qmnmtivd is not less kind than bawvej
btwqqeqkf shovels another person's driveway more than utw, so btwqqeqkf is not less kind than utw
djv shovels another person's driveway more than ktxkqcrysgqz, so ktxkqcrysgqz is not more kind than djv
cnxjwukerigv shovels another person's driveway more than hbqdjdxhwh, so hbqdjdxhwh is not more kind than cnxjwukerigv
rglmnda shovels another person's driveway more than hngqxwsq, so hngqxwsq is not more kind than rglmnda
mrgs shovels another person's driveway more than ybngsxaagzbv, so ybngsxaagzbv is not more kind than mrgs
njaov shovels another person's driveway more than daoyur, so daoyur is not more kind than njaov
qiuaucoop is much stronger than emq, so qiuaucoop is more athletic than emq
ingm is much stronger than znzmxldam, so ingm is more athletic than znzmxldam
xttnznvotl is much stronger than tgsngxko, so xttnznvotl is more athletic than tgsngxko
qwek is much stronger than utxrw, so qwek is more athletic than utxrw
cdc is much stronger than oupuhy, so cdc is more athletic than oupuhy
igmtcugesp is much stronger than dpbedrccwt, so dpbedrccwt is less athletic than igmtcugesp
lznprwvpois is much stronger than ykzgoolc, so ykzgoolc is less athletic than lznprwvpois
otlrtzjucyp is much stronger than teeywwwknr, so teeywwwknr is less athletic than otlrtzjucyp
yyyjwwcy is much stronger than mspyjiv, so mspyjiv is less athletic than yyyjwwcy
svrmwirea is much stronger than cog, so cog is less athletic than svrmwirea
dwvlilufkjo is much stronger than kjwop, so dwvlilufkjo is not less athletic than kjwop
sziqkohdt is much stronger than mtxfi, so sziqkohdt is not less athletic than mtxfi
cqw is much stronger than rseucb, so cqw is not less athletic than rseucb
zlkojys is much stronger than cefylrmu, so zlkojys is not less athletic than cefylrmu
pyqrhcrplqeb is much stronger than kajftzgjdxay, so pyqrhcrplqeb is not less athletic than kajftzgjdxay
ndkhcggfsdm is much stronger than ugusivxdxpe, so ugusivxdxpe is not more athletic than ndkhcggfsdm
gkggmkthduq is much stronger than snldlyyvmspj, so snldlyyvmspj is not more athletic than gkggmkthduq
hdagzdplu is much stronger than wmjdjayjgub, so wmjdjayjgub is not more athletic than hdagzdplu
kvcfjaeeqibh is much stronger than rczfbnje, so rczfbnje is not more athletic than kvcfjaeeqibh
qhyihrlpoa is much stronger than mcnhdhgrrtgk, so mcnhdhgrrtgk is not more athletic than qhyihrlpoa
vjcauj eats leftovers more than bblmqkavcnj, so vjcauj is more hungry than bblmqkavcnj
iazkdy eats leftovers more than vapr, so iazkdy is more hungry than vapr
pboughnrmx eats leftovers more than dlhotaxy, so pboughnrmx is more hungry than dlhotaxy
ffvtriwnx eats leftovers more than qpzk, so ffvtriwnx is more hungry than qpzk
cyw eats leftovers more than xjsobqntwrbl, so cyw is more hungry than xjsobqntwrbl
fkp eats leftovers more than dcdhvyjc, so dcdhvyjc is less hungry than fkp
qlamvu eats leftovers more than ufwsdcsiq, so ufwsdcsiq is less hungry than qlamvu
rlk eats leftovers more than tfgpzzavply, so tfgpzzavply is less hungry than rlk
gllvv eats leftovers more than rek, so rek is less hungry than gllvv
vtd eats leftovers more than sbdpna, so sbdpna is less hungry than vtd
zxzgwoxj eats leftovers more than glgqqrybhg, so zxzgwoxj is not less hungry than glgqqrybhg
xkxss eats leftovers more than iegnod, so xkxss is not less hungry than iegnod
fzbpjvgmzwl eats leftovers more than vaili, so fzbpjvgmzwl is not less hungry than vaili
fdoznaff eats leftovers more than rtqbw, so fdoznaff is not less hungry than rtqbw
ocqqhbs eats leftovers more than fiaflosdzc, so ocqqhbs is not less hungry than fiaflosdzc
aelnhqr eats leftovers more than syjdkyafj, so syjdkyafj is not more hungry than aelnhqr
yjmg eats leftovers more than sazlvnx, so sazlvnx is not more hungry than yjmg
uigkvz eats leftovers more than eazknrkdn, so eazknrkdn is not more hungry than uigkvz
yhqhzulsk eats leftovers more than smcm, so smcm is not more hungry than yhqhzulsk
dqulwg eats leftovers more than mywkbvbzo, so mywkbvbzo is not more hungry than dqulwg
xcjvkjbo is low on money, mkn is low on money, so xcjvkjbo is more poor than mkn
khlpjnaj is low on money, yoxnxowungqu is low on money, so khlpjnaj is more poor than yoxnxowungqu
ccwvs is low on money, szqxoep is low on money, so ccwvs is more poor than szqxoep
lfcyzlrw is low on money, kvsu is low on money, so lfcyzlrw is more poor than kvsu
aoq is low on money, rpa is low on money, so aoq is more poor than rpa
zli is low on money more than suoriofn, so suoriofn is less poor than zli
xfs is low on money more than kikrma, so kikrma is less poor than xfs
pvouvwuunjl is low on money more than dry, so dry is less poor than pvouvwuunjl
vrkulspa is low on money more than nqflerla, so nqflerla is less poor than vrkulspa
ygbplcn is low on money more than wvok, so wvok is less poor than ygbplcn
yby is low on money more than buwf, so yby is not less poor than buwf
mygojt is low on money more than xwi, so mygojt is not less poor than xwi
rxpyxsuvvlwi is low on money more than klc, so rxpyxsuvvlwi is not less poor than klc
kzoedcokd is low on money more than bhevxwmssbh, so kzoedcokd is not less poor than bhevxwmssbh
ncpjvxtwsj is low on money more than geksdvjoct, so ncpjvxtwsj is not less poor than geksdvjoct
wpeb is low on money more than nlxj, so nlxj is not more poor than wpeb
qhcp is low on money more than cok, so cok is not more poor than qhcp
uofvbbsjy is low on money more than qrot, so qrot is not more poor than uofvbbsjy
rerefxkhciz is low on money more than kjzviuacjcfv, so kjzviuacjcfv is not more poor than rerefxkhciz
wmymamadtt is low on money more than cwzya, so cwzya is not more poor than wmymamadtt
vhxsfrjadp is better than nothing than fpoa, so vhxsfrjadp is more okay than fpoa
kpv is better than nothing than gycgrcriva, so kpv is more okay than gycgrcriva
mezjezpwiavg is better than nothing than puqqueulbvx, so mezjezpwiavg is more okay than puqqueulbvx
pvas is better than nothing than gzobh, so pvas is more okay than gzobh
wrgssbtt is better than nothing than gmos, so wrgssbtt is more okay than gmos
yqzzwh is better than nothing than bukppadzg, so bukppadzg is less okay than yqzzwh
gklwmhkkpp is better than nothing than etzytzuwf, so etzytzuwf is less okay than gklwmhkkpp
onodd is better than nothing than fxssgyyh, so fxssgyyh is less okay than onodd
jywzmptuc is better than nothing than gmisj, so gmisj is less okay than jywzmptuc
xwm is better than nothing than wsmg, so wsmg is less okay than xwm
egbvome is better than nothing than nht, so egbvome is not less okay than nht
dji is better than nothing than fehfpu, so dji is not less okay than fehfpu
mte is better than nothing than ahwf, so mte is not less okay than ahwf
shsbtc is better than nothing than exvqopwtvrnr, so shsbtc is not less okay than exvqopwtvrnr
toegdocj is better than nothing than admm, so toegdocj is not less okay than admm
jpgtzemru is better than qcgobdbmuu, so qcgobdbmuu is not more okay than jpgtzemru
xohrzxk is better than gmi, so gmi is not more okay than xohrzxk
brpdhvfnvx is better than corbp, so corbp is not more okay than brpdhvfnvx
rnipqjmxc is better than btdrqnjunm, so btdrqnjunm is not more okay than rnipqjmxc
mjp is better than yfhmfx, so yfhmfx is not more okay than mjp
ktdiyrjgo throws a wobbly ball more than bqinjak, so ktdiyrjgo is more talented than bqinjak
elpuirohrmul throws a wobbly ball more than exbwsyyg, so elpuirohrmul is more talented than exbwsyyg
xur throws a wobbly ball more than jqosfz, so xur is more talented than jqosfz
qiqw throws a wobbly ball more than ypkh, so qiqw is more talented than ypkh
retveydeq throws a wobbly ball more than hzorkh, so retveydeq is more talented than hzorkh
lhtbu throws a wobbly ball more than zjkanlgs, so zjkanlgs is more talented than lhtbu
ryayxv throws a wobbly ball more than okmacdk, so okmacdk is more talented than ryayxv
bxhozrcik throws a wobbly ball more than ybzstt, so ybzstt is more talented than bxhozrcik
ojxdkfdkk throws a wobbly ball more than uganbuoilc, so uganbuoilc is more talented than ojxdkfdkk
ikehzxltplk throws a wobbly ball more than rxmjgl, so rxmjgl is more talented than ikehzxltplk
omorgfyk throws a wobbly ball more than znrk, so omorgfyk is not less talented than znrk
zkje throws a wobbly ball more than gptjtexfhzoo, so zkje is not less talented than gptjtexfhzoo
zkf throws a wobbly ball more than krrfmsda, so zkf is not less talented than krrfmsda
ztycvqhww throws a wobbly ball more than ipbb, so ztycvqhww is not less talented than ipbb
mukgertq throws a wobbly ball more than jwvkea, so mukgertq is not less talented than jwvkea
haqkwwxhabkx is not more talented than yuxtykqdj, so yuxtykqdj is not more talented than haqkwwxhabkx
fzldbuwthurh is not more talented than varqshmvtxkt, so varqshmvtxkt is not more talented than fzldbuwthurh
bflkrqzhcoxe is not more talented than rthy, so rthy is not more talented than bflkrqzhcoxe
abmjnjkykd is not more talented than avpgothumv, so avpgothumv is not more talented than abmjnjkykd
uuvntznltwl is not more talented than knisfmqapfgx, so knisfmqapfgx is not more talented than uuvntznltwl
vroogzv is going to the movies more than apfusxvclmga, so vroogzv is more eager than apfusxvclmga
xik is going to the movies more than hntiltviuiv, so xik is more eager than hntiltviuiv
ydo is going to the movies more than qkxpattq, so ydo is more eager than qkxpattq
axnymgv is going to the movies more than kwugzgmsbg, so axnymgv is more eager than kwugzgmsbg
wopciyr is going to the movies more than bppipdhfledy, so wopciyr is more eager than bppipdhfledy
rmofkiqy is going to the moviesMore is going to the movies than hikxxtzxc, so hikxxtzxc is less eager than rmofkiqy
ibtizkgfsz is going to the moviesMore is going to the movies than cobjjsrycq, so cobjjsrycq is less eager than ibtizkgfsz
qqfeojkns is going to the moviesMore is going to the movies than pbwkgu, so pbwkgu is less eager than qqfeojkns
xcrjvksxxcj is going to the moviesMore is going to the movies than kwzaneldcw, so kwzaneldcw is less eager than xcrjvksxxcj
yphhtrsxutg is going to the moviesMore is going to the movies than nguqydjrdk, so nguqydjrdk is less eager than yphhtrsxutg
mnoodjbi is going to the movies more than bjcce, so mnoodjbi is not less eager than bjcce
rgfaxdhrknq is going to the movies more than zuqn, so rgfaxdhrknq is not less eager than zuqn
lgucsarpaiym is going to the movies more than efjzjxvyrsb, so lgucsarpaiym is not less eager than efjzjxvyrsb
ras is going to the movies more than ywksu, so ras is not less eager than ywksu
oljiflww is going to the movies more than moyfaylg, so oljiflww is not less eager than moyfaylg
pdahbgb is going to the movies more than umcs, so umcs is not more eager than pdahbgb
scwqhwtccr is going to the movies more than envs, so envs is not more eager than scwqhwtccr
yohnhmdmvgdr is going to the movies more than kpaukwbn, so kpaukwbn is not more eager than yohnhmdmvgdr
bdmh is going to the movies more than gzujjfcts, so gzujjfcts is not more eager than bdmh
xpkjis is going to the movies more than ifqlqwydga, so ifqlqwydga is not more eager than xpkjis
pgghjftpcdo lets it cool more than mqsrjp, so pgghjftpcdo is more smart than mqsrjp
snqhekqbgdt lets it cool more than mftqmbndmym, so snqhekqbgdt is more smart than mftqmbndmym
khownxlfa lets it cool more than uzv, so khownxlfa is more smart than uzv
takqy lets it cool more than nqgkl, so takqy is more smart than nqgkl
mxnwl lets it cool more than fufbwwii, so mxnwl is more smart than fufbwwii
ljqm lets it cool more than kjughdrbjw, so kjughdrbjw is less smart than ljqm
eyzbqhsxqkrs lets it cool more than fsle, so fsle is less smart than eyzbqhsxqkrs
zmgs lets it cool more than ockvsjft, so ockvsjft is less smart than zmgs
soua lets it cool more than drhkciuzvu, so drhkciuzvu is less smart than soua
yvcjqrbw lets it cool more than vvvugtcwt, so vvvugtcwt is less smart than yvcjqrbw
gzra lets it cool more than hmwqxx, so gzra is not less smart than hmwqxx
uiaocghfliz lets it cool more than gnhakmjw, so uiaocghfliz is not less smart than gnhakmjw
cvoleex lets it cool more than thqbugvjrc, so cvoleex is not less smart than thqbugvjrc
nuiib lets it cool more than ardjqsaallqa, so nuiib is not less smart than ardjqsaallqa
poysyplvn lets it cool more than cpobzhthwjcz, so poysyplvn is not less smart than cpobzhthwjcz
kini lets it cool more than qbphjt, so qbphjt is not more smart than kini
zoiwfdy lets it cool more than lfflynnjzzpl, so lfflynnjzzpl is not more smart than zoiwfdy
fnf lets it cool more than xeapkklqu, so xeapkklqu is not more smart than fnf
jrtuosx lets it cool more than imnsyorwfl, so imnsyorwfl is not more smart than jrtuosx
ieablmarwpo lets it cool more than auudayb, so auudayb is not more smart than ieablmarwpo
qpd becomes frightened more than eupzm, so qpd is more afraid than eupzm
bcfqwjj becomes frightened more than xlohmvpt, so bcfqwjj is more afraid than xlohmvpt
vgsjfapetfi becomes frightened more than cgiyzdbyutgm, so vgsjfapetfi is more afraid than cgiyzdbyutgm
rkezmv becomes frightened more than ocjxdwnzxcpb, so rkezmv is more afraid than ocjxdwnzxcpb
rhlbyrqq becomes frightened more than wqka, so rhlbyrqq is more afraid than wqka
deasiddspcy becomes frightened more than sifjxvw, so sifjxvw is less afraid than deasiddspcy
qbbcqyi becomes frightened more than jknbnmyku, so jknbnmyku is less afraid than qbbcqyi
gqas becomes frightened more than ehjkp, so ehjkp is less afraid than gqas
gkgmhoz becomes frightened more than nfqlcozoyy, so nfqlcozoyy is less afraid than gkgmhoz
ywzhyquivgzm becomes frightened more than xkof, so xkof is less afraid than ywzhyquivgzm
isvs becomes frightened more than hmkteo, so isvs is not less afraid than hmkteo
vkpbstteao becomes frightened more than ciodbitugk, so vkpbstteao is not less afraid than ciodbitugk
dlfbslqm becomes frightened more than xwmughjzume, so dlfbslqm is not less afraid than xwmughjzume
vlxpfofjv becomes frightened more than dotuqh, so vlxpfofjv is not less afraid than dotuqh
ebq becomes frightened more than zyelaiccs, so ebq is not less afraid than zyelaiccs
itebted becomes frightened more than edsfppmisj, so edsfppmisj is not more afraid than itebted
gpfjmffp becomes frightened more than fcbutrprq, so fcbutrprq is not more afraid than gpfjmffp
keig becomes frightened more than qotsvp, so qotsvp is not more afraid than keig
icqtohmrgzmn becomes frightened more than djwrop, so djwrop is not more afraid than icqtohmrgzmn
hdxpqdhdlnr becomes frightened more than wqyebjss, so wqyebjss is not more afraid than hdxpqdhdlnr
ckzveza gets very sick more than mdxwdvir, so ckzveza is more weak than mdxwdvir
kbli gets very sick more than bgah, so kbli is more weak than bgah
blfcfkctqtj gets very sick more than inwbobpy, so blfcfkctqtj is more weak than inwbobpy
gjvjb gets very sick more than syz, so gjvjb is more weak than syz
uhcvtdfa gets very sick more than eolkinysmprm, so uhcvtdfa is more weak than eolkinysmprm
ttgybfkbnv gets very sick more than pokyun, so pokyun is less weak than ttgybfkbnv
ebij gets very sick more than geyexmw, so geyexmw is less weak than ebij
fzfvxrpxpxn gets very sick more than qeewthumpxfa, so qeewthumpxfa is less weak than fzfvxrpxpxn
quzklshl gets very sick more than cjpvfdl, so cjpvfdl is less weak than quzklshl
fwivcmipjbcj gets very sick more than nbiwqftojjgm, so nbiwqftojjgm is less weak than fwivcmipjbcj
zqdtrwluk gets very sick more than fmvhgjxezrom, so zqdtrwluk is not less weak than fmvhgjxezrom
neidxaubhu gets very sick more than chcqvckhslx, so neidxaubhu is not less weak than chcqvckhslx
kbuyxxm gets very sick more than rdaq, so kbuyxxm is not less weak than rdaq
oulox gets very sick more than svyomoludqfc, so oulox is not less weak than svyomoludqfc
quve gets very sick more than kxpt, so quve is not less weak than kxpt
exgpyyf gets very sick more than luuesrqofizn, so luuesrqofizn is not more weak than exgpyyf
umpeamoii gets very sick more than qllbirj, so qllbirj is not more weak than umpeamoii
ybgghtjwejhm gets very sick more than ovqtdhyzucur, so ovqtdhyzucur is not more weak than ybgghtjwejhm
arrrkifdqvh gets very sick more than lvuy, so lvuy is not more weak than arrrkifdqvh
jlvzhzjhwmaa gets very sick more than ermmpe, so ermmpe is not more weak than jlvzhzjhwmaa
lhkwpuoya catches another person's breath more than ureey, so lhkwpuoya is more hppy than ureey
ltofjhm catches another person's breath more than ygz, so ltofjhm is more hppy than ygz
wqyqopibi catches another person's breath more than swnw, so wqyqopibi is more hppy than swnw
addkjuhjs catches another person's breath more than bqhijywe, so addkjuhjs is more hppy than bqhijywe
ieow catches another person's breath more than hino, so ieow is more hppy than hino
grgfoxjq catches another person's breath more than kbs, so kbs is less hppy than grgfoxjq
qdrwa catches another person's breath more than yplvnmcw, so yplvnmcw is less hppy than qdrwa
kagtlutx catches another person's breath more than tiy, so tiy is less hppy than kagtlutx
bdaeaouqw catches another person's breath more than xtkuwncxdu, so xtkuwncxdu is less hppy than bdaeaouqw
dycac catches another person's breath more than hhrg, so hhrg is less hppy than dycac
uakh catches another person's breath more than yzlvrnoazw, so uakh is not less hppy than yzlvrnoazw
ampozmt catches another person's breath more than pmbfqjkicfrg, so ampozmt is not less hppy than pmbfqjkicfrg
jhgtimuhsca catches another person's breath more than xuckdp, so jhgtimuhsca is not less hppy than xuckdp
wvocnkzqeme catches another person's breath more than lsu, so wvocnkzqeme is not less hppy than lsu
xkmqqeba catches another person's breath more than zcobmqog, so xkmqqeba is not less hppy than zcobmqog
xzruwnbul catches another person's breath more than egvv, so egvv is not more hppy than xzruwnbul
lfrdgf catches another person's breath more than iwpbhpofhq, so iwpbhpofhq is not more hppy than lfrdgf
cpjrgozmkvii catches another person's breath more than xpoqd, so xpoqd is not more hppy than cpjrgozmkvii
yjoncfl catches another person's breath more than sncwr, so sncwr is not more hppy than yjoncfl
tbq catches another person's breath more than qobfbmxpsllh, so qobfbmxpsllh is not more hppy than tbq
hzbdrbf goes to the beach with their family more than tlakqgq, so hzbdrbf is more loving than tlakqgq
fqpvhp goes to the beach with their family more than mzwefbkaor, so fqpvhp is more loving than mzwefbkaor
hlmuivfzhox goes to the beach with their family more than jkvjoql, so hlmuivfzhox is more loving than jkvjoql
wuujkcxvvr goes to the beach with their family more than tgo, so wuujkcxvvr is more loving than tgo
uhieor goes to the beach with their family more than ehvtf, so uhieor is more loving than ehvtf
ljwp goes to the beach with their family more than jgho, so jgho is less loving than ljwp
bgnjpy goes to the beach with their family more than prcjzcyny, so prcjzcyny is less loving than bgnjpy
dtjhziy goes to the beach with their family more than nwkzz, so nwkzz is less loving than dtjhziy
yow goes to the beach with their family more than txobptcyjr, so txobptcyjr is less loving than yow
zufcygfjwx goes to the beach with their family more than byrobkuto, so byrobkuto is less loving than zufcygfjwx
xerkdvzv goes to the beach with their family more than nfw, so xerkdvzv is not less loving than nfw
zwj goes to the beach with their family more than rxhdeqb, so zwj is not less loving than rxhdeqb
tcfczrrmy goes to the beach with their family more than feksderriil, so tcfczrrmy is not less loving than feksderriil
zdxru goes to the beach with their family more than qalzncxedwvs, so zdxru is not less loving than qalzncxedwvs
qeeryro goes to the beach with their family more than vdqqjmucvhlh, so qeeryro is not less loving than vdqqjmucvhlh
aluk goes to the beach with their family more than shairlzvbltp, so shairlzvbltp is not more loving than aluk
ebyzogivjxv goes to the beach with their family more than lftcwfd, so lftcwfd is not more loving than ebyzogivjxv
outrlgadxgb goes to the beach with their family more than pzuqepfsa, so pzuqepfsa is not more loving than outrlgadxgb
doiklcwr goes to the beach with their family more than qhossvbgpzf, so qhossvbgpzf is not more loving than doiklcwr
nltaw goes to the beach with their family more than myvluizx, so myvluizx is not more loving than nltaw
vmecnn spends the day more than dweohby, so vmecnn is more adventurous than dweohby
krlm spends the day more than owdptsrnfd, so krlm is more adventurous than owdptsrnfd
jenwz spends the day more than bbdqkbwtsf, so jenwz is more adventurous than bbdqkbwtsf
txqwort spends the day more than rdd, so txqwort is more adventurous than rdd
uoscsuvtoviy spends the day more than gugiwsgiwn, so uoscsuvtoviy is more adventurous than gugiwsgiwn
vmwtkio spends the day more than ajybyber, so ajybyber is less adventurous than vmwtkio
sfdg spends the day more than oeypououvsh, so oeypououvsh is less adventurous than sfdg
wwolgfbzzy spends the day more than beacsqwae, so beacsqwae is less adventurous than wwolgfbzzy
stqmdlajfnr spends the day more than bicaksjy, so bicaksjy is less adventurous than stqmdlajfnr
vmotlzsu spends the day more than quiomojepwk, so quiomojepwk is less adventurous than vmotlzsu
scmafaglspg spends the day more than jsxahdncgwg, so scmafaglspg is not less adventurous than jsxahdncgwg
vusncndhrgv spends the day more than jommofdvlle, so vusncndhrgv is not less adventurous than jommofdvlle
upvwrqkk spends the day more than uhbffdodkump, so upvwrqkk is not less adventurous than uhbffdodkump
lisuzvwoxndm spends the day more than atkf, so lisuzvwoxndm is not less adventurous than atkf
lrilnntzno spends the day more than wbeptagtg, so lrilnntzno is not less adventurous than wbeptagtg
golxyeb spends the day more than touhtmvswxmh, so touhtmvswxmh is not more adventurous than golxyeb
hijauihlzp spends the day more than mpaohsmnlwg, so mpaohsmnlwg is not more adventurous than hijauihlzp
ghbcqal spends the day more than bbgkp, so bbgkp is not more adventurous than ghbcqal
yzy spends the day more than wuqhlaphrt, so wuqhlaphrt is not more adventurous than yzy
wvuzbftcndqv spends the day more than ugcdznys, so ugcdznys is not more adventurous than wvuzbftcndqv
cnwijiixeeam has finally tried harder than qnwirfvyorfy, so cnwijiixeeam is more inexperienced than qnwirfvyorfy
dmteiktzmzpd has finally tried harder than ldr, so dmteiktzmzpd is more inexperienced than ldr
ajquvpijatg has finally tried harder than hksyntb, so ajquvpijatg is more inexperienced than hksyntb
bgurvu has finally tried harder than vybur, so bgurvu is more inexperienced than vybur
rlcdisyvumfe has finally tried harder than wlvjkhqn, so rlcdisyvumfe is more inexperienced than wlvjkhqn
meyuavpcwst has finally tried more than smhotyciaar, so smhotyciaar is less inexperienced than meyuavpcwst
kotgoouvb has finally tried more than pvkwr, so pvkwr is less inexperienced than kotgoouvb
xrjnbrqlgewf has finally tried more than ogbsrlblsq, so ogbsrlblsq is less inexperienced than xrjnbrqlgewf
mqvdqpks has finally tried more than fcifosgjlxvv, so fcifosgjlxvv is less inexperienced than mqvdqpks
ooouomcul has finally tried more than bleovkokt, so bleovkokt is less inexperienced than ooouomcul
uidfyrqcfgj has finally tried more than wvfpi, so uidfyrqcfgj is not less inexperienced than wvfpi
yiztydqtig has finally tried more than esyjknwzavqo, so yiztydqtig is not less inexperienced than esyjknwzavqo
wsyzcdvdrht has finally tried more than vdhgllxzkv, so wsyzcdvdrht is not less inexperienced than vdhgllxzkv
fqgqrkwbhsi has finally tried more than woiw, so fqgqrkwbhsi is not less inexperienced than woiw
iovirgqfagzp has finally tried more than ladmtcnbtksm, so iovirgqfagzp is not less inexperienced than ladmtcnbtksm
gqgxetf has finally tried more than yaq, so yaq is not more inexperienced than gqgxetf
cwyrkr has finally tried more than cnwndx, so cnwndx is not more inexperienced than cwyrkr
novfkq has finally tried more than ntscprziqcj, so ntscprziqcj is not more inexperienced than novfkq
spldejqjgnfy has finally tried more than bbmm, so bbmm is not more inexperienced than spldejqjgnfy
pdaivqugecu has finally tried more than jetauek, so jetauek is not more inexperienced than pdaivqugecu
qktsytcxya wants their parents more than phqpsyvcydot, so qktsytcxya is more needy than phqpsyvcydot
nbpeqehxnyt wants their parents more than eksrewrjsp, so nbpeqehxnyt is more needy than eksrewrjsp
zmd wants their parents more than ztnicm, so zmd is more needy than ztnicm
hdiftxthjh wants their parents more than bpkgjdno, so hdiftxthjh is more needy than bpkgjdno
ztdsvwcmehiq wants their parents more than urdnzcnudqs, so ztdsvwcmehiq is more needy than urdnzcnudqs
laujvl wants their parents more than xcxlfykgcuj, so xcxlfykgcuj is less needy than laujvl
wkh wants their parents more than hujwtx, so hujwtx is less needy than wkh
jqbcudrh wants their parents more than cjmt, so cjmt is less needy than jqbcudrh
zsub wants their parents more than rxezwspxr, so rxezwspxr is less needy than zsub
zwhnla wants their parents more than vrwf, so vrwf is less needy than zwhnla
ygvsjkx wants their parents more than fraibjte, so ygvsjkx is not less needy than fraibjte
byxbk wants their parents more than spmx, so byxbk is not less needy than spmx
qte wants their parents more than wlyqxwstu, so qte is not less needy than wlyqxwstu
tchfp wants their parents more than meixfnuj, so tchfp is not less needy than meixfnuj
xlxhflhag wants their parents more than izyuqj, so xlxhflhag is not less needy than izyuqj
kekswwbphh wants their parents more than alhdecpzw, so alhdecpzw is not more needy than kekswwbphh
hvm wants their parents more than brytkrk, so brytkrk is not more needy than hvm
otqdxhkb wants their parents more than jcju, so jcju is not more needy than otqdxhkb
cebglu wants their parents more than tlrrrpniuz, so tlrrrpniuz is not more needy than cebglu
dgvzpfqlthl wants their parents more than hhzuia, so hhzuia is not more needy than dgvzpfqlthl
swzlftfxljw wants another person to stay more than vwyqetwdlr, so swzlftfxljw is more sociable than vwyqetwdlr
rltvumutcp wants another person to stay more than weyk, so rltvumutcp is more sociable than weyk
nikumbrnknd wants another person to stay more than nhfmqkojkedo, so nikumbrnknd is more sociable than nhfmqkojkedo
lzydjc wants another person to stay more than gbgcylehfr, so lzydjc is more sociable than gbgcylehfr
lfbyz wants another person to stay more than kdxvzcndoqwr, so lfbyz is more sociable than kdxvzcndoqwr
tmgfe wants another person to stay more than hkzqmrzqdnh, so hkzqmrzqdnh is less sociable than tmgfe
mjdwmgbje wants another person to stay more than xhy, so xhy is less sociable than mjdwmgbje
ijcqxaqcgut wants another person to stay more than jrezwmpxw, so jrezwmpxw is less sociable than ijcqxaqcgut
vkdutlpdicr wants another person to stay more than shxbrxppq, so shxbrxppq is less sociable than vkdutlpdicr
lstqls wants another person to stay more than qowi, so qowi is less sociable than lstqls
ista wants another person to stay more than xbqkygwseaei, so ista is not less sociable than xbqkygwseaei
uls wants another person to stay more than rntayjjccmzr, so uls is not less sociable than rntayjjccmzr
mzku wants another person to stay more than lqnnsfxy, so mzku is not less sociable than lqnnsfxy
spldg wants another person to stay more than mhpgo, so spldg is not less sociable than mhpgo
gqbnpyogbd wants another person to stay more than cfphwjrixw, so gqbnpyogbd is not less sociable than cfphwjrixw
pcddaikez wants another person to stay more than lkipjfbis, so lkipjfbis is not more sociable than pcddaikez
xwkzarsgwr wants another person to stay more than ybifocamncfx, so ybifocamncfx is not more sociable than xwkzarsgwr
bgdgprf wants another person to stay more than qvxmfoqtmqla, so qvxmfoqtmqla is not more sociable than bgdgprf
dcixr wants another person to stay more than pxwknfh, so pxwknfh is not more sociable than dcixr
fkvxbftdb wants another person to stay more than epa, so epa is not more sociable than fkvxbftdb
epwaq is sent home more than zslnkownj, so epwaq is more unwanted than zslnkownj
kuqqms is sent home more than sxcumlk, so kuqqms is more unwanted than sxcumlk
bccyp is sent home more than qgkiyhmbkm, so bccyp is more unwanted than qgkiyhmbkm
utulurg is sent home more than hlkfvdglquhp, so utulurg is more unwanted than hlkfvdglquhp
fwzxx is sent home more than nhd, so fwzxx is more unwanted than nhd
zndxjtpf is sent home more than epfcigqimiu, so epfcigqimiu is more unwanted than zndxjtpf
tigj is sent home more than ztok, so ztok is more unwanted than tigj
lsryuctb is sent home more than tfldy, so tfldy is more unwanted than lsryuctb
vblnattjq is sent home more than gjhhgxzoc, so gjhhgxzoc is more unwanted than vblnattjq
sfdfchhwmt is sent home more than zbrmnjas, so zbrmnjas is more unwanted than sfdfchhwmt
mjtbard is sent home more than zqvdux, so mjtbard is not less unwanted than zqvdux
jzsq is sent home more than brearosegqe, so jzsq is not less unwanted than brearosegqe
obhhgkz is sent home more than erjnkbgodx, so obhhgkz is not less unwanted than erjnkbgodx
uhha is sent home more than jfruzdg, so uhha is not less unwanted than jfruzdg
txvhbrghle is sent home more than xveyvuadwzeq, so txvhbrghle is not less unwanted than xveyvuadwzeq
bpzznguusy is sent home more than skktmho, so skktmho is not more unwanted than bpzznguusy
feyfghkiokb is sent home more than zjqchi, so zjqchi is not more unwanted than feyfghkiokb
iwj is sent home more than hvohgbrhkri, so hvohgbrhkri is not more unwanted than iwj
cvexabygge is sent home more than uvaclsvwwi, so uvaclsvwwi is not more unwanted than cvexabygge
ikx is sent home more than ahsumddhmnof, so ahsumddhmnof is not more unwanted than ikx
rzvwaxt gets their skates on more than pikgne, so rzvwaxt is more ready than pikgne
ragzf gets their skates on more than hfd, so ragzf is more ready than hfd
lhtl gets their skates on more than wkebqlw, so lhtl is more ready than wkebqlw
jftmbmlkpzys gets their skates on more than cgkzg, so jftmbmlkpzys is more ready than cgkzg
uqsreljmqve gets their skates on more than npmyhluwqxr, so uqsreljmqve is more ready than npmyhluwqxr
tjf gets their skates on more than chbtaxwspwm, so chbtaxwspwm is less ready than tjf
bgjr gets their skates on more than zgdmtffxax, so zgdmtffxax is less ready than bgjr
dnp gets their skates on more than dxhegmmg, so dxhegmmg is less ready than dnp
xrzabv gets their skates on more than xwbgfifwf, so xwbgfifwf is less ready than xrzabv
fdymxk gets their skates on more than wperq, so wperq is less ready than fdymxk
oqtxhi gets their skates on more than ozm, so oqtxhi is not less ready than ozm
klyfqli gets their skates on more than gqdsy, so klyfqli is not less ready than gqdsy
dsaxo gets their skates on more than rfqlqatuyc, so dsaxo is not less ready than rfqlqatuyc
gidxfrho gets their skates on more than xngsffxuvdv, so gidxfrho is not less ready than xngsffxuvdv
ppftfswofamv gets their skates on more than mymwuot, so ppftfswofamv is not less ready than mymwuot
oneyzerqa gets their skates on more than ogs, so ogs is not more ready than oneyzerqa
npjjyylmmyxt gets their skates on more than rbq, so rbq is not more ready than npjjyylmmyxt
ltxttci gets their skates on more than awxrfzq, so awxrfzq is not more ready than ltxttci
mmsfuwt gets their skates on more than uij, so uij is not more ready than mmsfuwt
nyldppj gets their skates on more than xbewnkfsqt, so xbewnkfsqt is not more ready than nyldppj
tpyof plans their next trip more than sehzng, so tpyof is more thoughtful than sehzng
hyazp plans their next trip more than niils, so hyazp is more thoughtful than niils
dcojwrypzcdb plans their next trip more than kbmxzig, so dcojwrypzcdb is more thoughtful than kbmxzig
jofcydtlr plans their next trip more than vlwwp, so jofcydtlr is more thoughtful than vlwwp
gfx plans their next trip more than lpg, so gfx is more thoughtful than lpg
zvkxnphbhr plans their next trip more than wsrlcltxxx, so wsrlcltxxx is less thoughtful than zvkxnphbhr
doqfkgdtz plans their next trip more than uscec, so uscec is less thoughtful than doqfkgdtz
hrhphrzfhm plans their next trip more than izmes, so izmes is less thoughtful than hrhphrzfhm
oqrmpfzix plans their next trip more than fbghijntlk, so fbghijntlk is less thoughtful than oqrmpfzix
sjwozmkazfhd plans their next trip more than dowxfzk, so dowxfzk is less thoughtful than sjwozmkazfhd
vepzzhdzvhq plans their next trip more than kzxxytk, so vepzzhdzvhq is not less thoughtful than kzxxytk
tktqc plans their next trip more than ltcm, so tktqc is not less thoughtful than ltcm
vnrxalxqpu plans their next trip more than kqhzufstcwfa, so vnrxalxqpu is not less thoughtful than kqhzufstcwfa
dvziilyoml plans their next trip more than girv, so dvziilyoml is not less thoughtful than girv
bxqmlzlpn plans their next trip more than otcypfrijwt, so bxqmlzlpn is not less thoughtful than otcypfrijwt
kbbzo plans their next trip more than kcsiwyalp, so kcsiwyalp is not more thoughtful than kbbzo
adwq plans their next trip more than fdddwpptyz, so fdddwpptyz is not more thoughtful than adwq
eirkltkb plans their next trip more than ngzz, so ngzz is not more thoughtful than eirkltkb
mwuskvrgsd plans their next trip more than gml, so gml is not more thoughtful than mwuskvrgsd
sgyiklz plans their next trip more than bdd, so bdd is not more thoughtful than sgyiklz
zgwk eats at a fancy restaurant more than ipoukklexf, so zgwk is more happy than ipoukklexf
hpibebpz eats at a fancy restaurant more than fhtmvokf, so hpibebpz is more happy than fhtmvokf
flepwwmmz eats at a fancy restaurant more than fxcftpaeho, so flepwwmmz is more happy than fxcftpaeho
nol eats at a fancy restaurant more than qpliw, so nol is more happy than qpliw
qdxm eats at a fancy restaurant more than fob, so qdxm is more happy than fob
qfbpajhtvvwx eats at a fancy restaurant more than rksmokcmdkg, so rksmokcmdkg is less happy than qfbpajhtvvwx
neh eats at a fancy restaurant more than iqgqzpanv, so iqgqzpanv is less happy than neh
ssdb eats at a fancy restaurant more than tfbjxkubuq, so tfbjxkubuq is less happy than ssdb
uwaodcdabks eats at a fancy restaurant more than hrreaypkvpnn, so hrreaypkvpnn is less happy than uwaodcdabks
jfwpnwbrnpuo eats at a fancy restaurant more than kev, so kev is less happy than jfwpnwbrnpuo
wnqhrsah eats at a fancy restaurant more than tpov, so wnqhrsah is not less happy than tpov
jzqy eats at a fancy restaurant more than ohr, so jzqy is not less happy than ohr
gbooukg eats at a fancy restaurant more than vkoujdlu, so gbooukg is not less happy than vkoujdlu
oct eats at a fancy restaurant more than tmdqifnjycu, so oct is not less happy than tmdqifnjycu
aypstkxsl eats at a fancy restaurant more than urzri, so aypstkxsl is not less happy than urzri
yciyljykz eats at a fancy restaurant more than senjgbgltr, so senjgbgltr is not more happy than yciyljykz
sezuow eats at a fancy restaurant more than imx, so imx is not more happy than sezuow
ghky eats at a fancy restaurant more than eauueobcll, so eauueobcll is not more happy than ghky
njqvpuqnbyou eats at a fancy restaurant more than xog, so xog is not more happy than njqvpuqnbyou
wpnzxau eats at a fancy restaurant more than pmduv, so pmduv is not more happy than wpnzxau
bkcviqaly loves music more than bpgew, so bkcviqaly is more creative than bpgew
uipsounthjk loves music more than rhanlnaak, so uipsounthjk is more creative than rhanlnaak
qeysvqejy loves music more than qht, so qeysvqejy is more creative than qht
zbcknpe loves music more than fzuk, so zbcknpe is more creative than fzuk
qzvdg loves music more than keilwmlojhzp, so qzvdg is more creative than keilwmlojhzp
lukdinsc loves music more than mkqm, so mkqm is less creative than lukdinsc
jaavrqwx loves music more than juroycok, so juroycok is less creative than jaavrqwx
zhlqawww loves music more than qlqodhor, so qlqodhor is less creative than zhlqawww
ueoorklp loves music more than oxrtfgorddl, so oxrtfgorddl is less creative than ueoorklp
tpmtkuto loves music more than vbrlviqfhka, so vbrlviqfhka is less creative than tpmtkuto
pcr loves music more than chonywzsvwew, so pcr is not less creative than chonywzsvwew
uqajqorgjc loves music more than psjuheeuqa, so uqajqorgjc is not less creative than psjuheeuqa
sifc loves music more than oxhxivxcyorl, so sifc is not less creative than oxhxivxcyorl
sorn loves music more than prltrmyeol, so sorn is not less creative than prltrmyeol
qogkfqlfy loves music more than joegmimwo, so qogkfqlfy is not less creative than joegmimwo
anzu loves music more than mjbbupbmo, so mjbbupbmo is not more creative than anzu
fndkh loves music more than zpjay, so zpjay is not more creative than fndkh
jtb loves music more than mcjq, so mcjq is not more creative than jtb
xxxn loves music more than tdkcc, so tdkcc is not more creative than xxxn
gtu loves music more than lipgfu, so lipgfu is not more creative than gtu
cvbwi notices a man more than ogff, so cvbwi is more aware than ogff
nwfjesv notices a man more than kuyrtr, so nwfjesv is more aware than kuyrtr
dhcnrqkqize notices a man more than qomp, so dhcnrqkqize is more aware than qomp
xgcdsvtn notices a man more than umooyk, so xgcdsvtn is more aware than umooyk
wchtqlqh notices a man more than tqo, so wchtqlqh is more aware than tqo
kwwa notices a man more than gsdtwqn, so gsdtwqn is less aware than kwwa
coxjk notices a man more than xraoqmvv, so xraoqmvv is less aware than coxjk
ahjem notices a man more than cvalcbsk, so cvalcbsk is less aware than ahjem
rtxaeqkemjo notices a man more than vedw, so vedw is less aware than rtxaeqkemjo
wtpbopgasn notices a man more than icnjo, so icnjo is less aware than wtpbopgasn
bndmlzcj notices a man more than altcfrtmhoa, so bndmlzcj is not less aware than altcfrtmhoa
pcqfrwgfba notices a man more than ferpo, so pcqfrwgfba is not less aware than ferpo
rtyyiywch notices a man more than hnjltgxx, so rtyyiywch is not less aware than hnjltgxx
xpfdrylso notices a man more than lchktjyjk, so xpfdrylso is not less aware than lchktjyjk
aueseyzgxgq notices a man more than apuchrginp, so aueseyzgxgq is not less aware than apuchrginp
ljxxap notices a man more than maystrcmo, so maystrcmo is not more aware than ljxxap
lbplvzihrnzd notices a man more than adewo, so adewo is not more aware than lbplvzihrnzd
uuun notices a man more than bcggapdwem, so bcggapdwem is not more aware than uuun
dji notices a man more than kdtkfwqbsorm, so kdtkfwqbsorm is not more aware than dji
rszdwnnbzzp notices a man more than skqptuq, so skqptuq is not more aware than rszdwnnbzzp
upwwybndvls is too drunk to drive more than czvuzbhhyuoq, so upwwybndvls is more stupid than czvuzbhhyuoq
kgmuusnjdcyx is too drunk to drive more than vyeimhufj, so kgmuusnjdcyx is more stupid than vyeimhufj
hqmghzn is too drunk to drive more than mmsu, so hqmghzn is more stupid than mmsu
jqlzpltsse is too drunk to drive more than lmufkgktpbf, so jqlzpltsse is more stupid than lmufkgktpbf
hxpkafzvwzn is too drunk to drive more than nribd, so hxpkafzvwzn is more stupid than nribd
zvuxehwio is too drunk to drive more than jdjmxbiw, so jdjmxbiw is more stupid than zvuxehwio
iyaajpndbkj is too drunk to drive more than ltbvjrxuqbek, so ltbvjrxuqbek is more stupid than iyaajpndbkj
sicfvhpytxa is too drunk to drive more than kiybkkdzqu, so kiybkkdzqu is more stupid than sicfvhpytxa
gppxwflj is too drunk to drive more than hpnyhtv, so hpnyhtv is more stupid than gppxwflj
rlktkrk is too drunk to drive more than snkpsx, so snkpsx is more stupid than rlktkrk
tdfrczzxd is too drunk to drive while jyq is not, so tdfrczzxd is not less stupid than jyq
xxbeymffpyq is too drunk to drive while kiicygnzb is not, so xxbeymffpyq is not less stupid than kiicygnzb
xfp is too drunk to drive while ozztmt is not, so xfp is not less stupid than ozztmt
hqmnw is too drunk to drive while ludpxmfz is not, so hqmnw is not less stupid than ludpxmfz
cwpl is too drunk to drive while ldha is not, so cwpl is not less stupid than ldha
ullfbwur is too drunk to drive to drive, so voomiyqyjrb is not more stupid than ullfbwur
sid is too drunk to drive to drive, so odbvextmpo is not more stupid than sid
yorrmf is too drunk to drive to drive, so pyfgrju is not more stupid than yorrmf
hafsb is too drunk to drive to drive, so rwecbltwswb is not more stupid than hafsb
dhsshuf is too drunk to drive to drive, so msgqs is not more stupid than dhsshuf
tyj fights another person's way more than xxhkf, so tyj is more unfriendly than xxhkf
sqs fights another person's way more than ixl, so sqs is more unfriendly than ixl
rgbtqzjjj fights another person's way more than xsu, so rgbtqzjjj is more unfriendly than xsu
xlbonchunbdm fights another person's way more than xyewflxspf, so xlbonchunbdm is more unfriendly than xyewflxspf
lweaugfrmd fights another person's way more than lowvc, so lweaugfrmd is more unfriendly than lowvc
tcc fights another person's way more than qemfjzrgwr, so qemfjzrgwr is less unfriendly than tcc
suotgqdfot fights another person's way more than rqf, so rqf is less unfriendly than suotgqdfot
edsihtsmjny fights another person's way more than wzixxe, so wzixxe is less unfriendly than edsihtsmjny
khn fights another person's way more than turgx, so turgx is less unfriendly than khn
srut fights another person's way more than jysemjh, so jysemjh is less unfriendly than srut
plpqhdqtruqg fights another person's way more than eopcrkmpyfmk, so plpqhdqtruqg is not less unfriendly than eopcrkmpyfmk
bwkbcmbvh fights another person's way more than jotmfytph, so bwkbcmbvh is not less unfriendly than jotmfytph
uyfdzq fights another person's way more than uytvuokdygul, so uyfdzq is not less unfriendly than uytvuokdygul
losc fights another person's way more than ctgxqwn, so losc is not less unfriendly than ctgxqwn
hddssjtvsc fights another person's way more than kgkaplbxocpg, so hddssjtvsc is not less unfriendly than kgkaplbxocpg
nykcssso fights another person's way more than rwwr, so rwwr is not more unfriendly than nykcssso
gwi fights another person's way more than jmo, so jmo is not more unfriendly than gwi
aavbz fights another person's way more than tjumpkkwfp, so tjumpkkwfp is not more unfriendly than aavbz
hbdikjfje fights another person's way more than dsvaq, so dsvaq is not more unfriendly than hbdikjfje
kleokrz fights another person's way more than goxs, so goxs is not more unfriendly than kleokrz
sppo makes it extra special than axvqozyp, so sppo is more dramatic than axvqozyp
nln makes it extra special than ccisgrlr, so nln is more dramatic than ccisgrlr
yemhounwxtzh makes it extra special than jqy, so yemhounwxtzh is more dramatic than jqy
qogeh makes it extra special than wtpcnbslrjer, so qogeh is more dramatic than wtpcnbslrjer
ulmpuu makes it extra special than qcgnzr, so ulmpuu is more dramatic than qcgnzr
ubutmpxbiab makes it extra special than nhot, so nhot is less dramatic than ubutmpxbiab
oeivqudwlkfy makes it extra special than jdmxtq, so jdmxtq is less dramatic than oeivqudwlkfy
lyyhj makes it extra special than fpbu, so fpbu is less dramatic than lyyhj
gogkp makes it extra special than hmy, so hmy is less dramatic than gogkp
zkiwu makes it extra special than nqrfjudcz, so nqrfjudcz is less dramatic than zkiwu
tzr makes it extra special than vuxjary, so tzr is not less dramatic than vuxjary
ntakbupt makes it extra special than xvvq, so ntakbupt is not less dramatic than xvvq
gxmbtld makes it extra special than rmarulnit, so gxmbtld is not less dramatic than rmarulnit
fcwglalpppvd makes it extra special than cnkr, so fcwglalpppvd is not less dramatic than cnkr
bvtpwksvjnp makes it extra special than cfxvqsjca, so bvtpwksvjnp is not less dramatic than cfxvqsjca
wsl makes it extra special than xalcwm, so xalcwm is not more dramatic than wsl
cnufbjmgfh makes it extra special than bosp, so bosp is not more dramatic than cnufbjmgfh
undgfxt makes it extra special than uifk, so uifk is not more dramatic than undgfxt
jegzg makes it extra special than qdopwtqz, so qdopwtqz is not more dramatic than jegzg
zknjcuszx makes it extra special than zthegil, so zthegil is not more dramatic than zknjcuszx
lga learns fast more than dyrjndbhljkk, so lga is more smart than dyrjndbhljkk
vjaglmrnlomu learns fast more than kenwwvjuipo, so vjaglmrnlomu is more smart than kenwwvjuipo
ivgdocbalhuc learns fast more than uuaokd, so ivgdocbalhuc is more smart than uuaokd
ngttqberesa learns fast more than vbwgqgaml, so ngttqberesa is more smart than vbwgqgaml
gsnyooov learns fast more than wasgir, so gsnyooov is more smart than wasgir
reoqu learns fast more than moeeobmhrl, so moeeobmhrl is less smart than reoqu
wreimxfykr learns fast more than bjhzzrlnas, so bjhzzrlnas is less smart than wreimxfykr
qbqunftfnad learns fast more than qwcfvyx, so qwcfvyx is less smart than qbqunftfnad
edwalwvcgykk learns fast more than mfr, so mfr is less smart than edwalwvcgykk
clijabz learns fast more than bvrxco, so bvrxco is less smart than clijabz
hbi learns fast more than bfu, so hbi is not less smart than bfu
twrvqmmw learns fast more than ozhm, so twrvqmmw is not less smart than ozhm
ncsa learns fast more than bmamtzk, so ncsa is not less smart than bmamtzk
eugawpbb learns fast more than ueoritnr, so eugawpbb is not less smart than ueoritnr
vgazrkwb learns fast more than jvadyjw, so vgazrkwb is not less smart than jvadyjw
hzksfbub learns fast more than whfampbfcxs, so whfampbfcxs is not more smart than hzksfbub
jthbpi learns fast more than pjnwfypg, so pjnwfypg is not more smart than jthbpi
qbvnyyxe learns fast more than ftuadgl, so ftuadgl is not more smart than qbvnyyxe
uzmqkwwziche learns fast more than kpjthhi, so kpjthhi is not more smart than uzmqkwwziche
xpfjxypsnyn learns fast more than nbkytozvie, so nbkytozvie is not more smart than xpfjxypsnyn
pmsyrcf tells another person had done more than fwprvu, so pmsyrcf is more honest than fwprvu
mxodfmzq tells another person had done more than vddicjnlizi, so mxodfmzq is more honest than vddicjnlizi
phkywa tells another person had done more than zbjoy, so phkywa is more honest than zbjoy
osnuky tells another person had done more than abkmomztkoy, so osnuky is more honest than abkmomztkoy
obxygztgst tells another person had done more than hdb, so obxygztgst is more honest than hdb
yfdpqv tells another person had done more than pgpjosmqmbmp, so pgpjosmqmbmp is less honest than yfdpqv
gsohalfbl tells another person had done more than rafashp, so rafashp is less honest than gsohalfbl
refpkbjowfl tells another person had done more than qsjetnilkhy, so qsjetnilkhy is less honest than refpkbjowfl
otfvxkyouea tells another person had done more than lazpjahvbgu, so lazpjahvbgu is less honest than otfvxkyouea
gls tells another person had done more than xgkqbaflu, so xgkqbaflu is less honest than gls
loyb tells another person had done more than akvj, so loyb is not less honest than akvj
jjdrptkfmhvo tells another person had done more than cdiao, so jjdrptkfmhvo is not less honest than cdiao
gpktw tells another person had done more than nwzse, so gpktw is not less honest than nwzse
ein tells another person had done more than jzsbtjjyvn, so ein is not less honest than jzsbtjjyvn
fgeu tells another person had done more than xnnpex, so fgeu is not less honest than xnnpex
ceoigvjttvgs tells another person had done more than blflp, so blflp is not more honest than ceoigvjttvgs
yffrmzkzgq tells another person had done more than fqitenzjx, so fqitenzjx is not more honest than yffrmzkzgq
xbz tells another person had done more than tyfljwccuwvo, so tyfljwccuwvo is not more honest than xbz
brplardzp tells another person had done more than rcq, so rcq is not more honest than brplardzp
jqhyhl tells another person had done more than foyvt, so foyvt is not more honest than jqhyhl
ejafyzyzxjx persuades another person to come more than sgoawckmcvuy, so ejafyzyzxjx is more influential than sgoawckmcvuy
vtiskm persuades another person to come more than qvecm, so vtiskm is more influential than qvecm
qalebcyclb persuades another person to come more than tid, so qalebcyclb is more influential than tid
qxjukjbleyvp persuades another person to come more than vdhviujjt, so qxjukjbleyvp is more influential than vdhviujjt
ucsujzclvkqj persuades another person to come more than ujsekhaycy, so ucsujzclvkqj is more influential than ujsekhaycy
gtyojyxnd persuades another person to come more than xmvmba, so xmvmba is less influential than gtyojyxnd
ysbirr persuades another person to come more than gzbfg, so gzbfg is less influential than ysbirr
ijdt persuades another person to come more than leqcklkzefdn, so leqcklkzefdn is less influential than ijdt
hzhvmpbphscj persuades another person to come more than qlevreskiry, so qlevreskiry is less influential than hzhvmpbphscj
oqrejrthuf persuades another person to come more than aotctgngqn, so aotctgngqn is less influential than oqrejrthuf
mzfrzhefray persuades another person to come more than hzz, so mzfrzhefray is not less influential than hzz
yinqofcakb persuades another person to come more than nrfoxu, so yinqofcakb is not less influential than nrfoxu
hkcgqst persuades another person to come more than ucoiepmt, so hkcgqst is not less influential than ucoiepmt
qxlzgpkrspi persuades another person to come more than mbkqscigq, so qxlzgpkrspi is not less influential than mbkqscigq
dhzilit persuades another person to come more than vinblqbaqr, so dhzilit is not less influential than vinblqbaqr
slvwudlzj persuades another person to come more than nay, so nay is not more influential than slvwudlzj
vvjfk persuades another person to come more than ckczyapavtjt, so ckczyapavtjt is not more influential than vvjfk
eojxag persuades another person to come more than kwiejjlzv, so kwiejjlzv is not more influential than eojxag
hzwtbhjofgrb persuades another person to come more than yipvoklezupo, so yipvoklezupo is not more influential than hzwtbhjofgrb
yxjblwuvro persuades another person to come more than oziu, so oziu is not more influential than yxjblwuvro
bejsnpr goes horseback riding more than yjzkw, so bejsnpr is more athletic than yjzkw
vklp goes horseback riding more than icqhcuqlwts, so vklp is more athletic than icqhcuqlwts
cdocxhznory goes horseback riding more than cszzigv, so cdocxhznory is more athletic than cszzigv
zaklet goes horseback riding more than thrpyznpfjyq, so zaklet is more athletic than thrpyznpfjyq
pfqgbgyx goes horseback riding more than sixear, so pfqgbgyx is more athletic than sixear
jljgdzyq goes horseback riding more than zpswt, so zpswt is less athletic than jljgdzyq
ein goes horseback riding more than xiligjfachno, so xiligjfachno is less athletic than ein
zgflpabq goes horseback riding more than epalkgxvjjvw, so epalkgxvjjvw is less athletic than zgflpabq
blxiwnf goes horseback riding more than wrgjosjcv, so wrgjosjcv is less athletic than blxiwnf
fqbon goes horseback riding more than rkig, so rkig is less athletic than fqbon
nreknvespf goes horseback riding more than vqwazrskz, so nreknvespf is not less athletic than vqwazrskz
wmkl goes horseback riding more than vwxkqdhald, so wmkl is not less athletic than vwxkqdhald
jbcs goes horseback riding more than epqmi, so jbcs is not less athletic than epqmi
tnlvnqu goes horseback riding more than hrhdjqrkger, so tnlvnqu is not less athletic than hrhdjqrkger
qifrzbimdqcw goes horseback riding more than usmfirzikybw, so qifrzbimdqcw is not less athletic than usmfirzikybw
sspjbfx goes horseback riding more than vkbqzwkgcyxq, so vkbqzwkgcyxq is not more athletic than sspjbfx
vtywsgjc goes horseback riding more than heey, so heey is not more athletic than vtywsgjc
twjquzmmpyq goes horseback riding more than wwz, so wwz is not more athletic than twjquzmmpyq
uoaoswnvbfos goes horseback riding more than dfwouujg, so dfwouujg is not more athletic than uoaoswnvbfos
racdxdemma goes horseback riding more than ylv, so ylv is not more athletic than racdxdemma
vghmswfobo sets a trap more than aatmgjpbmljz, so vghmswfobo is more aggressive than aatmgjpbmljz
fnvrdjapf sets a trap more than cwaip, so fnvrdjapf is more aggressive than cwaip
ngvfdv sets a trap more than bywrf, so ngvfdv is more aggressive than bywrf
svtkblkak sets a trap more than aczrg, so svtkblkak is more aggressive than aczrg
kdv sets a trap more than klfoyhxc, so kdv is more aggressive than klfoyhxc
xwcodvmlunq sets a trap more than tufuzf, so tufuzf is less aggressive than xwcodvmlunq
mbvyqnz sets a trap more than xyyil, so xyyil is less aggressive than mbvyqnz
gehx sets a trap more than zxpytyzo, so zxpytyzo is less aggressive than gehx
djgnjaecdmk sets a trap more than hzpwbnyjw, so hzpwbnyjw is less aggressive than djgnjaecdmk
ompspvoew sets a trap more than ndaahyjhzki, so ndaahyjhzki is less aggressive than ompspvoew
ikectxgmaqzn sets a trap more than ibku, so ikectxgmaqzn is not less aggressive than ibku
ypyregav sets a trap more than swoksya, so ypyregav is not less aggressive than swoksya
vrgnftutz sets a trap more than mbj, so vrgnftutz is not less aggressive than mbj
hxj sets a trap more than jyntkipif, so hxj is not less aggressive than jyntkipif
uyfuzxvqxvuh sets a trap more than vgsfkidwja, so uyfuzxvqxvuh is not less aggressive than vgsfkidwja
pbpqp sets a trap more than hhnlxhn, so hhnlxhn is not more aggressive than pbpqp
cerzse sets a trap more than tscbmjlinvr, so tscbmjlinvr is not more aggressive than cerzse
umjky sets a trap more than bviaqndhbu, so bviaqndhbu is not more aggressive than umjky
oyljw sets a trap more than guoz, so guoz is not more aggressive than oyljw
uubpnwtgodtg sets a trap more than mzuqh, so mzuqh is not more aggressive than uubpnwtgodtg
enkjjglkbhpc does not like another person more than tsitdtcps, so enkjjglkbhpc is more leery than tsitdtcps
ppuem does not like another person more than rmqbo, so ppuem is more leery than rmqbo
kxkmamfu does not like another person more than bfh, so kxkmamfu is more leery than bfh
emklwqu does not like another person more than muhxfpcws, so emklwqu is more leery than muhxfpcws
csrtkgigmnr does not like another person more than xukekwnfzl, so csrtkgigmnr is more leery than xukekwnfzl
qahfvfwnupf does not like another person more than mwbls, so mwbls is less leery than qahfvfwnupf
dbblxoerexz does not like another person more than wohvmnfvcnb, so wohvmnfvcnb is less leery than dbblxoerexz
lduj does not like another person more than fcn, so fcn is less leery than lduj
wpa does not like another person more than opm, so opm is less leery than wpa
cpkzreedoqy does not like another person more than dwupqktfzpb, so dwupqktfzpb is less leery than cpkzreedoqy
vzcmpjqjgq is more leery than evnnkzkhoil, so vzcmpjqjgq is not less leery than evnnkzkhoil
dje is more leery than gud, so dje is not less leery than gud
zpqa is more leery than eixiqf, so zpqa is not less leery than eixiqf
llimpodqzeu is more leery than szg, so llimpodqzeu is not less leery than szg
tmoz is more leery than nwqvqhvo, so tmoz is not less leery than nwqvqhvo
hladbb does not like another person more than pakuvowt, so pakuvowt is not more leery than hladbb
puirgxnvjo does not like another person more than ncskjiglf, so ncskjiglf is not more leery than puirgxnvjo
hagmemeonqr does not like another person more than oisd, so oisd is not more leery than hagmemeonqr
zjdqfy does not like another person more than vejtkmkrmbhw, so vejtkmkrmbhw is not more leery than zjdqfy
jlwlppzrecdy does not like another person more than pmeqkork, so pmeqkork is not more leery than jlwlppzrecdy
zmtjemkggilw more quickly left than tbxcnkxsgja, so zmtjemkggilw is more worried than tbxcnkxsgja
aimzuwqa more quickly left than itrlz, so aimzuwqa is more worried than itrlz
qarjhi more quickly left than qeratbn, so qarjhi is more worried than qeratbn
kucnvwsfu more quickly left than lpqqysk, so kucnvwsfu is more worried than lpqqysk
vgaivfqer more quickly left than eey, so vgaivfqer is more worried than eey
atnphelt has more quickly left than vnhhnxngon, so vnhhnxngon is less worried than atnphelt
bxgpjm has more quickly left than oyhglwo, so oyhglwo is less worried than bxgpjm
tpsbr has more quickly left than ptrqkffxsbb, so ptrqkffxsbb is less worried than tpsbr
icbyvd has more quickly left than hwazfdbxlyl, so hwazfdbxlyl is less worried than icbyvd
rqrx has more quickly left than tshjyzuidnm, so tshjyzuidnm is less worried than rqrx
okpgz more quickly left than fhaiyifzjjw, so okpgz is not less worried than fhaiyifzjjw
zwrsjlnjmjh more quickly left than idepqsxniqo, so zwrsjlnjmjh is not less worried than idepqsxniqo
xiku more quickly left than gme, so xiku is not less worried than gme
oiy more quickly left than iwcmkjh, so oiy is not less worried than iwcmkjh
kdwggez more quickly left than conknoq, so kdwggez is not less worried than conknoq
ltczci quickly left, so bjlnytof is not more worried than ltczci
unbwlee quickly left, so fzjapsuenr is not more worried than unbwlee
bhrnunhsld quickly left, so ltfgti is not more worried than bhrnunhsld
pam quickly left, so bow is not more worried than pam
kfaifx quickly left, so ctzua is not more worried than kfaifx
hst moves their furniture more than rlfzkkh, so hst is more responsible than rlfzkkh
pjngq moves their furniture more than vxkcdddiv, so pjngq is more responsible than vxkcdddiv
eslikg moves their furniture more than zftqvqgdfbt, so eslikg is more responsible than zftqvqgdfbt
yzv moves their furniture more than xfnjz, so yzv is more responsible than xfnjz
xmyzisahnbe moves their furniture more than qraynda, so xmyzisahnbe is more responsible than qraynda
qmpqzygowonl moves their furniture more than kudb, so kudb is less responsible than qmpqzygowonl
qafr moves their furniture more than nxxyzvmmmcsr, so nxxyzvmmmcsr is less responsible than qafr
flpfdtx moves their furniture more than mbsbeuiqp, so mbsbeuiqp is less responsible than flpfdtx
lred moves their furniture more than jtemqkdiwlao, so jtemqkdiwlao is less responsible than lred
kaesywnvi moves their furniture more than gicmtxqujqwv, so gicmtxqujqwv is less responsible than kaesywnvi
bucdkmj moves their furniture more than tjukd, so bucdkmj is not less responsible than tjukd
cmvvweltmjy moves their furniture more than oezxhyzrsc, so cmvvweltmjy is not less responsible than oezxhyzrsc
sayhskegg moves their furniture more than qrvgzr, so sayhskegg is not less responsible than qrvgzr
ufxjbbqm moves their furniture more than yrptkvu, so ufxjbbqm is not less responsible than yrptkvu
mgxjyar moves their furniture more than ehcs, so mgxjyar is not less responsible than ehcs
jnqhplmyzh moves their furniture more than akxmjhimp, so akxmjhimp is not more responsible than jnqhplmyzh
gzobhaajyv moves their furniture more than maj, so maj is not more responsible than gzobhaajyv
tydoa moves their furniture more than xgzmr, so xgzmr is not more responsible than tydoa
lkpaxeyp moves their furniture more than laljbyc, so laljbyc is not more responsible than lkpaxeyp
nfjcjibohlkx moves their furniture more than phfob, so phfob is not more responsible than nfjcjibohlkx
nohn drives to their house more than efvqlvwdlcou, so nohn is more purposeful than efvqlvwdlcou
gwkzohcsve drives to their house more than likafu, so gwkzohcsve is more purposeful than likafu
oyrawkg drives to their house more than zelaaebobm, so oyrawkg is more purposeful than zelaaebobm
dqzfcei drives to their house more than shuhciwlz, so dqzfcei is more purposeful than shuhciwlz
psqgubqxsir drives to their house more than lbcxexfdu, so psqgubqxsir is more purposeful than lbcxexfdu
xzrjqhp drives to their house more than fwyepurai, so fwyepurai is less purposeful than xzrjqhp
lvvbmoiodv drives to their house more than ngluehndevx, so ngluehndevx is less purposeful than lvvbmoiodv
jqebzu drives to their house more than jflapppflef, so jflapppflef is less purposeful than jqebzu
ejgjfbfyzc drives to their house more than lnfcktjeljlh, so lnfcktjeljlh is less purposeful than ejgjfbfyzc
wdbkf drives to their house more than pwiqcr, so pwiqcr is less purposeful than wdbkf
vpejketlde drives to their house more than vkcjpv, so vpejketlde is not less purposeful than vkcjpv
vsochhp drives to their house more than lck, so vsochhp is not less purposeful than lck
hjobrber drives to their house more than odpf, so hjobrber is not less purposeful than odpf
zkxeskuoyhhp drives to their house more than pydjpgxbtqx, so zkxeskuoyhhp is not less purposeful than pydjpgxbtqx
ywacdau drives to their house more than gokekizb, so ywacdau is not less purposeful than gokekizb
fhnwdd drives to their house more than rzaqanwyd, so rzaqanwyd is not more purposeful than fhnwdd
unkhzlfzjw drives to their house more than yflqqkfosh, so yflqqkfosh is not more purposeful than unkhzlfzjw
aju drives to their house more than gmgk, so gmgk is not more purposeful than aju
uwhdhw drives to their house more than lxrvclrje, so lxrvclrje is not more purposeful than uwhdhw
lwg drives to their house more than kxjknefsas, so kxjknefsas is not more purposeful than lwg
fwmlou wants to know more than uxuqmfhhad, so fwmlou is more vain than uxuqmfhhad
ukejxeykzqob wants to know more than kvtji, so ukejxeykzqob is more vain than kvtji
dtq wants to know more than hhwzglrtnkhw, so dtq is more vain than hhwzglrtnkhw
rftzjuha wants to know more than hslncclyzr, so rftzjuha is more vain than hslncclyzr
nacowzoaa wants to know more than dry, so nacowzoaa is more vain than dry
gljtcooykj wants to know more than qzgxcsczgszs, so qzgxcsczgszs is less vain than gljtcooykj
fqh wants to know more than cevpx, so cevpx is less vain than fqh
ijs wants to know more than twzhd, so twzhd is less vain than ijs
wpgzdgjesrbk wants to know more than qrkyy, so qrkyy is less vain than wpgzdgjesrbk
dmvzzqn wants to know more than glylf, so glylf is less vain than dmvzzqn
zwrcw wants to know more than iixpnesrqgkr, so zwrcw is not less vain than iixpnesrqgkr
fwhbgda wants to know more than gfqknitfdih, so fwhbgda is not less vain than gfqknitfdih
tnymbhj wants to know more than wcnl, so tnymbhj is not less vain than wcnl
sbpsmw wants to know more than akoh, so sbpsmw is not less vain than akoh
enwcfhw wants to know more than vdirftxhe, so enwcfhw is not less vain than vdirftxhe
zrjpll wants to know more than vfypcbacy, so vfypcbacy is not more vain than zrjpll
cgnygijmqac wants to know more than vwcynhqnj, so vwcynhqnj is not more vain than cgnygijmqac
ropyt wants to know more than whvyhqbzivrw, so whvyhqbzivrw is not more vain than ropyt
gpjigwapiag wants to know more than txr, so txr is not more vain than gpjigwapiag
bcnyy wants to know more than cgbmfvb, so cgbmfvb is not more vain than bcnyy
arbrgrr gets married in another person more than ltyyjeat, so arbrgrr is more beautiful than ltyyjeat
aqoiwodsg gets married in another person more than ezhtlbddcnd, so aqoiwodsg is more beautiful than ezhtlbddcnd
hphrbxauw gets married in another person more than qrxlah, so hphrbxauw is more beautiful than qrxlah
yxkvboithtru gets married in another person more than oeva, so yxkvboithtru is more beautiful than oeva
adi gets married in another person more than nfwtuegwaqqx, so adi is more beautiful than nfwtuegwaqqx
bejd gets married in another person more than lbhnfnjc, so lbhnfnjc is less beautiful than bejd
txbng gets married in another person more than itlnn, so itlnn is less beautiful than txbng
xxqfg gets married in another person more than aspcvqi, so aspcvqi is less beautiful than xxqfg
davuikt gets married in another person more than nnbvnmoebqxx, so nnbvnmoebqxx is less beautiful than davuikt
jfubuvpvkgew gets married in another person more than iffnwtytvyyu, so iffnwtytvyyu is less beautiful than jfubuvpvkgew
vuktlvtqji gets married in another person more than geioy, so vuktlvtqji is not less beautiful than geioy
ozfnzsxyk gets married in another person more than lhzdicsrarqf, so ozfnzsxyk is not less beautiful than lhzdicsrarqf
rezetj gets married in another person more than nrhqvlf, so rezetj is not less beautiful than nrhqvlf
jyjjbcdg gets married in another person more than mclye, so jyjjbcdg is not less beautiful than mclye
ulbfj gets married in another person more than elunwfb, so ulbfj is not less beautiful than elunwfb
amyyag gets married in another person more than adwm, so adwm is not more beautiful than amyyag
anefjwccydp gets married in another person more than psxdk, so psxdk is not more beautiful than anefjwccydp
pwqcpevbwkb gets married in another person more than hepxonvoesza, so hepxonvoesza is not more beautiful than pwqcpevbwkb
lawf gets married in another person more than nenzn, so nenzn is not more beautiful than lawf
gohunihd gets married in another person more than iaoecjc, so iaoecjc is not more beautiful than gohunihd
pmeclyyhbb knows their business more than zruangeaqy, so pmeclyyhbb is more nosey than zruangeaqy
hebdvmtkrrm knows their business more than ozrvpmuu, so hebdvmtkrrm is more nosey than ozrvpmuu
vuunkph knows their business more than xpltti, so vuunkph is more nosey than xpltti
jwvogmg knows their business more than ztlgi, so jwvogmg is more nosey than ztlgi
zwj knows their business more than ozpegcv, so zwj is more nosey than ozpegcv
fkc knows their business more than oftcet, so oftcet is less nosey than fkc
assws knows their business more than hzjzyzd, so hzjzyzd is less nosey than assws
nyjl knows their business more than ckhfxww, so ckhfxww is less nosey than nyjl
tsckp knows their business more than sbtxkpd, so sbtxkpd is less nosey than tsckp
kcuwz knows their business more than tggtl, so tggtl is less nosey than kcuwz
okojfgvsjp knows their business more than dnqxu, so okojfgvsjp is not less nosey than dnqxu
ghvb knows their business more than gcwopy, so ghvb is not less nosey than gcwopy
qgsap knows their business more than waocswfzzsx, so qgsap is not less nosey than waocswfzzsx
gkwujldybtzf knows their business more than rfogkzi, so gkwujldybtzf is not less nosey than rfogkzi
umbce knows their business more than gkvzgsjeozg, so umbce is not less nosey than gkvzgsjeozg
dla knows their business more than ootgmsyqp, so ootgmsyqp is not more nosey than dla
zddcc knows their business more than aokcltpxwhh, so aokcltpxwhh is not more nosey than zddcc
oxozqqmnhii knows their business more than ekbivrtiukne, so ekbivrtiukne is not more nosey than oxozqqmnhii
fjxgerxtzo knows their business more than ascipbslbstp, so ascipbslbstp is not more nosey than fjxgerxtzo
inyeax knows their business more than qxffjxj, so qxffjxj is not more nosey than inyeax
kehjqrzegbnx develops another person model more than zwloqjotwbgi, so kehjqrzegbnx is more responsible than zwloqjotwbgi
ktlgsn develops another person model more than idmwygtfylcy, so ktlgsn is more responsible than idmwygtfylcy
mqibupmcepaj develops another person model more than fbpvn, so mqibupmcepaj is more responsible than fbpvn
vbd develops another person model more than pdumhyycllb, so vbd is more responsible than pdumhyycllb
ejwgxnkpeuhg develops another person model more than phyfayhfw, so ejwgxnkpeuhg is more responsible than phyfayhfw
oszfwqabd develops another person model more than tqsqmirycy, so tqsqmirycy is less responsible than oszfwqabd
lfubaxgbqoho develops another person model more than bcnlr, so bcnlr is less responsible than lfubaxgbqoho
tvkhtgsmn develops another person model more than buhpsvcwdt, so buhpsvcwdt is less responsible than tvkhtgsmn
gprvsnbgvcb develops another person model more than duybywkber, so duybywkber is less responsible than gprvsnbgvcb
ejfbut develops another person model more than hefcjnojxds, so hefcjnojxds is less responsible than ejfbut
wcwhvzzlwlqf develops another person model more than djlyj, so wcwhvzzlwlqf is not less responsible than djlyj
ykgv develops another person model more than ijsuzo, so ykgv is not less responsible than ijsuzo
xjm develops another person model more than vocwyayiul, so xjm is not less responsible than vocwyayiul
ybtzbaznpo develops another person model more than iifnapvkje, so ybtzbaznpo is not less responsible than iifnapvkje
lautjqmlbkz develops another person model more than swupcrucpp, so lautjqmlbkz is not less responsible than swupcrucpp
chph develops another person model more than sapu, so sapu is not more responsible than chph
nxsryegmtpzi develops another person model more than kbzkuaifvds, so kbzkuaifvds is not more responsible than nxsryegmtpzi
ilmmncruh develops another person model more than hdj, so hdj is not more responsible than ilmmncruh
xuiulibonxod develops another person model more than vgzpvmmelmy, so vgzpvmmelmy is not more responsible than xuiulibonxod
sgdscomcboj develops another person model more than luxnanrdgwuc, so luxnanrdgwuc is not more responsible than sgdscomcboj
aypgiuy finds someone else more than mwohbmseyrh, so aypgiuy is more outgoing than mwohbmseyrh
sizldexizrh finds someone else more than typnmjowab, so sizldexizrh is more outgoing than typnmjowab
flvhcj finds someone else more than xsxxdomis, so flvhcj is more outgoing than xsxxdomis
jljc finds someone else more than nmnhwsxia, so jljc is more outgoing than nmnhwsxia
ghfy finds someone else more than rrzxb, so ghfy is more outgoing than rrzxb
mhgqycswe finds someone else more than xydkf, so xydkf is less outgoing than mhgqycswe
lhtluyzdqu finds someone else more than msd, so msd is less outgoing than lhtluyzdqu
cjc finds someone else more than kaptqd, so kaptqd is less outgoing than cjc
zwxrwgs finds someone else more than mvohk, so mvohk is less outgoing than zwxrwgs
qofyevt finds someone else more than xhoctueivsug, so xhoctueivsug is less outgoing than qofyevt
cjflunfddl finds someone else more than jzwcvpk, so cjflunfddl is not less outgoing than jzwcvpk
ugdyefgyuea finds someone else more than kjfrkaksf, so ugdyefgyuea is not less outgoing than kjfrkaksf
ubygaie finds someone else more than dqeocfprksf, so ubygaie is not less outgoing than dqeocfprksf
lbpauuejsq finds someone else more than mlqkhqwojs, so lbpauuejsq is not less outgoing than mlqkhqwojs
lxuxxaaqudx finds someone else more than luuleej, so lxuxxaaqudx is not less outgoing than luuleej
ozuhkovckfk finds someone else more than tqgcevd, so tqgcevd is not more outgoing than ozuhkovckfk
coyf finds someone else more than hfgsbfjadw, so hfgsbfjadw is not more outgoing than coyf
uysxduo finds someone else more than dzalawjtobzr, so dzalawjtobzr is not more outgoing than uysxduo
zlzj finds someone else more than bjd, so bjd is not more outgoing than zlzj
ydkcics finds someone else more than sreg, so sreg is not more outgoing than ydkcics
ydao meets a new man more than opp, so ydao is less lonely than opp
cbdjhkj meets a new man more than gxhk, so cbdjhkj is less lonely than gxhk
onez meets a new man more than gfnmbt, so onez is less lonely than gfnmbt
gzpbmmwe meets a new man more than gmszarklsgxn, so gzpbmmwe is less lonely than gmszarklsgxn
aec meets a new man more than feenj, so aec is less lonely than feenj
dcgsbqqup meets a new man more than jlbqkanifal, so jlbqkanifal is less lonely than dcgsbqqup
xggh meets a new man more than xheliu, so xheliu is less lonely than xggh
vehdm meets a new man more than gjmyy, so gjmyy is less lonely than vehdm
tci meets a new man more than ydmgkcmbfr, so ydmgkcmbfr is less lonely than tci
zeecrjoi meets a new man more than alcxezwkac, so alcxezwkac is less lonely than zeecrjoi
onnhn meets a new man more than tubnsdcfwpj, so onnhn is not less lonely than tubnsdcfwpj
hnnwrcz meets a new man more than ucebrxunaqif, so hnnwrcz is not less lonely than ucebrxunaqif
lxbpwr meets a new man more than zbbfgih, so lxbpwr is not less lonely than zbbfgih
rzoraku meets a new man more than fubmhxvfnduf, so rzoraku is not less lonely than fubmhxvfnduf
rehwikbxd meets a new man more than eytioyxjdwj, so rehwikbxd is not less lonely than eytioyxjdwj
cupkfyxvckkk meets a new man more than comtqnzewcyw, so comtqnzewcyw is not more lonely than cupkfyxvckkk
lxbasz meets a new man more than dwtckcvnfmh, so dwtckcvnfmh is not more lonely than lxbasz
lfh meets a new man more than gmcayhsnupaa, so gmcayhsnupaa is not more lonely than lfh
hlfohmfmk meets a new man more than hmim, so hmim is not more lonely than hlfohmfmk
pjbjt meets a new man more than yfep, so yfep is not more lonely than pjbjt
nijlbdnotr prevents another person attempt more than cvzjctloawat, so nijlbdnotr is more wise than cvzjctloawat
kbkrapjo prevents another person attempt more than yoelbbgpsyxz, so kbkrapjo is more wise than yoelbbgpsyxz
dnofsffaes prevents another person attempt more than lbaone, so dnofsffaes is more wise than lbaone
ryfwuqtkszd prevents another person attempt more than tdh, so ryfwuqtkszd is more wise than tdh
mdgxjhvhiweb prevents another person attempt more than hrvorcfsy, so mdgxjhvhiweb is more wise than hrvorcfsy
oetqmdwbu prevents another person attempt more than hsnhelu, so hsnhelu is less wise than oetqmdwbu
imdx prevents another person attempt more than iuuzhpvzld, so iuuzhpvzld is less wise than imdx
hwro prevents another person attempt more than xftknh, so xftknh is less wise than hwro
cjjwpe prevents another person attempt more than sustzk, so sustzk is less wise than cjjwpe
thjvjdx prevents another person attempt more than urjmtft, so urjmtft is less wise than thjvjdx
snrhznnm prevents another person attempt more than esigvjvxxqez, so snrhznnm is not less wise than esigvjvxxqez
rqmgw prevents another person attempt more than kysippsa, so rqmgw is not less wise than kysippsa
ybmpmtzsdp prevents another person attempt more than njfn, so ybmpmtzsdp is not less wise than njfn
xcwsqkdaf prevents another person attempt more than ecvxrs, so xcwsqkdaf is not less wise than ecvxrs
rmnp prevents another person attempt more than lquwmobsqd, so rmnp is not less wise than lquwmobsqd
khhqufy prevents another person attempt more than mhihcl, so mhihcl is not more wise than khhqufy
dovkhebsfuh prevents another person attempt more than wmydj, so wmydj is not more wise than dovkhebsfuh
audcv prevents another person attempt more than ovfob, so ovfob is not more wise than audcv
idfyzmopdodt prevents another person attempt more than ojfglo, so ojfglo is not more wise than idfyzmopdodt
keafxku prevents another person attempt more than cuuzeizkh, so cuuzeizkh is not more wise than keafxku
frmgrsogzzfu gets a raise more than oahihwg, so frmgrsogzzfu is more sociable than oahihwg
sbwkhubimo gets a raise more than pznzcef, so sbwkhubimo is more sociable than pznzcef
dnidmeu gets a raise more than dqrpb, so dnidmeu is more sociable than dqrpb
rzkddhkw gets a raise more than uvsqfybozb, so rzkddhkw is more sociable than uvsqfybozb
uhrenyggzb gets a raise more than berpxqson, so uhrenyggzb is more sociable than berpxqson
vuopjuslp gets a raise more than mzgjamogyc, so mzgjamogyc is less sociable than vuopjuslp
rjvu gets a raise more than ltcdwngysof, so ltcdwngysof is less sociable than rjvu
hgubwjiq gets a raise more than ozl, so ozl is less sociable than hgubwjiq
jgmlymg gets a raise more than tmpd, so tmpd is less sociable than jgmlymg
mnfqz gets a raise more than cgatixd, so cgatixd is less sociable than mnfqz
daewfuyfmvqi gets a raise more than ejmywpx, so daewfuyfmvqi is not less sociable than ejmywpx
bmywnufx gets a raise more than fvxg, so bmywnufx is not less sociable than fvxg
vcnfcvafemfq gets a raise more than zpxrdyjzt, so vcnfcvafemfq is not less sociable than zpxrdyjzt
zet gets a raise more than vala, so zet is not less sociable than vala
qmytoqhqfwq gets a raise more than tfllpgxibhib, so qmytoqhqfwq is not less sociable than tfllpgxibhib
ybvbdsjpob gets a raise more than juveeibv, so juveeibv is not more sociable than ybvbdsjpob
lkjmkd gets a raise more than glbarhj, so glbarhj is not more sociable than lkjmkd
zfyscy gets a raise more than zflv, so zflv is not more sociable than zfyscy
jnlcgucnyc gets a raise more than oyg, so oyg is not more sociable than jnlcgucnyc
innyefz gets a raise more than hbdnndq, so hbdnndq is not more sociable than innyefz
zoomkvrmd brings it back more than kdhpxpfpxh, so zoomkvrmd is more nostalgic than kdhpxpfpxh
gyvr brings it back more than wfwq, so gyvr is more nostalgic than wfwq
pkslgsa brings it back more than buek, so pkslgsa is more nostalgic than buek
tynvqapgehoe brings it back more than muvl, so tynvqapgehoe is more nostalgic than muvl
zfmzijvmndw brings it back more than ntyv, so zfmzijvmndw is more nostalgic than ntyv
shcmhu brings it back more than jhlxizbiuoqz, so jhlxizbiuoqz is less nostalgic than shcmhu
pfbnmaf brings it back more than fimge, so fimge is less nostalgic than pfbnmaf
jfg brings it back more than ihangdnk, so ihangdnk is less nostalgic than jfg
ydp brings it back more than ineer, so ineer is less nostalgic than ydp
qehzhn brings it back more than mgvqrcuead, so mgvqrcuead is less nostalgic than qehzhn
zbfx brings it back more than quiwftdq, so zbfx is not less nostalgic than quiwftdq
wjsunoyc brings it back more than yeka, so wjsunoyc is not less nostalgic than yeka
zrapyymzfwqu brings it back more than dje, so zrapyymzfwqu is not less nostalgic than dje
lirywlhq brings it back more than ulook, so lirywlhq is not less nostalgic than ulook
sri brings it back more than wgqjx, so sri is not less nostalgic than wgqjx
ybxm brings it back more than qfuwskwgceki, so qfuwskwgceki is not more nostalgic than ybxm
lmtiunfnlhj brings it back more than olrnk, so olrnk is not more nostalgic than lmtiunfnlhj
piknqfcngyf brings it back more than wtump, so wtump is not more nostalgic than piknqfcngyf
mlcw brings it back more than ipvqdkuo, so ipvqdkuo is not more nostalgic than mlcw
jpdutjat brings it back more than ebfbv, so ebfbv is not more nostalgic than jpdutjat
vhbgfiecetnn makes the trip more than ntzrne, so vhbgfiecetnn is more worldly than ntzrne
tjpwmvz makes the trip more than mkr, so tjpwmvz is more worldly than mkr
euzawvkzjbe makes the trip more than oalxp, so euzawvkzjbe is more worldly than oalxp
obbrcv makes the trip more than pkwf, so obbrcv is more worldly than pkwf
txbl makes the trip more than cwnnv, so txbl is more worldly than cwnnv
loqjlenwq makes the trip more than lvhtmllqme, so lvhtmllqme is less worldly than loqjlenwq
ejvpknidgzmb makes the trip more than jrguukjmjd, so jrguukjmjd is less worldly than ejvpknidgzmb
taz makes the trip more than oral, so oral is less worldly than taz
swsetqrfwr makes the trip more than cormmnypiwj, so cormmnypiwj is less worldly than swsetqrfwr
hxmfpaqfcf makes the trip more than uhuwplao, so uhuwplao is less worldly than hxmfpaqfcf
rdpfxfgjzkg makes the trip more than bsilhkowiseb, so rdpfxfgjzkg is not less worldly than bsilhkowiseb
jdzi makes the trip more than curlkslrjkrs, so jdzi is not less worldly than curlkslrjkrs
bsjnbasugck makes the trip more than xnwmgfdajnq, so bsjnbasugck is not less worldly than xnwmgfdajnq
yfqumh makes the trip more than rgfhmoqa, so yfqumh is not less worldly than rgfhmoqa
avxtmmw makes the trip more than bdn, so avxtmmw is not less worldly than bdn
qnfvlql makes the trip more than myz, so myz is not more worldly than qnfvlql
adxfublf makes the trip more than ztho, so ztho is not more worldly than adxfublf
rkoubhetmq makes the trip more than nuxhoyjlh, so nuxhoyjlh is not more worldly than rkoubhetmq
zhjdbbsucvt makes the trip more than ttewdodqb, so ttewdodqb is not more worldly than zhjdbbsucvt
mdjdctpx makes the trip more than sszrgs, so sszrgs is not more worldly than mdjdctpx
rrtvlnvt decides to cheat more than gsuldkjxjhwi, so rrtvlnvt is more bad than gsuldkjxjhwi
ihcyew decides to cheat more than zvtpurhyed, so ihcyew is more bad than zvtpurhyed
sbhkudheemj decides to cheat more than nlllwnmmqw, so sbhkudheemj is more bad than nlllwnmmqw
nicrktc decides to cheat more than chgbol, so nicrktc is more bad than chgbol
cqaaihvfvstk decides to cheat more than plxyyiri, so cqaaihvfvstk is more bad than plxyyiri
hfuiibr decides to cheat more than qgdpdnkcmsj, so qgdpdnkcmsj is less bad than hfuiibr
frroz decides to cheat more than onjhh, so onjhh is less bad than frroz
iup decides to cheat more than tmoj, so tmoj is less bad than iup
jpupkftk decides to cheat more than zwfwolmer, so zwfwolmer is less bad than jpupkftk
twc decides to cheat more than sbxfsqpi, so sbxfsqpi is less bad than twc
ynyjuwbjcrsw decides to cheat more than bcrbbvcsix, so ynyjuwbjcrsw is not less bad than bcrbbvcsix
dcy decides to cheat more than cml, so dcy is not less bad than cml
ncgafwl decides to cheat more than gahbe, so ncgafwl is not less bad than gahbe
dqpz decides to cheat more than ycyxeae, so dqpz is not less bad than ycyxeae
stvwvrigvy decides to cheat more than fafprc, so stvwvrigvy is not less bad than fafprc
rmeuz decides to cheat more than oautzbknza, so oautzbknza is not more bad than rmeuz
aysrocj decides to cheat more than lxpwdr, so lxpwdr is not more bad than aysrocj
oijavrz decides to cheat more than wni, so wni is not more bad than oijavrz
nkrswmbkih decides to cheat more than swbcy, so swbcy is not more bad than nkrswmbkih
mpyd decides to cheat more than gqpxovddkz, so gqpxovddkz is not more bad than mpyd
zsxmtmts gets scared more than pqslbjovq, so zsxmtmts is more observant than pqslbjovq
pbjtdwa gets scared more than kidqjkjvfx, so pbjtdwa is more observant than kidqjkjvfx
dsbpiyt gets scared more than bdwtyn, so dsbpiyt is more observant than bdwtyn
qxzv gets scared more than wimesdcr, so qxzv is more observant than wimesdcr
fotdstrediev gets scared more than ttxp, so fotdstrediev is more observant than ttxp
nfjnp gets scared more than svnd, so svnd is less observant than nfjnp
mxltgndldav gets scared more than vwe, so vwe is less observant than mxltgndldav
adihnpoec gets scared more than qisrogts, so qisrogts is less observant than adihnpoec
uqdoechfzafn gets scared more than yitiuh, so yitiuh is less observant than uqdoechfzafn
pprclllp gets scared more than ndy, so ndy is less observant than pprclllp
enlaeaw gets scared more than kwewnwvajyz, so enlaeaw is not less observant than kwewnwvajyz
vim gets scared more than wpclrpyrtfk, so vim is not less observant than wpclrpyrtfk
srmtlvwzb gets scared more than fge, so srmtlvwzb is not less observant than fge
mwikscxlgnlt gets scared more than ekbkg, so mwikscxlgnlt is not less observant than ekbkg
ykrbowtblod gets scared more than xbkazaqlhm, so ykrbowtblod is not less observant than xbkazaqlhm
ynyltoa gets scared more than obvyygeborlo, so obvyygeborlo is not more observant than ynyltoa
hgob gets scared more than suuujtxqbxn, so suuujtxqbxn is not more observant than hgob
bumfpkb gets scared more than nzor, so nzor is not more observant than bumfpkb
skciupoy gets scared more than uziq, so uziq is not more observant than skciupoy
yncicz gets scared more than ouzliip, so ouzliip is not more observant than yncicz
ngurqxewlzd learns to play the violin more than utyiugrmzck, so ngurqxewlzd is more musical than utyiugrmzck
vomr learns to play the violin more than cpnbvluts, so vomr is more musical than cpnbvluts
wklrsfdhkzz learns to play the violin more than rvxszye, so wklrsfdhkzz is more musical than rvxszye
ousgvi learns to play the violin more than awxw, so ousgvi is more musical than awxw
tupfvibvd learns to play the violin more than uftt, so tupfvibvd is more musical than uftt
ymqusrrfx learns to play the violin more than skelspe, so skelspe is less musical than ymqusrrfx
dgkvnifrlh learns to play the violin more than wcxbprajbyc, so wcxbprajbyc is less musical than dgkvnifrlh
necxbnjtci learns to play the violin more than xgf, so xgf is less musical than necxbnjtci
umgl learns to play the violin more than mmxpwvfoox, so mmxpwvfoox is less musical than umgl
otmdr learns to play the violin more than udk, so udk is less musical than otmdr
qwezkllapss learns to play the violin more than efrrhvsj, so qwezkllapss is not less musical than efrrhvsj
wectxtz learns to play the violin more than yfvug, so wectxtz is not less musical than yfvug
rbtwue learns to play the violin more than fvgjsneit, so rbtwue is not less musical than fvgjsneit
jwnnondm learns to play the violin more than chawg, so jwnnondm is not less musical than chawg
lic learns to play the violin more than mzdg, so lic is not less musical than mzdg
hzxrvogyn learns to play the violin more than xmszz, so xmszz is not more musical than hzxrvogyn
aavarba learns to play the violin more than xagkf, so xagkf is not more musical than aavarba
duakgkla learns to play the violin more than tafspy, so tafspy is not more musical than duakgkla
hqoyaoenbb learns to play the violin more than xhwqnooizvi, so xhwqnooizvi is not more musical than hqoyaoenbb
ekrvsi learns to play the violin more than uiuxtr, so uiuxtr is not more musical than ekrvsi
dte tells another person ought more than eugnqbbvrzlq, so dte is more overbearing than eugnqbbvrzlq
vwyhasmacv tells another person ought more than opqkil, so vwyhasmacv is more overbearing than opqkil
vlwilwzr tells another person ought more than oqnwlbf, so vlwilwzr is more overbearing than oqnwlbf
wuawexnbe tells another person ought more than exdxfn, so wuawexnbe is more overbearing than exdxfn
gwvdvlsjkv tells another person ought more than hreuo, so gwvdvlsjkv is more overbearing than hreuo
isynhbhpu tells another person ought more than ttezrkditpdx, so ttezrkditpdx is more overbearing than isynhbhpu
wpxjjdlld tells another person ought more than lwfhdrnpzr, so lwfhdrnpzr is more overbearing than wpxjjdlld
gyywttzkuqxv tells another person ought more than wzjplxxthzxd, so wzjplxxthzxd is more overbearing than gyywttzkuqxv
ykjwasfdj tells another person ought more than ebzzcxdd, so ebzzcxdd is more overbearing than ykjwasfdj
gitdwwhotait tells another person ought more than chwacp, so chwacp is more overbearing than gitdwwhotait
xrkyxlpbdxil tells another person ought more than ohz, so xrkyxlpbdxil is not less overbearing than ohz
fhttwohteb tells another person ought more than cdypxekmet, so fhttwohteb is not less overbearing than cdypxekmet
pjan tells another person ought more than hbvfxytg, so pjan is not less overbearing than hbvfxytg
neyliayvcn tells another person ought more than dwkqnijmoof, so neyliayvcn is not less overbearing than dwkqnijmoof
qgtqatqierqn tells another person ought more than garpyg, so qgtqatqierqn is not less overbearing than garpyg
rvueoc tells another person ought more than abted, so abted is not more overbearing than rvueoc
unvjmcuizai tells another person ought more than ffzbsfqulvt, so ffzbsfqulvt is not more overbearing than unvjmcuizai
ksvmhio tells another person ought more than xlyepza, so xlyepza is not more overbearing than ksvmhio
jews tells another person ought more than qvstfkhw, so qvstfkhw is not more overbearing than jews
umvflwsdzmdx tells another person ought more than exkawfzxpdca, so exkawfzxpdca is not more overbearing than umvflwsdzmdx
qnu is let go more than jbgxee, so qnu is more sad than jbgxee
rbgoyw is let go more than hhfrrysuv, so rbgoyw is more sad than hhfrrysuv
tepnaytw is let go more than dzwpbevko, so tepnaytw is more sad than dzwpbevko
gcwrcjdjzf is let go more than njfabqg, so gcwrcjdjzf is more sad than njfabqg
lzeschqmsfoj is let go more than tqxx, so lzeschqmsfoj is more sad than tqxx
exu is let go more than auibu, so auibu is less sad than exu
nwwsnkeds is let go more than hukavmypbk, so hukavmypbk is less sad than nwwsnkeds
opr is let go more than muxcozcnp, so muxcozcnp is less sad than opr
wjajefuwxdm is let go more than pfbaj, so pfbaj is less sad than wjajefuwxdm
gszansmelzn is let go more than lqjgmkhtyy, so lqjgmkhtyy is less sad than gszansmelzn
bwjsrhvp is let go more than kznpkrnvaumc, so bwjsrhvp is not more sad than kznpkrnvaumc
hlmf is let go more than ivwmedwrhn, so hlmf is not more sad than ivwmedwrhn
nbbggedgn is let go more than exhmaxpzg, so nbbggedgn is not more sad than exhmaxpzg
dtffiuxihkhw is let go more than ogx, so dtffiuxihkhw is not more sad than ogx
zeethw is let go more than scrnhizxyvl, so zeethw is not more sad than scrnhizxyvl
wrofn is let go more than muv, so muv is not more sad than wrofn
unyerthtzryf is let go more than vvgmvkl, so vvgmvkl is not more sad than unyerthtzryf
veerlgm is let go more than ybeggco, so ybeggco is not more sad than veerlgm
hmextd is let go more than tsvjylsfets, so tsvjylsfets is not more sad than hmextd
iwjv is let go more than grhko, so grhko is not more sad than iwjv
slsqfzauwsb passes their exams more than yvektngujx, so slsqfzauwsb is more intelligent than yvektngujx
sutfmv passes their exams more than xiofjjxt, so sutfmv is more intelligent than xiofjjxt
mbhfqi passes their exams more than bwptxazyg, so mbhfqi is more intelligent than bwptxazyg
tpnubsu passes their exams more than rgjuclliix, so tpnubsu is more intelligent than rgjuclliix
dmoxqcebiyq passes their exams more than nossecdxf, so dmoxqcebiyq is more intelligent than nossecdxf
buqj passes their exams more than rraafe, so rraafe is less intelligent than buqj
jfialx passes their exams more than mviolhqoeusx, so mviolhqoeusx is less intelligent than jfialx
bhzuhjk passes their exams more than gjqryngker, so gjqryngker is less intelligent than bhzuhjk
blpmsxsqsfbt passes their exams more than pltifsq, so pltifsq is less intelligent than blpmsxsqsfbt
xnhadhamuokj passes their exams more than duax, so duax is less intelligent than xnhadhamuokj
con passes their exams more than quzwqpcjkiy, so con is not less intelligent than quzwqpcjkiy
uiajf passes their exams more than qeh, so uiajf is not less intelligent than qeh
negapc passes their exams more than cgz, so negapc is not less intelligent than cgz
lmoe passes their exams more than chvk, so lmoe is not less intelligent than chvk
ojzboqfjw passes their exams more than kkavcvjgmf, so ojzboqfjw is not less intelligent than kkavcvjgmf
ckpemgive passes their exams more than dbqvviu, so dbqvviu is not more intelligent than ckpemgive
hgqjrqqkcmcg passes their exams more than cfrtfkacqohl, so cfrtfkacqohl is not more intelligent than hgqjrqqkcmcg
dxkcqzghpjdw passes their exams more than jtmaqjuwuetv, so jtmaqjuwuetv is not more intelligent than dxkcqzghpjdw
owxhhda passes their exams more than vep, so vep is not more intelligent than owxhhda
ysdxdutkycy passes their exams more than ipknwowxeu, so ipknwowxeu is not more intelligent than ysdxdutkycy
krsewiid keeps it as a pet more than sewlldh, so krsewiid is more kind than sewlldh
sbpyxna keeps it as a pet more than pggbl, so sbpyxna is more kind than pggbl
ttwiolgjiokv keeps it as a pet more than oagpbubbwgtm, so ttwiolgjiokv is more kind than oagpbubbwgtm
sqafjyawp keeps it as a pet more than sqgzofek, so sqafjyawp is more kind than sqgzofek
bvoyeoffug keeps it as a pet more than fhqolv, so bvoyeoffug is more kind than fhqolv
bzmvwaqgpde keeps it as a pet more than xktjw, so xktjw is less kind than bzmvwaqgpde
arjxhrpaowdu keeps it as a pet more than ctlmjqxk, so ctlmjqxk is less kind than arjxhrpaowdu
xewkdldtes keeps it as a pet more than lvmtwsdo, so lvmtwsdo is less kind than xewkdldtes
wqxmgjxz keeps it as a pet more than zvnxjolj, so zvnxjolj is less kind than wqxmgjxz
fiqgwku keeps it as a pet more than lgvkvofn, so lgvkvofn is less kind than fiqgwku
jwbjuhhbyvkv keeps it as a pet more than qydls, so jwbjuhhbyvkv is not less kind than qydls
jouywyl keeps it as a pet more than iaxyvuw, so jouywyl is not less kind than iaxyvuw
sthu keeps it as a pet more than rlt, so sthu is not less kind than rlt
vypv keeps it as a pet more than cvxfxyjdk, so vypv is not less kind than cvxfxyjdk
gkdqocde keeps it as a pet more than ync, so gkdqocde is not less kind than ync
yyoymcuf keeps it as a pet more than pnenbdjlwn, so pnenbdjlwn is not more kind than yyoymcuf
nvixh keeps it as a pet more than wzbmskn, so wzbmskn is not more kind than nvixh
kcsumkm keeps it as a pet more than hpdbhdhpaht, so hpdbhdhpaht is not more kind than kcsumkm
lzi keeps it as a pet more than xxgw, so xxgw is not more kind than lzi
hjznoinetpdf keeps it as a pet more than fdttfmdm, so fdttfmdm is not more kind than hjznoinetpdf
ncwdfcxezc invites another person's friends over more than ybggqmnjqj, so ncwdfcxezc is more welcoming than ybggqmnjqj
tntqhbpti invites another person's friends over more than cqhe, so tntqhbpti is more welcoming than cqhe
mlcrebrou invites another person's friends over more than ottarivgeuz, so mlcrebrou is more welcoming than ottarivgeuz
jhrhizvqv invites another person's friends over more than bfv, so jhrhizvqv is more welcoming than bfv
lbsikwkft invites another person's friends over more than kpathdsy, so lbsikwkft is more welcoming than kpathdsy
ujcskoafm invites another person's friends over more than hzho, so hzho is less welcoming than ujcskoafm
szu invites another person's friends over more than ilsulsetatwo, so ilsulsetatwo is less welcoming than szu
ddldyhz invites another person's friends over more than rwcdaglnfr, so rwcdaglnfr is less welcoming than ddldyhz
rlq invites another person's friends over more than nnqhmgfvlg, so nnqhmgfvlg is less welcoming than rlq
ykegccoa invites another person's friends over more than ogwbm, so ogwbm is less welcoming than ykegccoa
rfro invites another person's friends over more than vsatqvio, so rfro is not less welcoming than vsatqvio
kcahruq invites another person's friends over more than lhq, so kcahruq is not less welcoming than lhq
cpbbx invites another person's friends over more than rzqqg, so cpbbx is not less welcoming than rzqqg
naar invites another person's friends over more than jxt, so naar is not less welcoming than jxt
yvyawy invites another person's friends over more than auhsljzqyuyx, so yvyawy is not less welcoming than auhsljzqyuyx
igied invites another person's friends over more than xfgzhfgzixf, so xfgzhfgzixf is not more welcoming than igied
tjii invites another person's friends over more than ppiegdbff, so ppiegdbff is not more welcoming than tjii
cjspttiri invites another person's friends over more than onpghgpygp, so onpghgpygp is not more welcoming than cjspttiri
huaf invites another person's friends over more than hrwmtpx, so hrwmtpx is not more welcoming than huaf
byvjonypf invites another person's friends over more than aproq, so aproq is not more welcoming than byvjonypf
upwcwtxxh pushes another person's back more than rtddrf, so upwcwtxxh is less rough than rtddrf
bgbij pushes another person's back more than zxwymhbxgf, so bgbij is less rough than zxwymhbxgf
nfycofryagd pushes another person's back more than ekgrc, so nfycofryagd is less rough than ekgrc
heesjnhtvn pushes another person's back more than trimjsoylbv, so heesjnhtvn is less rough than trimjsoylbv
ktyca pushes another person's back more than hio, so ktyca is less rough than hio
pnfblb pushes another person's back more than vrfgqclecefa, so vrfgqclecefa is less rough than pnfblb
zgrfqiuwvnpu pushes another person's back more than mmafaylkflce, so mmafaylkflce is less rough than zgrfqiuwvnpu
orczf pushes another person's back more than nuxul, so nuxul is less rough than orczf
orvkhgqjl pushes another person's back more than wjwogalz, so wjwogalz is less rough than orvkhgqjl
hdu pushes another person's back more than kriv, so kriv is less rough than hdu
mxhqtrwxbc pushes another person's back more than awrbpktvqcvx, so mxhqtrwxbc is not less rough than awrbpktvqcvx
tqryvavuka pushes another person's back more than fxomqk, so tqryvavuka is not less rough than fxomqk
aupzt pushes another person's back more than dgvlhc, so aupzt is not less rough than dgvlhc
jxeocjjrwed pushes another person's back more than sfssyorywv, so jxeocjjrwed is not less rough than sfssyorywv
gkqvbq pushes another person's back more than noqffsijh, so gkqvbq is not less rough than noqffsijh
ttimuq pushes another person's back more than qaou, so qaou is not more rough than ttimuq
osyu pushes another person's back more than aiicyuwpno, so aiicyuwpno is not more rough than osyu
ekdwwjvfyr pushes another person's back more than yakqbnphtez, so yakqbnphtez is not more rough than ekdwwjvfyr
fitnp pushes another person's back more than vvb, so vvb is not more rough than fitnp
fnckxl pushes another person's back more than kpaprkwpzt, so kpaprkwpzt is not more rough than fnckxl
bufv walks to school every day more than ymd, so bufv is more brave than ymd
bumiuj walks to school every day more than wfyr, so bumiuj is more brave than wfyr
rdwdjwzh walks to school every day more than cpmzs, so rdwdjwzh is more brave than cpmzs
ycqdhi walks to school every day more than pfvghfe, so ycqdhi is more brave than pfvghfe
nwzkdu walks to school every day more than wgaohqzgnjx, so nwzkdu is more brave than wgaohqzgnjx
pwnxutkrhj walks to school every day more than abesya, so abesya is less brave than pwnxutkrhj
nzm walks to school every day more than wbv, so wbv is less brave than nzm
loqo walks to school every day more than nmct, so nmct is less brave than loqo
ycflrqwq walks to school every day more than higtaurdlsgz, so higtaurdlsgz is less brave than ycflrqwq
fkctlklptep walks to school every day more than benczcmgn, so benczcmgn is less brave than fkctlklptep
xxw walks to school every day more than vew, so xxw is not less brave than vew
psggrs walks to school every day more than hczxk, so psggrs is not less brave than hczxk
bmbnk walks to school every day more than qyvhlymvnyse, so bmbnk is not less brave than qyvhlymvnyse
ytbpopgezn walks to school every day more than iaxxacb, so ytbpopgezn is not less brave than iaxxacb
ubuf walks to school every day more than eiyacwr, so ubuf is not less brave than eiyacwr
seeiindb walks to school every day more than aawt, so aawt is not more brave than seeiindb
pfydk walks to school every day more than ahfp, so ahfp is not more brave than pfydk
qoft walks to school every day more than cgvtxq, so cgvtxq is not more brave than qoft
wxneriif walks to school every day more than llgthq, so llgthq is not more brave than wxneriif
qglqjrvy walks to school every day more than npqqufiu, so npqqufiu is not more brave than qglqjrvy
xdpsr loses their senses more than rpxhzrpsu, so xdpsr is more absentminded than rpxhzrpsu
twhrewvzmxgy loses their senses more than egvmz, so twhrewvzmxgy is more absentminded than egvmz
rudoaebyj loses their senses more than uzmjhxhe, so rudoaebyj is more absentminded than uzmjhxhe
csms loses their senses more than eupyrgdv, so csms is more absentminded than eupyrgdv
avbomueods loses their senses more than tqs, so avbomueods is more absentminded than tqs
kdelc loses their senses more than yoefvtvnxd, so yoefvtvnxd is less absentminded than kdelc
csxocvkv loses their senses more than uinxx, so uinxx is less absentminded than csxocvkv
nkpoz loses their senses more than ygvrsynyv, so ygvrsynyv is less absentminded than nkpoz
cuhugzm loses their senses more than wchcc, so wchcc is less absentminded than cuhugzm
vzvhvjgs loses their senses more than dfyafslllzai, so dfyafslllzai is less absentminded than vzvhvjgs
ppric loses their senses more than lkoioccbk, so ppric is not less absentminded than lkoioccbk
izaudcvgsrr loses their senses more than rhjwsyvvpblw, so izaudcvgsrr is not less absentminded than rhjwsyvvpblw
qonuivwg loses their senses more than afp, so qonuivwg is not less absentminded than afp
qqz loses their senses more than xsttbglugya, so qqz is not less absentminded than xsttbglugya
hetwtj loses their senses more than fnuukqvlb, so hetwtj is not less absentminded than fnuukqvlb
kwhzlvneyj loses their senses more than jhehgsw, so jhehgsw is not more absentminded than kwhzlvneyj
nnyswvwtg loses their senses more than tqrk, so tqrk is not more absentminded than nnyswvwtg
humxjz loses their senses more than mhncsr, so mhncsr is not more absentminded than humxjz
feovpycsxy loses their senses more than vzqijo, so vzqijo is not more absentminded than feovpycsxy
zxouvatx loses their senses more than gkg, so gkg is not more absentminded than zxouvatx
pyknjm lives in their house more than pbkqltjbt, so pyknjm is more homeowner than pbkqltjbt
ytcqlbdp lives in their house more than jfesq, so ytcqlbdp is more homeowner than jfesq
zyeac lives in their house more than kvfbxa, so zyeac is more homeowner than kvfbxa
bml lives in their house more than doewnlepq, so bml is more homeowner than doewnlepq
saljrwl lives in their house more than snizcsdw, so saljrwl is more homeowner than snizcsdw
mbkco lives in their house more than bqqd, so bqqd is less homeowner than mbkco
dwhualybt lives in their house more than kyyzynfo, so kyyzynfo is less homeowner than dwhualybt
ldur lives in their house more than phcdksu, so phcdksu is less homeowner than ldur
xxmkms lives in their house more than omdpcnny, so omdpcnny is less homeowner than xxmkms
nyxxbojnasz lives in their house more than hffsmclcgcri, so hffsmclcgcri is less homeowner than nyxxbojnasz
goxgghkjxk lives in their house more than kewxrrnf, so goxgghkjxk is not less homeowner than kewxrrnf
yvgydtbjtned lives in their house more than hzozrowjt, so yvgydtbjtned is not less homeowner than hzozrowjt
apqjsb lives in their house more than axj, so apqjsb is not less homeowner than axj
qbbm lives in their house more than byhwzt, so qbbm is not less homeowner than byhwzt
vzzxugdpc lives in their house more than qyqshwhhub, so vzzxugdpc is not less homeowner than qyqshwhhub
vncafffxtul lives in their house more than hafo, so hafo is not more homeowner than vncafffxtul
ewvikjwrbz lives in their house more than vsduqyj, so vsduqyj is not more homeowner than ewvikjwrbz
lsgyu lives in their house more than rjdlpvqsst, so rjdlpvqsst is not more homeowner than lsgyu
yctmk lives in their house more than ddvlmeftipz, so ddvlmeftipz is not more homeowner than yctmk
btbocuswe lives in their house more than ampweb, so ampweb is not more homeowner than btbocuswe
alalkhol walks all the way back more than vtpebdzsw, so alalkhol is more patient than vtpebdzsw
gxnjeggi walks all the way back more than qgwmio, so gxnjeggi is more patient than qgwmio
vaybrl walks all the way back more than vgjztpjcmwnz, so vaybrl is more patient than vgjztpjcmwnz
pzbp walks all the way back more than dqpkgnqurnm, so pzbp is more patient than dqpkgnqurnm
ypefiupa walks all the way back more than bavcchz, so ypefiupa is more patient than bavcchz
abldnqqk walks all the way back more than xvaqv, so xvaqv is less patient than abldnqqk
wbjqctcsa walks all the way back more than qsyih, so qsyih is less patient than wbjqctcsa
unijwxm walks all the way back more than tbzcfwmamndy, so tbzcfwmamndy is less patient than unijwxm
nbqe walks all the way back more than qrwhtup, so qrwhtup is less patient than nbqe
bes walks all the way back more than xxvjpqp, so xxvjpqp is less patient than bes
rix walks all the way back more than hep, so rix is not less patient than hep
aqaogeofx walks all the way back more than lwqjdctvrsex, so aqaogeofx is not less patient than lwqjdctvrsex
flse walks all the way back more than fmxfp, so flse is not less patient than fmxfp
cik walks all the way back more than nwuvhnwdt, so cik is not less patient than nwuvhnwdt
rrramvbadzmc walks all the way back more than btgegod, so rrramvbadzmc is not less patient than btgegod
dpshoa walks all the way back more than yyqdaqbvep, so yyqdaqbvep is not more patient than dpshoa
maejwa walks all the way back more than hqqzjijtlytj, so hqqzjijtlytj is not more patient than maejwa
vucjgfc walks all the way back more than dka, so dka is not more patient than vucjgfc
qopokdiaxp walks all the way back more than nskfqvop, so nskfqvop is not more patient than qopokdiaxp
jnklt walks all the way back more than yopaiopklui, so yopaiopklui is not more patient than jnklt
ulhqbk calls a locksmith more than ziixkdo, so ulhqbk is more smart than ziixkdo
nyfnnsrpf calls a locksmith more than oxjkmqi, so nyfnnsrpf is more smart than oxjkmqi
acyxs calls a locksmith more than rleum, so acyxs is more smart than rleum
tuvrqmrdozk calls a locksmith more than ybbgexvu, so tuvrqmrdozk is more smart than ybbgexvu
pepzdtwozyd calls a locksmith more than gdljhe, so pepzdtwozyd is more smart than gdljhe
dbc calls a locksmith more than lbmzonvsrm, so lbmzonvsrm is less smart than dbc
xiv calls a locksmith more than rhi, so rhi is less smart than xiv
whhx calls a locksmith more than rgbu, so rgbu is less smart than whhx
yys calls a locksmith more than raqvmmw, so raqvmmw is less smart than yys
sdmkcxr calls a locksmith more than zfhqvdbgfech, so zfhqvdbgfech is less smart than sdmkcxr
tilscwkeofxv calls a locksmith more than giaxihqvo, so tilscwkeofxv is not less smart than giaxihqvo
zfmrytdj calls a locksmith more than wotdprol, so zfmrytdj is not less smart than wotdprol
eonpyjilfbmc calls a locksmith more than qnig, so eonpyjilfbmc is not less smart than qnig
ydnruaptpn calls a locksmith more than egmozm, so ydnruaptpn is not less smart than egmozm
efgq calls a locksmith more than mjcctetqjb, so efgq is not less smart than mjcctetqjb
mbziargvv calls a locksmith more than vermxtxtweer, so vermxtxtweer is not more smart than mbziargvv
pniywrs calls a locksmith more than ejimerqf, so ejimerqf is not more smart than pniywrs
zypirw calls a locksmith more than ncwjfold, so ncwjfold is not more smart than zypirw
mtpaxgs calls a locksmith more than skpaxk, so skpaxk is not more smart than mtpaxgs
wvfhrhxvtc calls a locksmith more than zunl, so zunl is not more smart than wvfhrhxvtc
nuis runs for office more than vzgz, so nuis is more king than vzgz
hwje runs for office more than jgswy, so hwje is more king than jgswy
yonwqsw runs for office more than vhuvflqgps, so yonwqsw is more king than vhuvflqgps
flerfiprou runs for office more than bixjkphk, so flerfiprou is more king than bixjkphk
aadaiwosxud runs for office more than nhrbyfmyr, so aadaiwosxud is more king than nhrbyfmyr
gbciv runs for office more than jgxjktbbut, so jgxjktbbut is less king than gbciv
wthrdcqc runs for office more than nmxovjwhy, so nmxovjwhy is less king than wthrdcqc
hpwmxtovn runs for office more than qxxcxazoby, so qxxcxazoby is less king than hpwmxtovn
onhomqqgjr runs for office more than eztx, so eztx is less king than onhomqqgjr
jgfa runs for office more than rcodw, so rcodw is less king than jgfa
wwx runs for office more than sqwi, so wwx is not less king than sqwi
clrr runs for office more than rpt, so clrr is not less king than rpt
ruxtlzol runs for office more than rmpnh, so ruxtlzol is not less king than rmpnh
gqdarkcvd runs for office more than blbufcor, so gqdarkcvd is not less king than blbufcor
stcpga runs for office more than sdi, so stcpga is not less king than sdi
ybb runs for office more than zweuoxlrmta, so zweuoxlrmta is not more king than ybb
dtwcf runs for office more than geatuvabasim, so geatuvabasim is not more king than dtwcf
tabhthubs runs for office more than pfawsaezv, so pfawsaezv is not more king than tabhthubs
tbubklhklyc runs for office more than lmr, so lmr is not more king than tbubklhklyc
xivssizorul runs for office more than uapadrlgpz, so uapadrlgpz is not more king than xivssizorul
lbkfezhaxcz gets high more than ieusxbr, so lbkfezhaxcz is more exhausted than ieusxbr
vatboytbs gets high more than rqjyt, so vatboytbs is more exhausted than rqjyt
ykundxiqf gets high more than xeuyierh, so ykundxiqf is more exhausted than xeuyierh
hlkylcnxmgf gets high more than tqovgugrqw, so hlkylcnxmgf is more exhausted than tqovgugrqw
selwxus gets high more than cykhehujxzr, so selwxus is more exhausted than cykhehujxzr
hezyyjystkbj gets high more than pdozrchoirx, so pdozrchoirx is less exhausted than hezyyjystkbj
zjcfkxtnlrt gets high more than pzaggy, so pzaggy is less exhausted than zjcfkxtnlrt
qnj gets high more than xlulj, so xlulj is less exhausted than qnj
meicoytsotuy gets high more than pxepidxoidxn, so pxepidxoidxn is less exhausted than meicoytsotuy
pgdbijlu gets high more than jhbpzliolnfy, so jhbpzliolnfy is less exhausted than pgdbijlu
qemnihjxpob gets high more than vkeqbpktunew, so qemnihjxpob is not less exhausted than vkeqbpktunew
egqsdtlgpc gets high more than vmdvfanz, so egqsdtlgpc is not less exhausted than vmdvfanz
uksvry gets high more than jqygz, so uksvry is not less exhausted than jqygz
ynnizceer gets high more than tdtsqr, so ynnizceer is not less exhausted than tdtsqr
xjvlaulap gets high more than fdhzmhejbwjb, so xjvlaulap is not less exhausted than fdhzmhejbwjb
dxqyiwvnzidx gets high more than lkfhrvpd, so lkfhrvpd is not less exhausted than dxqyiwvnzidx
tvgxtnbe gets high more than ygsejxcvtr, so ygsejxcvtr is not less exhausted than tvgxtnbe
uvr gets high more than sxuosb, so sxuosb is not less exhausted than uvr
oxog gets high more than jaaz, so jaaz is not less exhausted than oxog
rpkvzsngezg gets high more than xytzx, so xytzx is not less exhausted than rpkvzsngezg
lic helps finishes another person's work more than nhpjavvffj, so lic is more determined than nhpjavvffj
vedho helps finishes another person's work more than scchrx, so vedho is more determined than scchrx
wdujmr helps finishes another person's work more than qjpbmmd, so wdujmr is more determined than qjpbmmd
abbrf helps finishes another person's work more than srisvtnanpwg, so abbrf is more determined than srisvtnanpwg
bglig helps finishes another person's work more than ozujhiweffow, so bglig is more determined than ozujhiweffow
ulpwqodaa helps finishes another person's work more than akhxxhiyl, so akhxxhiyl is less determined than ulpwqodaa
dcigxlzn helps finishes another person's work more than voaaumawmwx, so voaaumawmwx is less determined than dcigxlzn
yvbynglp helps finishes another person's work more than whzflcbl, so whzflcbl is less determined than yvbynglp
qdjafjt helps finishes another person's work more than zlgrfd, so zlgrfd is less determined than qdjafjt
ruvenv helps finishes another person's work more than zqubirmcv, so zqubirmcv is less determined than ruvenv
tmaxuw helps finishes another person's work more than tmxj, so tmaxuw is not less determined than tmxj
dxtscrpxqt helps finishes another person's work more than cdopeycnhl, so dxtscrpxqt is not less determined than cdopeycnhl
vzrdv helps finishes another person's work more than atuualw, so vzrdv is not less determined than atuualw
eyngymahwz helps finishes another person's work more than itdgpbdoztmb, so eyngymahwz is not less determined than itdgpbdoztmb
kdoqivmq helps finishes another person's work more than lvwmmjil, so kdoqivmq is not less determined than lvwmmjil
xrhukqhdtegi helps finishes another person's work more than blveqzhcccv, so blveqzhcccv is not more determined than xrhukqhdtegi
bbuker helps finishes another person's work more than ynvcewzhd, so ynvcewzhd is not more determined than bbuker
atflfw helps finishes another person's work more than xytyef, so xytyef is not more determined than atflfw
etzc helps finishes another person's work more than mbrevixsuqm, so mbrevixsuqm is not more determined than etzc
lgfr helps finishes another person's work more than fbq, so fbq is not more determined than lgfr
wriwwlxum rings true more than wbsphjycxsy, so wriwwlxum is more honest than wbsphjycxsy
ecqv rings true more than cmvraftm, so ecqv is more honest than cmvraftm
ywedgmbe rings true more than yjmwjcfnvbrr, so ywedgmbe is more honest than yjmwjcfnvbrr
kbqtp rings true more than uiggyiajae, so kbqtp is more honest than uiggyiajae
ryljof rings true more than yjtqpoywko, so ryljof is more honest than yjtqpoywko
kjujpb rings true more than bzj, so bzj is more honest than kjujpb
prgpgyuvfoz rings true more than nqqc, so nqqc is more honest than prgpgyuvfoz
wqhlxtoujzz rings true more than hzuohxyntjdn, so hzuohxyntjdn is more honest than wqhlxtoujzz
spjg rings true more than dwkwmlc, so dwkwmlc is more honest than spjg
jugwbgewwea rings true more than hkot, so hkot is more honest than jugwbgewwea
apkzat is more honest than bhtoxgid, so apkzat is not less honest than bhtoxgid
gydpuqgyyb is more honest than pai, so gydpuqgyyb is not less honest than pai
lmepayjyahm is more honest than wya, so lmepayjyahm is not less honest than wya
mrtaciwxuzwb is more honest than zgtuqse, so mrtaciwxuzwb is not less honest than zgtuqse
wejv is more honest than hvakkurgpf, so wejv is not less honest than hvakkurgpf
owwwytzkf is not more honest than jdpmxrjtzfz, so jdpmxrjtzfz is not more honest than owwwytzkf
wkbi is not more honest than hok, so hok is not more honest than wkbi
bvzfujs is not more honest than lrpewmsgfhr, so lrpewmsgfhr is not more honest than bvzfujs
fbxsbrge is not more honest than wpvlbjgxdt, so wpvlbjgxdt is not more honest than fbxsbrge
puaequ is not more honest than qwl, so qwl is not more honest than puaequ
tczbszug stands next to aip, so tczbszug is more patient than aip
ochyybzaqgi stands next to rgwadczckm, so ochyybzaqgi is more patient than rgwadczckm
crmr stands next to yvacpghhvio, so crmr is more patient than yvacpghhvio
cibsbkmpobzi stands next to mrbpen, so cibsbkmpobzi is more patient than mrbpen
srhoxzp stands next to bxemdgtek, so srhoxzp is more patient than bxemdgtek
uenvcgm stands next to ztnqhtiowbx, so ztnqhtiowbx is less patient than uenvcgm
pztxbga stands next to nencmaqpyoez, so nencmaqpyoez is less patient than pztxbga
lhzdesib stands next to cczi, so cczi is less patient than lhzdesib
flaujc stands next to jqdburbu, so jqdburbu is less patient than flaujc
aaqoyivyy stands next to vvryfgyoers, so vvryfgyoers is less patient than aaqoyivyy
hsebahpyz stands next to sbrycbzndm, so hsebahpyz is not less patient than sbrycbzndm
dsje stands next to kfytzlstex, so dsje is not less patient than kfytzlstex
zsn stands next to fstsvssuxy, so zsn is not less patient than fstsvssuxy
heb stands next to anklaikdvg, so heb is not less patient than anklaikdvg
rbcmh stands next to tabtimreos, so rbcmh is not less patient than tabtimreos
inccbyuxira stands next to puxdq, so puxdq is not more patient than inccbyuxira
lpwkxbogumt stands next to pmfzwneum, so pmfzwneum is not more patient than lpwkxbogumt
fiilyzk stands next to xoqcmskscuwc, so xoqcmskscuwc is not more patient than fiilyzk
fbtbbln stands next to srfcltyqdgy, so srfcltyqdgy is not more patient than fbtbbln
jhlug stands next to uclhfism, so uclhfism is not more patient than jhlug
wjexgriog has to wait for another day more than pxn, so wjexgriog is more patient than pxn
waq has to wait for another day more than bkeroa, so waq is more patient than bkeroa
crezfgxu has to wait for another day more than fhwtmmjayjxc, so crezfgxu is more patient than fhwtmmjayjxc
xdhi has to wait for another day more than lxvfxzpyvmix, so xdhi is more patient than lxvfxzpyvmix
bfgvfpldrdp has to wait for another day more than odpkpjfbttdk, so bfgvfpldrdp is more patient than odpkpjfbttdk
cgrfmq has to wait for another day more than xjjnq, so xjjnq is less patient than cgrfmq
jhagznxijbyx has to wait for another day more than wykjoeq, so wykjoeq is less patient than jhagznxijbyx
bkwkbt has to wait for another day more than dlo, so dlo is less patient than bkwkbt
qou has to wait for another day more than lvdzs, so lvdzs is less patient than qou
cis has to wait for another day more than ucpltippg, so ucpltippg is less patient than cis
usfiy has to wait for another day more than zhitejvopn, so usfiy is not more patient than zhitejvopn
veybrmvoh has to wait for another day more than vfey, so veybrmvoh is not more patient than vfey
lqlqlzpxyb has to wait for another day more than wfds, so lqlqlzpxyb is not more patient than wfds
hnr has to wait for another day more than njcxrhxmbsc, so hnr is not more patient than njcxrhxmbsc
tokygnuzp has to wait for another day more than qkhkxxam, so tokygnuzp is not more patient than qkhkxxam
ewnqrsz has to wait for another day more than peloqguydgfs, so peloqguydgfs is not more patient than ewnqrsz
nktxzcpouniq has to wait for another day more than obuxunvgf, so obuxunvgf is not more patient than nktxzcpouniq
lvvqfkbopgx has to wait for another day more than btuzzsvhnk, so btuzzsvhnk is not more patient than lvvqfkbopgx
pwlqkp has to wait for another day more than toonsth, so toonsth is not more patient than pwlqkp
kequmhxqt has to wait for another day more than antaiegwneja, so antaiegwneja is not more patient than kequmhxqt
voq gets a wiggle on more than rcrlmxmzfy, so voq is more jazzed than rcrlmxmzfy
sejjerh gets a wiggle on more than uwykvouiaafa, so sejjerh is more jazzed than uwykvouiaafa
ncgr gets a wiggle on more than bwzlfhte, so ncgr is more jazzed than bwzlfhte
ugjzcmwwf gets a wiggle on more than zqu, so ugjzcmwwf is more jazzed than zqu
reoopwfjwzy gets a wiggle on more than qcakolbyeiz, so reoopwfjwzy is more jazzed than qcakolbyeiz
osnqllp gets a wiggle on more than mkxpitksvrcj, so mkxpitksvrcj is less jazzed than osnqllp
ozufpyvrozb gets a wiggle on more than gksrwviv, so gksrwviv is less jazzed than ozufpyvrozb
jpyhh gets a wiggle on more than xeqwydykvbeq, so xeqwydykvbeq is less jazzed than jpyhh
lfaopmy gets a wiggle on more than cezmcxoxzqpn, so cezmcxoxzqpn is less jazzed than lfaopmy
pqeyvcpzab gets a wiggle on more than jwsn, so jwsn is less jazzed than pqeyvcpzab
olabodkjpbr gets a wiggle on more than sjicoewci, so olabodkjpbr is not less jazzed than sjicoewci
mhuveprtl gets a wiggle on more than yyhqaveabgb, so mhuveprtl is not less jazzed than yyhqaveabgb
fkilqpqnkbfi gets a wiggle on more than igagmklv, so fkilqpqnkbfi is not less jazzed than igagmklv
wzuorgnd gets a wiggle on more than qgvmjtnvmcto, so wzuorgnd is not less jazzed than qgvmjtnvmcto
dfi gets a wiggle on more than gckyytlxb, so dfi is not less jazzed than gckyytlxb
byvrt gets a wiggle on more than dmrwou, so dmrwou is not more jazzed than byvrt
agp gets a wiggle on more than checswrzxzv, so checswrzxzv is not more jazzed than agp
xcxhuh gets a wiggle on more than gngh, so gngh is not more jazzed than xcxhuh
sljdzewmhhhm gets a wiggle on more than isvsux, so isvsux is not more jazzed than sljdzewmhhhm
wjoi gets a wiggle on more than nnglktgyrnw, so nnglktgyrnw is not more jazzed than wjoi
snmxxiaziigd ignores another person's advice more than yfspi, so snmxxiaziigd is more placid than yfspi
vbwrt ignores another person's advice more than jgekyiivo, so vbwrt is more placid than jgekyiivo
kccaqok ignores another person's advice more than zlvrwzkvuc, so kccaqok is more placid than zlvrwzkvuc
wylcqayis ignores another person's advice more than qvjftz, so wylcqayis is more placid than qvjftz
csk ignores another person's advice more than bcdktkyj, so csk is more placid than bcdktkyj
lomgfep ignores another person's advice more than kyyskobuaroz, so kyyskobuaroz is less placid than lomgfep
mccbvkwuuf ignores another person's advice more than jnlnnye, so jnlnnye is less placid than mccbvkwuuf
lyzm ignores another person's advice more than odvfc, so odvfc is less placid than lyzm
jkog ignores another person's advice more than ftyvrsdbl, so ftyvrsdbl is less placid than jkog
fcitkkppoabh ignores another person's advice more than fznyei, so fznyei is less placid than fcitkkppoabh
fbx ignores another person's advice more than suurau, so fbx is not less placid than suurau
klyhiv ignores another person's advice more than lxkd, so klyhiv is not less placid than lxkd
rcqvatul ignores another person's advice more than myyquc, so rcqvatul is not less placid than myyquc
cnlja ignores another person's advice more than ziiqmilfpwqe, so cnlja is not less placid than ziiqmilfpwqe
kdhccbodhr ignores another person's advice more than oluxgfbsua, so kdhccbodhr is not less placid than oluxgfbsua
wvxtdxgcp ignores another person's advice more than qptwpvjpwgnk, so qptwpvjpwgnk is not more placid than wvxtdxgcp
wcv ignores another person's advice more than whfjl, so whfjl is not more placid than wcv
afjgc ignores another person's advice more than iphihfl, so iphihfl is not more placid than afjgc
fgaork ignores another person's advice more than wtsa, so wtsa is not more placid than fgaork
vtjzk ignores another person's advice more than beb, so beb is not more placid than vtjzk
oyjewlv works during the day more than hnkfpzxhgo, so oyjewlv is more responsible than hnkfpzxhgo
ucnambbsvmq works during the day more than rstntuwjnf, so ucnambbsvmq is more responsible than rstntuwjnf
jydqpjlx works during the day more than rrqmdwdnvl, so jydqpjlx is more responsible than rrqmdwdnvl
dwqrnggx works during the day more than wrysoazhsu, so dwqrnggx is more responsible than wrysoazhsu
ydtggrth works during the day more than fxolxdepz, so ydtggrth is more responsible than fxolxdepz
tkviuydtk works during the day more than ayxgusnviu, so ayxgusnviu is less responsible than tkviuydtk
biriw works during the day more than onbicydo, so onbicydo is less responsible than biriw
yyxj works during the day more than fkfzvxseajyy, so fkfzvxseajyy is less responsible than yyxj
jtne works during the day more than lldrabejkysp, so lldrabejkysp is less responsible than jtne
ebmfxrnw works during the day more than hpwjhlv, so hpwjhlv is less responsible than ebmfxrnw
imrgriplc works during the day more than bhakoblzebv, so imrgriplc is not less responsible than bhakoblzebv
mub works during the day more than binwrci, so mub is not less responsible than binwrci
ntdsqp works during the day more than wccebqbaa, so ntdsqp is not less responsible than wccebqbaa
yevruejinyls works during the day more than rfocjaxkoajg, so yevruejinyls is not less responsible than rfocjaxkoajg
foyt works during the day more than ozsupqb, so foyt is not less responsible than ozsupqb
xispgyzulg works during the day more than shvj, so shvj is not more responsible than xispgyzulg
zicjlcd works during the day more than wcopbmltxqcq, so wcopbmltxqcq is not more responsible than zicjlcd
xxghsk works during the day more than iemsxrxfpz, so iemsxrxfpz is not more responsible than xxghsk
cocjmgkmznfm works during the day more than jihqaiz, so jihqaiz is not more responsible than cocjmgkmznfm
lcizm works during the day more than bxb, so bxb is not more responsible than lcizm
oxl paints something more than gbmxfwj, so oxl is more expressive than gbmxfwj
xvgi paints something more than kbjl, so xvgi is more expressive than kbjl
hrkzvpa paints something more than rob, so hrkzvpa is more expressive than rob
avjjajazvt paints something more than nmwumrhxy, so avjjajazvt is more expressive than nmwumrhxy
hvwnkdxbyex paints something more than xwwwhwunbliu, so hvwnkdxbyex is more expressive than xwwwhwunbliu
pilu paints something more than ayztafi, so ayztafi is less expressive than pilu
ahuldg paints something more than cfthubaapc, so cfthubaapc is less expressive than ahuldg
yjzgd paints something more than intseol, so intseol is less expressive than yjzgd
hylnofkjyxww paints something more than xejapgjrx, so xejapgjrx is less expressive than hylnofkjyxww
gudfcdnzoav paints something more than aepfwfblkub, so aepfwfblkub is less expressive than gudfcdnzoav
gkoquryy paints something more than nujciubwz, so gkoquryy is not less expressive than nujciubwz
oycehvf paints something more than dtarmxsopwl, so oycehvf is not less expressive than dtarmxsopwl
vnrmujddltbe paints something more than onmogvtm, so vnrmujddltbe is not less expressive than onmogvtm
fyhx paints something more than rzyuvnhb, so fyhx is not less expressive than rzyuvnhb
mbujoco paints something more than uhacifnhidc, so mbujoco is not less expressive than uhacifnhidc
krdc paints something more than lgpvltggpys, so lgpvltggpys is not more expressive than krdc
elxlry paints something more than qfxuuyh, so qfxuuyh is not more expressive than elxlry
kzzf paints something more than sxg, so sxg is not more expressive than kzzf
uwdmm paints something more than wczvirg, so wczvirg is not more expressive than uwdmm
adbu paints something more than rcabcbmmqiw, so rcabcbmmqiw is not more expressive than adbu
hnpvdk runs the race more than tpbq, so hnpvdk is more bossy than tpbq
slxrz runs the race more than icsiky, so slxrz is more bossy than icsiky
hlckyjmke runs the race more than fttgew, so hlckyjmke is more bossy than fttgew
qqpo runs the race more than ylyojrsxuj, so qqpo is more bossy than ylyojrsxuj
zlrhdtjwfawi runs the race more than dhtshk, so zlrhdtjwfawi is more bossy than dhtshk
adihsogkzsbl runs the race more than tvyvomcfj, so tvyvomcfj is less bossy than adihsogkzsbl
hlynwndc runs the race more than rdibmr, so rdibmr is less bossy than hlynwndc
gekjexgd runs the race more than bfvsjadnijxw, so bfvsjadnijxw is less bossy than gekjexgd
moa runs the race more than ryr, so ryr is less bossy than moa
qfm runs the race more than ucdntbsz, so ucdntbsz is less bossy than qfm
nkzobcnjpk runs the race more than frlksms, so nkzobcnjpk is not more bossy than frlksms
gxglxtrl runs the race more than tifiq, so gxglxtrl is not more bossy than tifiq
hwbnoinghv runs the race more than ikyfrecvkioy, so hwbnoinghv is not more bossy than ikyfrecvkioy
pmemi runs the race more than gvcvmg, so pmemi is not more bossy than gvcvmg
pzhcr runs the race more than fzotjpmpokk, so pzhcr is not more bossy than fzotjpmpokk
zgtopi runs the race more than dorhesheqdi, so dorhesheqdi is not more bossy than zgtopi
ylboextet runs the race more than krjmaruhsvgr, so krjmaruhsvgr is not more bossy than ylboextet
lckvfonqulab runs the race more than pybqdstewku, so pybqdstewku is not more bossy than lckvfonqulab
ipvmzewrpgo runs the race more than tly, so tly is not more bossy than ipvmzewrpgo
wngzl runs the race more than wslauwblsth, so wslauwblsth is not more bossy than wngzl
rxasccyes shares another person's thoughts more than voloartkmopx, so rxasccyes is more articulate than voloartkmopx
rdeqvrffxj shares another person's thoughts more than edsknllmrh, so rdeqvrffxj is more articulate than edsknllmrh
xsfkz shares another person's thoughts more than cujsgfnksrd, so xsfkz is more articulate than cujsgfnksrd
plbcyjvnqc shares another person's thoughts more than fpeobwfzfh, so plbcyjvnqc is more articulate than fpeobwfzfh
pwt shares another person's thoughts more than qzhqc, so pwt is more articulate than qzhqc
kvkastyh shares another person's thoughts more than eusxcee, so eusxcee is less articulate than kvkastyh
ryaf shares another person's thoughts more than swoaarvbwrno, so swoaarvbwrno is less articulate than ryaf
syikwxahwdr shares another person's thoughts more than qmftrtmdaasa, so qmftrtmdaasa is less articulate than syikwxahwdr
yvpormtuucz shares another person's thoughts more than hbprdwvkg, so hbprdwvkg is less articulate than yvpormtuucz
qojlvzfaploq shares another person's thoughts more than ggth, so ggth is less articulate than qojlvzfaploq
ruogyyv shares another person's thoughts more than mxy, so ruogyyv is not less articulate than mxy
lsy shares another person's thoughts more than zanpmwx, so lsy is not less articulate than zanpmwx
btnrmatcmmda shares another person's thoughts more than mthwbiir, so btnrmatcmmda is not less articulate than mthwbiir
ztwsebz shares another person's thoughts more than jqzdvp, so ztwsebz is not less articulate than jqzdvp
lhe shares another person's thoughts more than iuvu, so lhe is not less articulate than iuvu
htcaudeqoe shares another person's thoughts more than pdcgmwjmju, so pdcgmwjmju is not more articulate than htcaudeqoe
adrqhnielzhu shares another person's thoughts more than bypvgtkcwep, so bypvgtkcwep is not more articulate than adrqhnielzhu
bay shares another person's thoughts more than scomkylmlw, so scomkylmlw is not more articulate than bay
iabmqmdeqvp shares another person's thoughts more than oatazecxggvq, so oatazecxggvq is not more articulate than iabmqmdeqvp
fgzpwaqz shares another person's thoughts more than fbln, so fbln is not more articulate than fgzpwaqz
sxibnrzalvkk gets an oil change more than nctbparxsei, so sxibnrzalvkk is more dutiful than nctbparxsei
skgf gets an oil change more than enjyeuasovt, so skgf is more dutiful than enjyeuasovt
pna gets an oil change more than fvpqyuosbhj, so pna is more dutiful than fvpqyuosbhj
gtgbn gets an oil change more than wknxjux, so gtgbn is more dutiful than wknxjux
xyyociihvtxq gets an oil change more than fvrik, so xyyociihvtxq is more dutiful than fvrik
ayheurritxr gets an oil change more than wbwm, so wbwm is less dutiful than ayheurritxr
awfwiqpp gets an oil change more than ismgz, so ismgz is less dutiful than awfwiqpp
zmwpmkmihue gets an oil change more than qqylaot, so qqylaot is less dutiful than zmwpmkmihue
lylmizb gets an oil change more than zotndwicho, so zotndwicho is less dutiful than lylmizb
jdeytxmk gets an oil change more than fcd, so fcd is less dutiful than jdeytxmk
nlz gets an oil change more than dfkwxhk, so nlz is not less dutiful than dfkwxhk
fwopygwa gets an oil change more than cxxyyhblmji, so fwopygwa is not less dutiful than cxxyyhblmji
wotsydat gets an oil change more than kli, so wotsydat is not less dutiful than kli
pfvf gets an oil change more than zykte, so pfvf is not less dutiful than zykte
jkhwh gets an oil change more than bpelrbd, so jkhwh is not less dutiful than bpelrbd
sqtxeleypp gets an oil change more than wweonelmohez, so wweonelmohez is not more dutiful than sqtxeleypp
ibezzsqy gets an oil change more than plsl, so plsl is not more dutiful than ibezzsqy
itqkdywhan gets an oil change more than nwvt, so nwvt is not more dutiful than itqkdywhan
yuhizsdbx gets an oil change more than mxtqkx, so mxtqkx is not more dutiful than yuhizsdbx
tuprlgszcv gets an oil change more than ouxlflz, so ouxlflz is not more dutiful than tuprlgszcv
pzdfikirwh helps another person much more than tdrjpvxu, so pzdfikirwh is more charming than tdrjpvxu
awayq helps another person much more than kdf, so awayq is more charming than kdf
xqghhtym helps another person much more than yrsunnv, so xqghhtym is more charming than yrsunnv
zogpktquuhyq helps another person much more than pwn, so zogpktquuhyq is more charming than pwn
btmneqfl helps another person much more than kge, so btmneqfl is more charming than kge
yimap helps another person much more than lkekpjo, so lkekpjo is less charming than yimap
taruxslkvfn helps another person much more than lwrmh, so lwrmh is less charming than taruxslkvfn
yibcdq helps another person much more than yzlsae, so yzlsae is less charming than yibcdq
edpdzz helps another person much more than ljeosdx, so ljeosdx is less charming than edpdzz
rhfhexebx helps another person much more than jafgeacxiyzu, so jafgeacxiyzu is less charming than rhfhexebx
gcqnngnz helps another person much more than voqqwmd, so gcqnngnz is not less charming than voqqwmd
ybdbp helps another person much more than jmpcvsbygb, so ybdbp is not less charming than jmpcvsbygb
bmkiwxz helps another person much more than ypnkhtjvlnl, so bmkiwxz is not less charming than ypnkhtjvlnl
lnyj helps another person much more than mnckvuo, so lnyj is not less charming than mnckvuo
fasg helps another person much more than ihkuclygbrgf, so fasg is not less charming than ihkuclygbrgf
qjkintmo helps another person much more than bkqao, so bkqao is not more charming than qjkintmo
dwkierhsq helps another person much more than pjomtzho, so pjomtzho is not more charming than dwkierhsq
zdwuuzxtkun helps another person much more than bammoq, so bammoq is not more charming than zdwuuzxtkun
vrad helps another person much more than mvqecc, so mvqecc is not more charming than vrad
bpwwav helps another person much more than yomsddqwwe, so yomsddqwwe is not more charming than bpwwav
uusytpsytnvw shapes their lives more than inchte, so uusytpsytnvw is more thoughtful than inchte
rnkps shapes their lives more than xoutbd, so rnkps is more thoughtful than xoutbd
gmpodtoppjz shapes their lives more than kihaeay, so gmpodtoppjz is more thoughtful than kihaeay
eopi shapes their lives more than ijimcdca, so eopi is more thoughtful than ijimcdca
odq shapes their lives more than wvfy, so odq is more thoughtful than wvfy
rylurbgjejv shapes their lives more than mzaiujd, so mzaiujd is less thoughtful than rylurbgjejv
kubpheerhfxu shapes their lives more than jrehejel, so jrehejel is less thoughtful than kubpheerhfxu
rkxvvr shapes their lives more than oiymbbojurmr, so oiymbbojurmr is less thoughtful than rkxvvr
elatjmbtbz shapes their lives more than myoe, so myoe is less thoughtful than elatjmbtbz
uitunimk shapes their lives more than itsqjk, so itsqjk is less thoughtful than uitunimk
lgns shapes their lives more than rzhytdb, so lgns is not more thoughtful than rzhytdb
bubxgqkpfv shapes their lives more than ycddjejftvkq, so bubxgqkpfv is not more thoughtful than ycddjejftvkq
bfw shapes their lives more than adcthejvyf, so bfw is not more thoughtful than adcthejvyf
bdyswzqlgxij shapes their lives more than lgxbsx, so bdyswzqlgxij is not more thoughtful than lgxbsx
nqqeabkbp shapes their lives more than hskqhogqmd, so nqqeabkbp is not more thoughtful than hskqhogqmd
lvqnoixmmc shapes their lives more than uxopv, so uxopv is not more thoughtful than lvqnoixmmc
xcljxvutq shapes their lives more than npvskfzkkol, so npvskfzkkol is not more thoughtful than xcljxvutq
kxro shapes their lives more than bfgqfatte, so bfgqfatte is not more thoughtful than kxro
lqvau shapes their lives more than rvgivazzcbdp, so rvgivazzcbdp is not more thoughtful than lqvau
qwvew shapes their lives more than pobspnva, so pobspnva is not more thoughtful than qwvew
lhqmw tells another person's father more than khwp, so lhqmw is less looking for wisdom than khwp
skjzecsmvq tells another person's father more than zgwotxgw, so skjzecsmvq is less looking for wisdom than zgwotxgw
kjysvmzq tells another person's father more than xybrxuz, so kjysvmzq is less looking for wisdom than xybrxuz
pvmgazegicm tells another person's father more than enlp, so pvmgazegicm is less looking for wisdom than enlp
kygmjjbytza tells another person's father more than fhnq, so kygmjjbytza is less looking for wisdom than fhnq
aqw tells another person's father more than sbjfymnska, so sbjfymnska is less looking for wisdom than aqw
gknqcnjwoslm tells another person's father more than hctivywfvnro, so hctivywfvnro is less looking for wisdom than gknqcnjwoslm
klsmdztydp tells another person's father more than tocbdmze, so tocbdmze is less looking for wisdom than klsmdztydp
gdydr tells another person's father more than xxjrmjkag, so xxjrmjkag is less looking for wisdom than gdydr
ldmaoxmnwbe tells another person's father more than qrvmrbcb, so qrvmrbcb is less looking for wisdom than ldmaoxmnwbe
zbfhjfxwtfb tells another person's father more than koeddffrvnv, so zbfhjfxwtfb is not less looking for wisdom than koeddffrvnv
dsvwrhv tells another person's father more than zcqjvr, so dsvwrhv is not less looking for wisdom than zcqjvr
swgestbutbz tells another person's father more than wdzmoysiikb, so swgestbutbz is not less looking for wisdom than wdzmoysiikb
sfwwcfg tells another person's father more than brsxcvyh, so sfwwcfg is not less looking for wisdom than brsxcvyh
cvnyivystv tells another person's father more than hfszpu, so cvnyivystv is not less looking for wisdom than hfszpu
hvsedhugkw tells another person's father more than jshcih, so jshcih is not more looking for wisdom than hvsedhugkw
khzesmslqi tells another person's father more than dpeixf, so dpeixf is not more looking for wisdom than khzesmslqi
uip tells another person's father more than mbcxvbtmpi, so mbcxvbtmpi is not more looking for wisdom than uip
filc tells another person's father more than rxqbl, so rxqbl is not more looking for wisdom than filc
rfr tells another person's father more than bazdvpmfnkk, so bazdvpmfnkk is not more looking for wisdom than rfr
oibyj finally sat down more than ukzdzlqmi, so oibyj is more tired than ukzdzlqmi
gacgvspgxgx finally sat down more than kzwyicrkjqb, so gacgvspgxgx is more tired than kzwyicrkjqb
qfiqafj finally sat down more than ytyugex, so qfiqafj is more tired than ytyugex
wbpsgnmj finally sat down more than tawmklgitk, so wbpsgnmj is more tired than tawmklgitk
uemyahkrfws finally sat down more than zbaogh, so uemyahkrfws is more tired than zbaogh
ppejygcpdw has finally sat down, so bhqqquqwqowh is less tired than ppejygcpdw
mjjus has finally sat down, so pixrmjjg is less tired than mjjus
glsz has finally sat down, so etjytxko is less tired than glsz
yzycavdah has finally sat down, so kehajjgc is less tired than yzycavdah
mzspyatpoae has finally sat down, so bbbgzf is less tired than mzspyatpoae
zgfjygxzptc finally sat down more than tpwafxu, so zgfjygxzptc is not less tired than tpwafxu
knbyfvlhfjmw finally sat down more than djprgevxscg, so knbyfvlhfjmw is not less tired than djprgevxscg
pvyhcfstwmjc finally sat down more than hlczsiwndzqn, so pvyhcfstwmjc is not less tired than hlczsiwndzqn
jlcivgu finally sat down more than tklaij, so jlcivgu is not less tired than tklaij
biwbgeltva finally sat down more than emraxumxw, so biwbgeltva is not less tired than emraxumxw
tndvniiiv finally sat down, so zfibn is not more tired than tndvniiiv
rojkpzntzru finally sat down, so zcjmmuqgx is not more tired than rojkpzntzru
ahb finally sat down, so uqmxs is not more tired than ahb
ukqntnzm finally sat down, so jjhyp is not more tired than ukqntnzm
ulpqztqjgxq finally sat down, so tnypgca is not more tired than ulpqztqjgxq
bhumnmjrhfo brings children into the world more than djykfrsnxw, so bhumnmjrhfo is less a father than djykfrsnxw
ssmajejiwoi brings children into the world more than ydehevwiejb, so ssmajejiwoi is less a father than ydehevwiejb
hlfxjfqwlfv brings children into the world more than lhmexfsmhfa, so hlfxjfqwlfv is less a father than lhmexfsmhfa
biqtzw brings children into the world more than fmzru, so biqtzw is less a father than fmzru
cjstsrtkg brings children into the world more than yinb, so cjstsrtkg is less a father than yinb
dlowhhapvhk brings children into the world more than jojr, so jojr is less a father than dlowhhapvhk
hscfuzfiaeq brings children into the world more than crq, so crq is less a father than hscfuzfiaeq
nmijiybqo brings children into the world more than jcvn, so jcvn is less a father than nmijiybqo
himxhert brings children into the world more than qwnnvg, so qwnnvg is less a father than himxhert
ynzydlwwfwp brings children into the world more than ulvfaqvqkznz, so ulvfaqvqkznz is less a father than ynzydlwwfwp
riczxjghqpbw brings children into the world more than umspczaruk, so riczxjghqpbw is not less a father than umspczaruk
siaavvhvkil brings children into the world more than vianreup, so siaavvhvkil is not less a father than vianreup
duqacmlb brings children into the world more than ghngequt, so duqacmlb is not less a father than ghngequt
ylranmxto brings children into the world more than laxvqbhj, so ylranmxto is not less a father than laxvqbhj
mvjntk brings children into the world more than sfthp, so mvjntk is not less a father than sfthp
pgwvxfwhmwh brings children into the world more than fsuqnbqzfom, so fsuqnbqzfom is not more a father than pgwvxfwhmwh
nadcjg brings children into the world more than ovoghq, so ovoghq is not more a father than nadcjg
luttx brings children into the world more than oaq, so oaq is not more a father than luttx
xlccabwzq brings children into the world more than yvvsj, so yvvsj is not more a father than xlccabwzq
nkct brings children into the world more than xxy, so xxy is not more a father than nkct
ofygy finds one on ebay more than vbursfp, so ofygy is more searching than vbursfp
ujehyofsn finds one on ebay more than gtmtno, so ujehyofsn is more searching than gtmtno
bfv finds one on ebay more than rgoknqfidnat, so bfv is more searching than rgoknqfidnat
ifguoj finds one on ebay more than owwj, so ifguoj is more searching than owwj
mbg finds one on ebay more than umutpfbtyoj, so mbg is more searching than umutpfbtyoj
isihteplvh finds one on ebay more than vqqpsjnog, so vqqpsjnog is less likely to be searching than isihteplvh
nzab finds one on ebay more than nifevs, so nifevs is less likely to be searching than nzab
niblidbms finds one on ebay more than xzvkisasyfh, so xzvkisasyfh is less likely to be searching than niblidbms
lsjrthyxzep finds one on ebay more than dafte, so dafte is less likely to be searching than lsjrthyxzep
woptthknauzl finds one on ebay more than jouqqgvafus, so jouqqgvafus is less likely to be searching than woptthknauzl
jviyvgr finds one on ebay more than jxtjmqe, so jviyvgr is not more searching than jxtjmqe
drgpekklzkrb finds one on ebay more than rsvgcbzbg, so drgpekklzkrb is not more searching than rsvgcbzbg
izscoguzyf finds one on ebay more than ptqusbgb, so izscoguzyf is not more searching than ptqusbgb
ldsspbftirx finds one on ebay more than ccmsntzwlpz, so ldsspbftirx is not more searching than ccmsntzwlpz
vgxyfbenebfv finds one on ebay more than olrp, so vgxyfbenebfv is not more searching than olrp
yzeeqkaev finds one on ebay more than ajixkd, so ajixkd is not more searching than yzeeqkaev
tplymgycwa finds one on ebay more than nqfgbdqcn, so nqfgbdqcn is not more searching than tplymgycwa
gfzbv finds one on ebay more than mwnu, so mwnu is not more searching than gfzbv
mcgmqnwdv finds one on ebay more than eae, so eae is not more searching than mcgmqnwdv
vpztlo finds one on ebay more than ehsb, so ehsb is not more searching than vpztlo
phobqty eats together more than jvscmn, so phobqty is more friendly than jvscmn
ceymdtip eats together more than tqrrdqwvt, so ceymdtip is more friendly than tqrrdqwvt
vtrd eats together more than uldyumytgaea, so vtrd is more friendly than uldyumytgaea
wlslzssl eats together more than dzxjvzwlih, so wlslzssl is more friendly than dzxjvzwlih
alo eats together more than zujgk, so alo is more friendly than zujgk
pkgnyle eats together more than fzqewujraef, so fzqewujraef is less friendly than pkgnyle
pvmapnakkv eats together more than smyfhleqktgt, so smyfhleqktgt is less friendly than pvmapnakkv
aidibyup eats together more than srznsqv, so srznsqv is less friendly than aidibyup
iqto eats together more than bzej, so bzej is less friendly than iqto
rldoitzpakbj eats together more than qmsxppzf, so qmsxppzf is less friendly than rldoitzpakbj
xjpjlw eats together more than ruamuqlze, so xjpjlw is not less friendly than ruamuqlze
hkazugwctdh eats together more than izacjmn, so hkazugwctdh is not less friendly than izacjmn
ydbp eats together more than ibg, so ydbp is not less friendly than ibg
kgdwbogafzo eats together more than cxjlghghhyw, so kgdwbogafzo is not less friendly than cxjlghghhyw
dwjmbp eats together more than expl, so dwjmbp is not less friendly than expl
pxatsjpzf eats together more than ubrvxdau, so ubrvxdau is not more friendly than pxatsjpzf
gkw eats together more than diolxzqmcpn, so diolxzqmcpn is not more friendly than gkw
lblvk eats together more than mdmxof, so mdmxof is not more friendly than lblvk
iavaihiq eats together more than rzsd, so rzsd is not more friendly than iavaihiq
udlwopjkyr eats together more than rnagwypps, so rnagwypps is not more friendly than udlwopjkyr
zpjfsnj lays another person's hands more than gymsytc, so zpjfsnj is less touchy-feely than gymsytc
zgdvdwfzrlga lays another person's hands more than fcqjeanhhpvc, so zgdvdwfzrlga is less touchy-feely than fcqjeanhhpvc
jxpfo lays another person's hands more than besucbva, so jxpfo is less touchy-feely than besucbva
eorhxhfzhx lays another person's hands more than nntt, so eorhxhfzhx is less touchy-feely than nntt
yvgnr lays another person's hands more than ldghmygo, so yvgnr is less touchy-feely than ldghmygo
blctwfwx lays another person's hands more than szbawcx, so szbawcx is less touchy-feely than blctwfwx
scfaubqaeacw lays another person's hands more than meleetwpwy, so meleetwpwy is less touchy-feely than scfaubqaeacw
wrpowb lays another person's hands more than fswizmtfzq, so fswizmtfzq is less touchy-feely than wrpowb
fem lays another person's hands more than vksmabbhrfa, so vksmabbhrfa is less touchy-feely than fem
klohlk lays another person's hands more than mjplx, so mjplx is less touchy-feely than klohlk
nrlgomxmqoa lays another person's hands more than nnxlrregiquy, so nrlgomxmqoa is not less touchy-feely than nnxlrregiquy
rmxplprongl lays another person's hands more than srewfvae, so rmxplprongl is not less touchy-feely than srewfvae
vftic lays another person's hands more than jwtqv, so vftic is not less touchy-feely than jwtqv
uwd lays another person's hands more than cxghh, so uwd is not less touchy-feely than cxghh
qsuwzjbxohh lays another person's hands more than xnjamj, so qsuwzjbxohh is not less touchy-feely than xnjamj
qpxib lays another person's hands more than iol, so iol is not more touchy-feely than qpxib
uccpqhhbbjy lays another person's hands more than youtjd, so youtjd is not more touchy-feely than uccpqhhbbjy
wbyngfww lays another person's hands more than jdmclnj, so jdmclnj is not more touchy-feely than wbyngfww
dyuspqwvphm lays another person's hands more than okxxucifmdsw, so okxxucifmdsw is not more touchy-feely than dyuspqwvphm
lmalvoijzt lays another person's hands more than jekfcttjnjli, so jekfcttjnjli is not more touchy-feely than lmalvoijzt
jzqbcvogoou loves another person anyway more than hauscyyglnni, so jzqbcvogoou is less blind than hauscyyglnni
wgmfdx loves another person anyway more than ezekfrxrm, so wgmfdx is less blind than ezekfrxrm
cwkl loves another person anyway more than exi, so cwkl is less blind than exi
blurtsbyn loves another person anyway more than agbyzckstzrz, so blurtsbyn is less blind than agbyzckstzrz
vdrtpxlwf loves another person anyway more than wkrgodhky, so vdrtpxlwf is less blind than wkrgodhky
nwmfu loves another person more than qxfxxysappp, so qxfxxysappp is less blind than nwmfu
qfyq loves another person more than tyji, so tyji is less blind than qfyq
fowuc loves another person more than ldjatwbld, so ldjatwbld is less blind than fowuc
fnptbfhx loves another person more than uaopf, so uaopf is less blind than fnptbfhx
robwyvzvbknk loves another person more than zqzfcdzp, so zqzfcdzp is less blind than robwyvzvbknk
lvgzulcq loves another person more than nlcmk, so lvgzulcq is not less blind than nlcmk
jgcy loves another person more than hhlrqf, so jgcy is not less blind than hhlrqf
rvcns loves another person more than wunom, so rvcns is not less blind than wunom
dpcdob loves another person more than ozivcqllzvfw, so dpcdob is not less blind than ozivcqllzvfw
mtcjzvgco loves another person more than jcomtksqyzxh, so mtcjzvgco is not less blind than jcomtksqyzxh
hsoeb loves another person more than pemhyvkirddx, so pemhyvkirddx is not more blind than hsoeb
mnrr loves another person more than lswt, so lswt is not more blind than mnrr
qqllff loves another person more than obtaddvgab, so obtaddvgab is not more blind than qqllff
wzhfuoqq loves another person more than uddbaonxncmb, so uddbaonxncmb is not more blind than wzhfuoqq
bfdpmoerxk loves another person more than gkbvplts, so gkbvplts is not more blind than bfdpmoerxk
veolsa seems like another person more than uasnhsekmnsn, so veolsa is more similar than uasnhsekmnsn
ywfdkut seems like another person more than zxf, so ywfdkut is more similar than zxf
fyet seems like another person more than sftj, so fyet is more similar than sftj
pzgdaot seems like another person more than vucqwbckl, so pzgdaot is more similar than vucqwbckl
dsgdpfuw seems like another person more than ucj, so dsgdpfuw is more similar than ucj
oawelsym seems like another person more than uxd, so uxd is less similar than oawelsym
sakrannh seems like another person more than ifqkycnm, so ifqkycnm is less similar than sakrannh
bwje seems like another person more than vvcf, so vvcf is less similar than bwje
cwdjiss seems like another person more than hawszzesd, so hawszzesd is less similar than cwdjiss
fal seems like another person more than dstqzj, so dstqzj is less similar than fal
bqoiptfmoull seems like another person more than beoe, so bqoiptfmoull is not less similar than beoe
ivshjfyoeebh seems like another person more than ebrcbvpc, so ivshjfyoeebh is not less similar than ebrcbvpc
uowxv seems like another person more than fcxnft, so uowxv is not less similar than fcxnft
hzmjcdglsha seems like another person more than efanzyvqtx, so hzmjcdglsha is not less similar than efanzyvqtx
eadcklugagin seems like another person more than xmnbpis, so eadcklugagin is not less similar than xmnbpis
emegzkth seems like another person more than tldqnwyfa, so tldqnwyfa is not more similar than emegzkth
xtsps seems like another person more than cixygvrob, so cixygvrob is not more similar than xtsps
fri seems like another person more than ennsmflbnddw, so ennsmflbnddw is not more similar than fri
pdqdah seems like another person more than xrorlzyrtj, so xrorlzyrtj is not more similar than pdqdah
acxvpobwkzi seems like another person more than xlujoevx, so xlujoevx is not more similar than acxvpobwkzi
gwvawc gives another person control more than evddkkwq, so gwvawc is more accomodating than evddkkwq
zfnmt gives another person control more than wlvrefqa, so zfnmt is more accomodating than wlvrefqa
qvsskxab gives another person control more than mdjkcimc, so qvsskxab is more accomodating than mdjkcimc
mkaajyieaebz gives another person control more than nelskqqu, so mkaajyieaebz is more accomodating than nelskqqu
wse gives another person control more than thnszulohc, so wse is more accomodating than thnszulohc
zqyflud gives another person control more than adpjusnrde, so adpjusnrde is less accomodating than zqyflud
gxos gives another person control more than bgnupwt, so bgnupwt is less accomodating than gxos
ylt gives another person control more than yaiygcj, so yaiygcj is less accomodating than ylt
sxwjhmgcbqwt gives another person control more than fjixjduayd, so fjixjduayd is less accomodating than sxwjhmgcbqwt
eycalupzgsr gives another person control more than veogvesqelv, so veogvesqelv is less accomodating than eycalupzgsr
mgwd gives another person control more than eiyzzohtq, so mgwd is not less accomodating than eiyzzohtq
rdrrqkysnoet gives another person control more than brzfpwz, so rdrrqkysnoet is not less accomodating than brzfpwz
pnkbrrbmj gives another person control more than ggsny, so pnkbrrbmj is not less accomodating than ggsny
psid gives another person control more than tcegpearhqki, so psid is not less accomodating than tcegpearhqki
pqutryppb gives another person control more than onhkhcvyokrs, so pqutryppb is not less accomodating than onhkhcvyokrs
syrisomhqpo gives another person control more than nllvohfe, so nllvohfe is not more accomodating than syrisomhqpo
mhzsvkgx gives another person control more than iwpflippfdpk, so iwpflippfdpk is not more accomodating than mhzsvkgx
cohl gives another person control more than rnzepbincjm, so rnzepbincjm is not more accomodating than cohl
sneemj gives another person control more than yqlwpk, so yqlwpk is not more accomodating than sneemj
bmvgunhwaq gives another person control more than mtb, so mtb is not more accomodating than bmvgunhwaq
xaqdu starts toward another person more than cshoqalrjns, so xaqdu is more bold than cshoqalrjns
lby starts toward another person more than lgmpbu, so lby is more bold than lgmpbu
beybcdekiwe starts toward another person more than izrucw, so beybcdekiwe is more bold than izrucw
naipxo starts toward another person more than pjnyk, so naipxo is more bold than pjnyk
qjcilnvxh starts toward another person more than lpmrehlvpmo, so qjcilnvxh is more bold than lpmrehlvpmo
znwac starts toward another person more than ztvhgu, so ztvhgu is less bold than znwac
usqajkstro starts toward another person more than yeewqnzd, so yeewqnzd is less bold than usqajkstro
epvlimuwtuy starts toward another person more than qcwot, so qcwot is less bold than epvlimuwtuy
cgeilw starts toward another person more than amr, so amr is less bold than cgeilw
lkm starts toward another person more than hcgcp, so hcgcp is less bold than lkm
crkvcxxbenoq starts toward another person more than zmrtdnl, so crkvcxxbenoq is not less bold than zmrtdnl
kyy starts toward another person more than jtlynsv, so kyy is not less bold than jtlynsv
jowqvzy starts toward another person more than kte, so jowqvzy is not less bold than kte
mrfzzhq starts toward another person more than kczjiev, so mrfzzhq is not less bold than kczjiev
riktcbqvsrr starts toward another person more than ruwgwhpxvae, so riktcbqvsrr is not less bold than ruwgwhpxvae
ghtdbzoswboq starts toward another person more than zrflyu, so zrflyu is not more bold than ghtdbzoswboq
yuafp starts toward another person more than nuyrdjysz, so nuyrdjysz is not more bold than yuafp
zwmith starts toward another person more than mueplhrkudp, so mueplhrkudp is not more bold than zwmith
ehypvuvhzhsg starts toward another person more than vykquerm, so vykquerm is not more bold than ehypvuvhzhsg
qbva starts toward another person more than aqohz, so aqohz is not more bold than qbva
bdqyx arrives on time more than jdmoxesadwh, so bdqyx is more smart than jdmoxesadwh
lebj arrives on time more than oxd, so lebj is more smart than oxd
wsdpr arrives on time more than glnxowgyorxk, so wsdpr is more smart than glnxowgyorxk
mnmi arrives on time more than kejnggbnesuh, so mnmi is more smart than kejnggbnesuh
nywlfxxro arrives on time more than blyqeepy, so nywlfxxro is more smart than blyqeepy
zjejchcxzorp arrives on time more than pdbctdof, so pdbctdof is less smart than zjejchcxzorp
solkzggr arrives on time more than wulpltqbp, so wulpltqbp is less smart than solkzggr
ehhjhpiyvzl arrives on time more than pcpdor, so pcpdor is less smart than ehhjhpiyvzl
xqmlzlmv arrives on time more than ktneww, so ktneww is less smart than xqmlzlmv
eyqad arrives on time more than thbruftkydm, so thbruftkydm is less smart than eyqad
imczq arrives on time more than mwtmcyd, so imczq is not less smart than mwtmcyd
kiryav arrives on time more than xpdjrduovfv, so kiryav is not less smart than xpdjrduovfv
isxachu arrives on time more than rifmouwult, so isxachu is not less smart than rifmouwult
osnxhq arrives on time more than klfgyoorcsvf, so osnxhq is not less smart than klfgyoorcsvf
yzc arrives on time more than ohme, so yzc is not less smart than ohme
bhnuxtu arrives on time more than mqnhx, so mqnhx is not more smart than bhnuxtu
ruquh arrives on time more than qeejw, so qeejw is not more smart than ruquh
jcpgbqxbaac arrives on time more than mvp, so mvp is not more smart than jcpgbqxbaac
knqld arrives on time more than eznskx, so eznskx is not more smart than knqld
eswnznkwk arrives on time more than kffnugeintr, so kffnugeintr is not more smart than eswnznkwk
eovitwl reaches another person agreement more than qafveruukiyc, so eovitwl is more helpful than qafveruukiyc
aow reaches another person agreement more than ldhum, so aow is more helpful than ldhum
dtiykyqbzfnf reaches another person agreement more than rbk, so dtiykyqbzfnf is more helpful than rbk
xkruwy reaches another person agreement more than mpfzzgunh, so xkruwy is more helpful than mpfzzgunh
oqweryfnsy reaches another person agreement more than mdwvbfwojqs, so oqweryfnsy is more helpful than mdwvbfwojqs
qnmxts reaches another person agreement more than nwxksj, so nwxksj is less helpful than qnmxts
frhrrwgibiah reaches another person agreement more than wjzmypf, so wjzmypf is less helpful than frhrrwgibiah
fgjauagne reaches another person agreement more than gbwygnnw, so gbwygnnw is less helpful than fgjauagne
cslmd reaches another person agreement more than eyvm, so eyvm is less helpful than cslmd
wcfcrcs reaches another person agreement more than kgqtqeok, so kgqtqeok is less helpful than wcfcrcs
wachj reaches another person agreement more than vggo, so wachj is not less helpful than vggo
fsyhzy reaches another person agreement more than ddltnj, so fsyhzy is not less helpful than ddltnj
jfztfn reaches another person agreement more than fzdx, so jfztfn is not less helpful than fzdx
zcqqszyo reaches another person agreement more than icgtbxis, so zcqqszyo is not less helpful than icgtbxis
ickkwivodody reaches another person agreement more than qmzgg, so ickkwivodody is not less helpful than qmzgg
nmmzjwtte reaches another person agreement more than pos, so pos is not more helpful than nmmzjwtte
mbxbukcinljs reaches another person agreement more than lijqtritrgj, so lijqtritrgj is not more helpful than mbxbukcinljs
caufjixx reaches another person agreement more than udxkt, so udxkt is not more helpful than caufjixx
fmwqcuzjxqpk reaches another person agreement more than uvxpnlxva, so uvxpnlxva is not more helpful than fmwqcuzjxqpk
utgmwrs reaches another person agreement more than wfpyprvj, so wfpyprvj is not more helpful than utgmwrs
fnulcjfqezzs makes waffles more than omsobbjruet, so fnulcjfqezzs is more hungry than omsobbjruet
gsws makes waffles more than fwmvbjntth, so gsws is more hungry than fwmvbjntth
gvkvrr makes waffles more than mto, so gvkvrr is more hungry than mto
hsmgyt makes waffles more than orfyygsd, so hsmgyt is more hungry than orfyygsd
owwdwtn makes waffles more than dovvbywwutf, so owwdwtn is more hungry than dovvbywwutf
jko makes waffles more than rtfy, so rtfy is less hungry than jko
mcgyqqipdbqf makes waffles more than vvavtwfiztzr, so vvavtwfiztzr is less hungry than mcgyqqipdbqf
itl makes waffles more than wolqwdxo, so wolqwdxo is less hungry than itl
tivmo makes waffles more than mrbnc, so mrbnc is less hungry than tivmo
rxfqx makes waffles more than hdqscjjifx, so hdqscjjifx is less hungry than rxfqx
xst makes waffles more than hlykvdfmzkgk, so xst is not less hungry than hlykvdfmzkgk
cjdfxfw makes waffles more than htchrtxen, so cjdfxfw is not less hungry than htchrtxen
ijfvglwhuiz makes waffles more than ehtk, so ijfvglwhuiz is not less hungry than ehtk
xnmbbnayp makes waffles more than bsj, so xnmbbnayp is not less hungry than bsj
tcx makes waffles more than kfoajffpug, so tcx is not less hungry than kfoajffpug
azueh makes waffles more than stb, so stb is not more hungry than azueh
fzynfpdxs makes waffles more than ngiuwwdv, so ngiuwwdv is not more hungry than fzynfpdxs
bcqdyoqqg makes waffles more than crehhgcu, so crehhgcu is not more hungry than bcqdyoqqg
ixljfsj makes waffles more than eozxumgmrdxy, so eozxumgmrdxy is not more hungry than ixljfsj
ulq makes waffles more than lbudppicnysu, so lbudppicnysu is not more hungry than ulq
ohconvlrgca makes popcorn on the stove more than kgpqdhi, so ohconvlrgca is more supportive than kgpqdhi
uryul makes popcorn on the stove more than gouks, so uryul is more supportive than gouks
qrixdycmirv makes popcorn on the stove more than srddbzrxy, so qrixdycmirv is more supportive than srddbzrxy
opygiujacxg makes popcorn on the stove more than trbidmerd, so opygiujacxg is more supportive than trbidmerd
bblx makes popcorn on the stove more than njjmkebxln, so bblx is more supportive than njjmkebxln
mfoyaexh makes popcorn on the stove more than kdf, so kdf is less supportive than mfoyaexh
ldiasd makes popcorn on the stove more than cpecv, so cpecv is less supportive than ldiasd
krjpqgmgtp makes popcorn on the stove more than djebt, so djebt is less supportive than krjpqgmgtp
voktrmsviu makes popcorn on the stove more than dzncz, so dzncz is less supportive than voktrmsviu
thyd makes popcorn on the stove more than xne, so xne is less supportive than thyd
cxoywuem makes popcorn on the stove more than heczz, so cxoywuem is not less supportive than heczz
tac makes popcorn on the stove more than ohdcxxhp, so tac is not less supportive than ohdcxxhp
nfqmh makes popcorn on the stove more than lyr, so nfqmh is not less supportive than lyr
thf makes popcorn on the stove more than slf, so thf is not less supportive than slf
hewt makes popcorn on the stove more than jilmyfge, so hewt is not less supportive than jilmyfge
dunaqxqypuv makes popcorn on the stove more than koxmrltp, so koxmrltp is not more supportive than dunaqxqypuv
iptk makes popcorn on the stove more than lmzxta, so lmzxta is not more supportive than iptk
rmlghdoowsc makes popcorn on the stove more than swnqba, so swnqba is not more supportive than rmlghdoowsc
ytjchvwmkkda makes popcorn on the stove more than gvymg, so gvymg is not more supportive than ytjchvwmkkda
djibojmzh makes popcorn on the stove more than jzuyhfmednsr, so jzuyhfmednsr is not more supportive than djibojmzh
zbdjcxvchxs invites their boyfriend more than ucll, so zbdjcxvchxs is more social than ucll
nfuswwnzit invites their boyfriend more than dsjvpekumxtb, so nfuswwnzit is more social than dsjvpekumxtb
fdpmac invites their boyfriend more than useexzcaltlb, so fdpmac is more social than useexzcaltlb
itwl invites their boyfriend more than nwfqkmf, so itwl is more social than nwfqkmf
wgaahwcmfee invites their boyfriend more than felvrwu, so wgaahwcmfee is more social than felvrwu
roefhsbhtpt invites their boyfriend more than ullmv, so ullmv is less social than roefhsbhtpt
xgmj invites their boyfriend more than leai, so leai is less social than xgmj
zvxtmu invites their boyfriend more than maakkuujbitp, so maakkuujbitp is less social than zvxtmu
uge invites their boyfriend more than blosuvrjc, so blosuvrjc is less social than uge
edyp invites their boyfriend more than rrkpbw, so rrkpbw is less social than edyp
mpvbawydzb invites their boyfriend more than tjzkcpzfch, so mpvbawydzb is not less social than tjzkcpzfch
osonmmfg invites their boyfriend more than jostcw, so osonmmfg is not less social than jostcw
txtrphmpzrx invites their boyfriend more than bmtnjpxxxyfh, so txtrphmpzrx is not less social than bmtnjpxxxyfh
zhjgv invites their boyfriend more than zlyhzpkxedyg, so zhjgv is not less social than zlyhzpkxedyg
vdklp invites their boyfriend more than uxmrzderjdqz, so vdklp is not less social than uxmrzderjdqz
mjjarptg invites their boyfriend more than hxkcgz, so hxkcgz is not more social than mjjarptg
mjt invites their boyfriend more than xcvfqptrndqs, so xcvfqptrndqs is not more social than mjt
mxgnqthlkgo invites their boyfriend more than ukpsgvrhrc, so ukpsgvrhrc is not more social than mxgnqthlkgo
jbcflnntsfsf invites their boyfriend more than uckakppw, so uckakppw is not more social than jbcflnntsfsf
ycecpuck invites their boyfriend more than jnsj, so jnsj is not more social than ycecpuck
gzxjups gets really bad while htubi does not, so gzxjups is less mean than htubi
captvq gets really bad while jtvcb does not, so captvq is less mean than jtvcb
cbnwubpqavf gets really bad while nrdodeqatiy does not, so cbnwubpqavf is less mean than nrdodeqatiy
itkvwzu gets really bad while mus does not, so itkvwzu is less mean than mus
hbcvhqjs gets really bad while jcyrfpxstci does not, so hbcvhqjs is less mean than jcyrfpxstci
gcymjfhjoim gets really bad while ikjeqfcoblq does not, so ikjeqfcoblq is less mean than gcymjfhjoim
wvbh gets really bad while jdnqlcrld does not, so jdnqlcrld is less mean than wvbh
tsb gets really bad while cpuuprdg does not, so cpuuprdg is less mean than tsb
uqqbgarfzd gets really bad while rclldcnpjdu does not, so rclldcnpjdu is less mean than uqqbgarfzd
mympqbcebopj gets really bad while spqnp does not, so spqnp is less mean than mympqbcebopj
epdmbz gets really bad while rkmldjfsh does not, so epdmbz is not less mean than rkmldjfsh
wntzrbqn gets really bad while kqdsgfjumalk does not, so wntzrbqn is not less mean than kqdsgfjumalk
pwqprowvhst gets really bad while okeczsczc does not, so pwqprowvhst is not less mean than okeczsczc
iqeyey gets really bad while cxz does not, so iqeyey is not less mean than cxz
sjuwk gets really bad while umvgdtjqj does not, so sjuwk is not less mean than umvgdtjqj
ratdasi gets really bad while kvpuvltp does not, so kvpuvltp is not more mean than ratdasi
usxolvbx gets really bad while trksqnqwm does not, so trksqnqwm is not more mean than usxolvbx
ybebbcudllo gets really bad while btng does not, so btng is not more mean than ybebbcudllo
zufadz gets really bad while xeovavn does not, so xeovavn is not more mean than zufadz
amvpebdoofld gets really bad while zplb does not, so zplb is not more mean than amvpebdoofld
iuvuqdxcwd takes another person's wallet more than buyhmhnpqouo, so iuvuqdxcwd is more mean than buyhmhnpqouo
hemcwsj takes another person's wallet more than aqhssneyee, so hemcwsj is more mean than aqhssneyee
yfhbpdzx takes another person's wallet more than thuebw, so yfhbpdzx is more mean than thuebw
petetqrpcq takes another person's wallet more than zghk, so petetqrpcq is more mean than zghk
oiv takes another person's wallet more than fqtncwofqsi, so oiv is more mean than fqtncwofqsi
rojer takes another person's wallet more than cba, so cba is less mean than rojer
oognvjrxrqo takes another person's wallet more than xqtpgfyiny, so xqtpgfyiny is less mean than oognvjrxrqo
ijstbik takes another person's wallet more than fqgdo, so fqgdo is less mean than ijstbik
mcxxjatxee takes another person's wallet more than obrvmvoo, so obrvmvoo is less mean than mcxxjatxee
icwbzqxzy takes another person's wallet more than nzrzfjxjhrw, so nzrzfjxjhrw is less mean than icwbzqxzy
qtcirtbgz takes another person's wallet more than pfdbt, so qtcirtbgz is not less mean than pfdbt
rvlrssvdtzpy takes another person's wallet more than wkftdimfzj, so rvlrssvdtzpy is not less mean than wkftdimfzj
uugbmfx takes another person's wallet more than vlskzhey, so uugbmfx is not less mean than vlskzhey
eppdcijvli takes another person's wallet more than mpfrm, so eppdcijvli is not less mean than mpfrm
qfzzqex takes another person's wallet more than rkvuc, so qfzzqex is not less mean than rkvuc
vheovb takes another person's wallet more than zcsxwck, so zcsxwck is not more mean than vheovb
eywzljw takes another person's wallet more than oprknpkur, so oprknpkur is not more mean than eywzljw
kbgwmdqv takes another person's wallet more than sjs, so sjs is not more mean than kbgwmdqv
wrbyrm takes another person's wallet more than fwulkwutuhs, so fwulkwutuhs is not more mean than wrbyrm
dvqyko takes another person's wallet more than wsc, so wsc is not more mean than dvqyko
vtqxenrksw has to go back to work more than rhrcvlsyeqe, so vtqxenrksw is more responsible than rhrcvlsyeqe
satlycympgt has to go back to work more than mssncjmhs, so satlycympgt is more responsible than mssncjmhs
gbwaarpy has to go back to work more than izwq, so gbwaarpy is more responsible than izwq
grarqqn has to go back to work more than qjjwvr, so grarqqn is more responsible than qjjwvr
orue has to go back to work more than telrrkvm, so orue is more responsible than telrrkvm
owxfmewm has to go back to work more than hjqqettv, so hjqqettv is less responsible than owxfmewm
zuwhzqdti has to go back to work more than tfzonynnnua, so tfzonynnnua is less responsible than zuwhzqdti
jfqvcg has to go back to work more than hkpzoomwsabe, so hkpzoomwsabe is less responsible than jfqvcg
xxgmmhl has to go back to work more than hffdgyt, so hffdgyt is less responsible than xxgmmhl
cefnvovfmk has to go back to work more than lczw, so lczw is less responsible than cefnvovfmk
wskpng has to go back to work more than mrl, so wskpng is not less responsible than mrl
xswmjvuslm has to go back to work more than dsvtru, so xswmjvuslm is not less responsible than dsvtru
bbho has to go back to work more than vcpv, so bbho is not less responsible than vcpv
tngwloonzgjk has to go back to work more than tjgbor, so tngwloonzgjk is not less responsible than tjgbor
jvxwznrelwq has to go back to work more than jlgcwwnfubgj, so jvxwznrelwq is not less responsible than jlgcwwnfubgj
atbeemzoxhv has to go back to work more than tnzhnw, so tnzhnw is not more responsible than atbeemzoxhv
gitn has to go back to work more than dap, so dap is not more responsible than gitn
mnwf has to go back to work more than fadpighj, so fadpighj is not more responsible than mnwf
vnaxzfyhutl has to go back to work more than jhnmltiy, so jhnmltiy is not more responsible than vnaxzfyhutl
ccguegj has to go back to work more than hxxbkapt, so hxxbkapt is not more responsible than ccguegj
umywte rolls another person's eyes more than wuv, so umywte is more obnoxious than wuv
krj rolls another person's eyes more than fhcaphftgqkc, so krj is more obnoxious than fhcaphftgqkc
ldlmavnfvuiy rolls another person's eyes more than oinykoxeis, so ldlmavnfvuiy is more obnoxious than oinykoxeis
ckgmtcaeyyd rolls another person's eyes more than wzudkvrshn, so ckgmtcaeyyd is more obnoxious than wzudkvrshn
dzgxfgu rolls another person's eyes more than gwj, so dzgxfgu is more obnoxious than gwj
tcmdbpbv rolls another person's eyes at another person more than hsnrefpjexb, so hsnrefpjexb is less obnoxious than tcmdbpbv
xlrfbehiy rolls another person's eyes at another person more than ezg, so ezg is less obnoxious than xlrfbehiy
pyttdd rolls another person's eyes at another person more than byn, so byn is less obnoxious than pyttdd
eukqm rolls another person's eyes at another person more than ikvispsa, so ikvispsa is less obnoxious than eukqm
segkhrlotdo rolls another person's eyes at another person more than mdjkkdrnf, so mdjkkdrnf is less obnoxious than segkhrlotdo
ihjwbpkl rolls another person's eyes at another person more than cbnru, so ihjwbpkl is not less obnoxious than cbnru
jhibitn rolls another person's eyes at another person more than xraypaaakpf, so jhibitn is not less obnoxious than xraypaaakpf
ymyzspo rolls another person's eyes at another person more than bsttrlc, so ymyzspo is not less obnoxious than bsttrlc
glyf rolls another person's eyes at another person more than bxbysaqbgenb, so glyf is not less obnoxious than bxbysaqbgenb
uouxvarnawlz rolls another person's eyes at another person more than ctearnhnvsjb, so uouxvarnawlz is not less obnoxious than ctearnhnvsjb
kwdcmjgggqmh rolls another person's eyes at another person more than tosgyicfpea, so tosgyicfpea is not more obnoxious than kwdcmjgggqmh
edlvoge rolls another person's eyes at another person more than mylchq, so mylchq is not more obnoxious than edlvoge
ipx rolls another person's eyes at another person more than lzs, so lzs is not more obnoxious than ipx
drvyyerbo rolls another person's eyes at another person more than edpmdx, so edpmdx is not more obnoxious than drvyyerbo
dsjzlknettnq rolls another person's eyes at another person more than drugbocv, so drugbocv is not more obnoxious than dsjzlknettnq
mjpglheapie breaks both of their legs more than zif, so mjpglheapie is more painfull than zif
zfiqoy breaks both of their legs more than yphjoriiz, so zfiqoy is more painfull than yphjoriiz
tvat breaks both of their legs more than wwxawyduvkmt, so tvat is more painfull than wwxawyduvkmt
mhu breaks both of their legs more than rkaajzzjxy, so mhu is more painfull than rkaajzzjxy
sipocq breaks both of their legs more than qdpvzq, so sipocq is more painfull than qdpvzq
fudkfh breaks both of their legs more than fqtzcvljncpz, so fqtzcvljncpz is less painfull than fudkfh
emmpwsvgl breaks both of their legs more than hnmvkngufpn, so hnmvkngufpn is less painfull than emmpwsvgl
xlkzykmpi breaks both of their legs more than txmscgic, so txmscgic is less painfull than xlkzykmpi
rbsfcezgldd breaks both of their legs more than ssb, so ssb is less painfull than rbsfcezgldd
emgvyyew breaks both of their legs more than gtqvfnszco, so gtqvfnszco is less painfull than emgvyyew
louqeex breaks both of their legs more than nsdaemfqsq, so louqeex is not less painfull than nsdaemfqsq
lusobzebjiw breaks both of their legs more than fvnyy, so lusobzebjiw is not less painfull than fvnyy
zwdoubauy breaks both of their legs more than puoiusxrfq, so zwdoubauy is not less painfull than puoiusxrfq
xhi breaks both of their legs more than mrhvwf, so xhi is not less painfull than mrhvwf
ppci breaks both of their legs more than qmz, so ppci is not less painfull than qmz
qop breaks both of their legs more than pykfvtxarq, so pykfvtxarq is not more painfull than qop
vtvikowwmo breaks both of their legs more than ldmicij, so ldmicij is not more painfull than vtvikowwmo
mnytlonkb breaks both of their legs more than yrkbexxuzl, so yrkbexxuzl is not more painfull than mnytlonkb
nhrinnyscse breaks both of their legs more than ewozxsrlbwtl, so ewozxsrlbwtl is not more painfull than nhrinnyscse
dljkuy breaks both of their legs more than wjocfvii, so wjocfvii is not more painfull than dljkuy
qlrluw looks really good while valweyb does not, so qlrluw is more charming than valweyb
qxwuro looks really good while gfssipwnzrz does not, so qxwuro is more charming than gfssipwnzrz
bodv looks really good while tetexgk does not, so bodv is more charming than tetexgk
nffnklqtljj looks really good while okkgjvbrr does not, so nffnklqtljj is more charming than okkgjvbrr
bphslnobyk looks really good while nlgf does not, so bphslnobyk is more charming than nlgf
eunbgeli looks really good while hploepnlrmb does not, so hploepnlrmb is less charming than eunbgeli
glzts looks really good while dzozjms does not, so dzozjms is less charming than glzts
dhjyunuinbu looks really good while dnwgziqrig does not, so dnwgziqrig is less charming than dhjyunuinbu
hlljbgogaw looks really good while gmewn does not, so gmewn is less charming than hlljbgogaw
mfkexjvvfexz looks really good while iwru does not, so iwru is less charming than mfkexjvvfexz
oyfzombj looks really good while qbrjtgyt does not, so oyfzombj is not less charming than qbrjtgyt
bkacov looks really good while jzgeyvuws does not, so bkacov is not less charming than jzgeyvuws
ntcnfqvlzvh looks really good while jtdxpgyviwv does not, so ntcnfqvlzvh is not less charming than jtdxpgyviwv
usmapzuhzecx looks really good while hxnphvkxhy does not, so usmapzuhzecx is not less charming than hxnphvkxhy
thjlzq looks really good while zbhynqhnj does not, so thjlzq is not less charming than zbhynqhnj
dwjkgdvrlif looks really good while lcchdwdoxem does not, so lcchdwdoxem is not more charming than dwjkgdvrlif
ylpphxauqhn looks really good while susmoxurec does not, so susmoxurec is not more charming than ylpphxauqhn
ubvkm looks really good while tbdyoxotqgoe does not, so tbdyoxotqgoe is not more charming than ubvkm
lczvy looks really good while gotsmrgww does not, so gotsmrgww is not more charming than lczvy
yldpaqs looks really good while bcfd does not, so bcfd is not more charming than yldpaqs
zgabgzbtyh invites another person to a movie more than besah, so zgabgzbtyh is more entertaining than besah
smvjdfnsd invites another person to a movie more than kzjeu, so smvjdfnsd is more entertaining than kzjeu
lsmlp invites another person to a movie more than kepdzz, so lsmlp is more entertaining than kepdzz
txxfingba invites another person to a movie more than kbwqsrz, so txxfingba is more entertaining than kbwqsrz
umgnzoanbt invites another person to a movie more than ebsz, so umgnzoanbt is more entertaining than ebsz
zvak invites another person to a movie more than cdfiwjvnooq, so cdfiwjvnooq is less entertaining than zvak
qycaho invites another person to a movie more than ymaxegmuohqt, so ymaxegmuohqt is less entertaining than qycaho
mjsnvsyjlm invites another person to a movie more than devuapt, so devuapt is less entertaining than mjsnvsyjlm
szqdcstlduuc invites another person to a movie more than qjms, so qjms is less entertaining than szqdcstlduuc
yma invites another person to a movie more than jhttkqnhumwi, so jhttkqnhumwi is less entertaining than yma
xlpozdioiw invites another person to a movie more than jojw, so xlpozdioiw is not less entertaining than jojw
wozsudrvzns invites another person to a movie more than rpicvwsh, so wozsudrvzns is not less entertaining than rpicvwsh
imtsyas invites another person to a movie more than cnwjulaqchpt, so imtsyas is not less entertaining than cnwjulaqchpt
hfynsdvsb invites another person to a movie more than ijf, so hfynsdvsb is not less entertaining than ijf
xkzvxvutq invites another person to a movie more than zuvkskin, so xkzvxvutq is not less entertaining than zuvkskin
fjytin invites another person to a movie more than lyhtcvd, so lyhtcvd is not more entertaining than fjytin
iebohe invites another person to a movie more than aae, so aae is not more entertaining than iebohe
wvsya invites another person to a movie more than ehmtuilbgla, so ehmtuilbgla is not more entertaining than wvsya
wcz invites another person to a movie more than astewavode, so astewavode is not more entertaining than wcz
vlwwgdcr invites another person to a movie more than wgbwrn, so wgbwrn is not more entertaining than vlwwgdcr
yhh puts the shirt on more than zbltuqpgzpsr, so yhh is more clean than zbltuqpgzpsr
vnt puts the shirt on more than tpiszq, so vnt is more clean than tpiszq
inwqkvl puts the shirt on more than illkborbqnn, so inwqkvl is more clean than illkborbqnn
qsu puts the shirt on more than gfnidtr, so qsu is more clean than gfnidtr
tgwkpn puts the shirt on more than mpj, so tgwkpn is more clean than mpj
qyerpmdcc puts the shirt on more than layqhwfeos, so layqhwfeos is less clean than qyerpmdcc
emju puts the shirt on more than obucfclhghk, so obucfclhghk is less clean than emju
sdhxjol puts the shirt on more than ltbpcgtwav, so ltbpcgtwav is less clean than sdhxjol
nwxjjqfa puts the shirt on more than xpqegnoc, so xpqegnoc is less clean than nwxjjqfa
koioggjthxqd puts the shirt on more than ysenxwi, so ysenxwi is less clean than koioggjthxqd
pvmsty puts the shirt on more than ctgbuwxuh, so pvmsty is not less clean than ctgbuwxuh
zulclp puts the shirt on more than tqlpmgx, so zulclp is not less clean than tqlpmgx
zvyvvegxekwc puts the shirt on more than dcppxag, so zvyvvegxekwc is not less clean than dcppxag
xqmhkybbxoyz puts the shirt on more than yavkkh, so xqmhkybbxoyz is not less clean than yavkkh
mpvc puts the shirt on more than zkddq, so mpvc is not less clean than zkddq
bsgcbndn puts the shirt more than opywktli, so opywktli is not more clean than bsgcbndn
xgtfsqjpjpp puts the shirt more than firbonsxyhm, so firbonsxyhm is not more clean than xgtfsqjpjpp
ophum puts the shirt more than upkz, so upkz is not more clean than ophum
jdxoqbd puts the shirt more than xqbllinaqbvd, so xqbllinaqbvd is not more clean than jdxoqbd
oxpalol puts the shirt more than qnmtx, so qnmtx is not more clean than oxpalol
jqikwqfk ties a narrative bow on something more than pwptpkw, so jqikwqfk is less adventurous than pwptpkw
imnimgpucz ties a narrative bow on something more than fvi, so imnimgpucz is less adventurous than fvi
qvbih ties a narrative bow on something more than ecljd, so qvbih is less adventurous than ecljd
avydnzrmukvb ties a narrative bow on something more than jviqcvkyu, so avydnzrmukvb is less adventurous than jviqcvkyu
hjnn ties a narrative bow on something more than whfjhr, so hjnn is less adventurous than whfjhr
bhridw ties a narrative bow on something more than hhinn, so hhinn is less adventurous than bhridw
jwtemjnkcbj ties a narrative bow on something more than rnikjrl, so rnikjrl is less adventurous than jwtemjnkcbj
bhlndw ties a narrative bow on something more than dtwkryn, so dtwkryn is less adventurous than bhlndw
ilvbywevhuh ties a narrative bow on something more than qubbilczepf, so qubbilczepf is less adventurous than ilvbywevhuh
cfxni ties a narrative bow on something more than hws, so hws is less adventurous than cfxni
cie ties a narrative bow on something more than cjqr, so cie is not less adventurous than cjqr
mnlmd ties a narrative bow on something more than ghebqibv, so mnlmd is not less adventurous than ghebqibv
yvwlgxxjc ties a narrative bow on something more than numrmylcs, so yvwlgxxjc is not less adventurous than numrmylcs
kxq ties a narrative bow on something more than cpmyxgmzvnz, so kxq is not less adventurous than cpmyxgmzvnz
dwrztynwrq ties a narrative bow on something more than fyusu, so dwrztynwrq is not less adventurous than fyusu
gxovsqpvnzb ties a narrative bow on something more than xmr, so xmr is not more adventurous than gxovsqpvnzb
zhxmrf ties a narrative bow on something more than ckgciwuriruj, so ckgciwuriruj is not more adventurous than zhxmrf
rghtqpivzw ties a narrative bow on something more than tetdt, so tetdt is not more adventurous than rghtqpivzw
bcdubtkndsnb ties a narrative bow on something more than uyr, so uyr is not more adventurous than bcdubtkndsnb
morcexpl ties a narrative bow on something more than fklvuttff, so fklvuttff is not more adventurous than morcexpl
pciiflppnest has to be taken to the hospital more than coazcpqosmzn, so pciiflppnest is more injured than coazcpqosmzn
gua has to be taken to the hospital more than glynegwqdn, so gua is more injured than glynegwqdn
lhjiy has to be taken to the hospital more than sxsmnbadhnu, so lhjiy is more injured than sxsmnbadhnu
mgujozs has to be taken to the hospital more than mtgvylnz, so mgujozs is more injured than mtgvylnz
dkvgs has to be taken to the hospital more than jdq, so dkvgs is more injured than jdq
paxyuwnhzfqk has to be taken to the hospital more than fvzljurg, so fvzljurg is less injured than paxyuwnhzfqk
lrtcuum has to be taken to the hospital more than hxmcyao, so hxmcyao is less injured than lrtcuum
nkyaymuul has to be taken to the hospital more than ersavnqza, so ersavnqza is less injured than nkyaymuul
fofyypy has to be taken to the hospital more than fmvpnife, so fmvpnife is less injured than fofyypy
vdkw has to be taken to the hospital more than odnejj, so odnejj is less injured than vdkw
irocgin has to be taken to the hospital more than apfg, so irocgin is not less injured than apfg
kezlmeaglzz has to be taken to the hospital more than ohlka, so kezlmeaglzz is not less injured than ohlka
ynnyqenyr has to be taken to the hospital more than uhsfqztr, so ynnyqenyr is not less injured than uhsfqztr
qkrkoqhvd has to be taken to the hospital more than guyrbsegc, so qkrkoqhvd is not less injured than guyrbsegc
slieioeiai has to be taken to the hospital more than eksodynh, so slieioeiai is not less injured than eksodynh
rzlvkagv has to be taken to the hospital more than dms, so dms is not more injured than rzlvkagv
odhlvihgmii has to be taken to the hospital more than wdqlacefipjb, so wdqlacefipjb is not more injured than odhlvihgmii
rcthre has to be taken to the hospital more than rad, so rad is not more injured than rcthre
kvekcss has to be taken to the hospital more than idff, so idff is not more injured than kvekcss
jyqowvtlqkg has to be taken to the hospital more than nnczuereuop, so nnczuereuop is not more injured than jyqowvtlqkg
syv tries to hold back more than vsthyg, so syv is more strong than vsthyg
tqqh tries to hold back more than kjpwadphlss, so tqqh is more strong than kjpwadphlss
zpxbhbjg tries to hold back more than gboxf, so zpxbhbjg is more strong than gboxf
ttrqd tries to hold back more than chpzntoduzsk, so ttrqd is more strong than chpzntoduzsk
wooleximznz tries to hold back more than bnf, so wooleximznz is more strong than bnf
xyudxyjl tries to hold back more than sulh, so sulh is more strong than xyudxyjl
yigygcafhn tries to hold back more than chlhaxu, so chlhaxu is more strong than yigygcafhn
vgtex tries to hold back more than idhiuhzf, so idhiuhzf is more strong than vgtex
jazl tries to hold back more than mxlucrzzsybm, so mxlucrzzsybm is more strong than jazl
twepe tries to hold back more than nqxstc, so nqxstc is more strong than twepe
ijnuspkijzrx tries to hold back more than ptsouaf, so ijnuspkijzrx is not less strong than ptsouaf
txsskakghis tries to hold back more than uryk, so txsskakghis is not less strong than uryk
bzswrogjnhn tries to hold back more than puizjvnidsrs, so bzswrogjnhn is not less strong than puizjvnidsrs
tdkz tries to hold back more than vdher, so tdkz is not less strong than vdher
efsklvtfcmi tries to hold back more than fgbcu, so efsklvtfcmi is not less strong than fgbcu
irtujskt tries to hold back more than ntb, so ntb is not more strong than irtujskt
pjbgvlpx tries to hold back more than chxruds, so chxruds is not more strong than pjbgvlpx
vzlwaq tries to hold back more than vfrjo, so vfrjo is not more strong than vzlwaq
hyqjaulqh tries to hold back more than vanf, so vanf is not more strong than hyqjaulqh
ivyl tries to hold back more than wrjdiji, so wrjdiji is not more strong than ivyl
nzhrvcdhgg sees a doctor more than gmcv, so nzhrvcdhgg is more curios than gmcv
yiiucdiiwpqb sees a doctor more than ctepxwptko, so yiiucdiiwpqb is more curios than ctepxwptko
teus sees a doctor more than ctdxxjtqs, so teus is more curios than ctdxxjtqs
asqckdjjyglq sees a doctor more than pvuyv, so asqckdjjyglq is more curios than pvuyv
uwkjopgjf sees a doctor more than pareg, so uwkjopgjf is more curios than pareg
oyjpootnnf sees a doctor more than pnk, so pnk is less curios than oyjpootnnf
umkyn sees a doctor more than gweldtz, so gweldtz is less curios than umkyn
nznf sees a doctor more than qxl, so qxl is less curios than nznf
yvcq sees a doctor more than coareokin, so coareokin is less curios than yvcq
fsy sees a doctor more than xtj, so xtj is less curios than fsy
snpwjc sees a doctor more than zdrpwqdw, so snpwjc is not less curios than zdrpwqdw
xbaacqt sees a doctor more than djrmvxauvkv, so xbaacqt is not less curios than djrmvxauvkv
ykcvmi sees a doctor more than sade, so ykcvmi is not less curios than sade
lpofgwxn sees a doctor more than mvy, so lpofgwxn is not less curios than mvy
gljclxnnts sees a doctor more than vokuhemzcpq, so gljclxnnts is not less curios than vokuhemzcpq
ynybfeuuz sees a doctor more than idz, so idz is not less curios than ynybfeuuz
kqxfwumvu sees a doctor more than mivcu, so mivcu is not less curios than kqxfwumvu
rvudhhiptuat sees a doctor more than daxzkr, so daxzkr is not less curios than rvudhhiptuat
yhvszd sees a doctor more than omqpmaibgb, so omqpmaibgb is not less curios than yhvszd
thahp sees a doctor more than jkqjtazb, so jkqjtazb is not less curios than thahp
pfhaiprtt finds a snake more than pziffqlh, so pfhaiprtt is more adventurous than pziffqlh
fdmhcoiuli finds a snake more than ihoafve, so fdmhcoiuli is more adventurous than ihoafve
rumgzkvyq finds a snake more than sfmb, so rumgzkvyq is more adventurous than sfmb
gxsgpgiszgu finds a snake more than iqgbwilnrhuo, so gxsgpgiszgu is more adventurous than iqgbwilnrhuo
pcaskef finds a snake more than gwuflnieuq, so pcaskef is more adventurous than gwuflnieuq
utxvwdw finds a snake more than eyzkkmdv, so eyzkkmdv is less adventurous than utxvwdw
piht finds a snake more than sylpteunjii, so sylpteunjii is less adventurous than piht
dnuvfai finds a snake more than lnuurrk, so lnuurrk is less adventurous than dnuvfai
efkuidkpg finds a snake more than ielhrko, so ielhrko is less adventurous than efkuidkpg
kxvymegex finds a snake more than pkovehtbq, so pkovehtbq is less adventurous than kxvymegex
fprooo finds a snake more than ffbli, so fprooo is not less adventurous than ffbli
ozpu finds a snake more than qlkwbxspqup, so ozpu is not less adventurous than qlkwbxspqup
ososfswuu finds a snake more than iehugz, so ososfswuu is not less adventurous than iehugz
sjoklffzws finds a snake more than ntta, so sjoklffzws is not less adventurous than ntta
plfncwsdkt finds a snake more than gucqmsunptvk, so plfncwsdkt is not less adventurous than gucqmsunptvk
rdfgqbpte finds a snake more than ebvz, so ebvz is not more adventurous than rdfgqbpte
tmllvjcldwl finds a snake more than supakudjd, so supakudjd is not more adventurous than tmllvjcldwl
iedmjy finds a snake more than viqediy, so viqediy is not more adventurous than iedmjy
wwefaktoyyjm finds a snake more than ugn, so ugn is not more adventurous than wwefaktoyyjm
xaob finds a snake more than iqvuqcnctrt, so iqvuqcnctrt is not more adventurous than xaob
akypqsxj puts the cat among the pigeons more than bitwhsi, so akypqsxj is more a risk taker than bitwhsi
miiwqwcvllk puts the cat among the pigeons more than pyeaam, so miiwqwcvllk is more a risk taker than pyeaam
ruouq puts the cat among the pigeons more than wvbwcrz, so ruouq is more a risk taker than wvbwcrz
edosm puts the cat among the pigeons more than ssseywlvb, so edosm is more a risk taker than ssseywlvb
rui puts the cat among the pigeons more than cxqdrhprp, so rui is more a risk taker than cxqdrhprp
asotvui puts the cat among the pigeons more than jkxxwufz, so jkxxwufz is less a risk taker than asotvui
pvbrfysxv puts the cat among the pigeons more than eoji, so eoji is less a risk taker than pvbrfysxv
deexamthw puts the cat among the pigeons more than hiquxqgwjuhe, so hiquxqgwjuhe is less a risk taker than deexamthw
nujjiiuuuxku puts the cat among the pigeons more than yer, so yer is less a risk taker than nujjiiuuuxku
qptrqnx puts the cat among the pigeons more than lqyo, so lqyo is less a risk taker than qptrqnx
wnqwzlhveoe puts the cat among the pigeons more than sscpgmfsazon, so wnqwzlhveoe is not less a risk taker than sscpgmfsazon
dlcl puts the cat among the pigeons more than jqbry, so dlcl is not less a risk taker than jqbry
luyyilerkenm puts the cat among the pigeons more than jwp, so luyyilerkenm is not less a risk taker than jwp
imisccm puts the cat among the pigeons more than syqmllilau, so imisccm is not less a risk taker than syqmllilau
pjxpayxdh puts the cat among the pigeons more than iezfqe, so pjxpayxdh is not less a risk taker than iezfqe
dpnrt puts the cat among the pigeons more than salom, so salom is not more a risk taker than dpnrt
oai puts the cat among the pigeons more than cekpbnhrzrfy, so cekpbnhrzrfy is not more a risk taker than oai
inma puts the cat among the pigeons more than luwauladymi, so luwauladymi is not more a risk taker than inma
sbjzxhyoqfk puts the cat among the pigeons more than oyoj, so oyoj is not more a risk taker than sbjzxhyoqfk
gvuow puts the cat among the pigeons more than fbgmepkwucls, so fbgmepkwucls is not more a risk taker than gvuow
uudbeyjieqd likes to cook more than tpoxhzoa, so uudbeyjieqd is more a foodie than tpoxhzoa
kpft likes to cook more than ixuolwszj, so kpft is more a foodie than ixuolwszj
hepkngbpdrew likes to cook more than jlnfgzrqa, so hepkngbpdrew is more a foodie than jlnfgzrqa
zxepwea likes to cook more than wbvovph, so zxepwea is more a foodie than wbvovph
resjkjbxmv likes to cook more than uqxetdabix, so resjkjbxmv is more a foodie than uqxetdabix
shdhsz likes to cook more than omz, so omz is less a foodie than shdhsz
kdr likes to cook more than oqe, so oqe is less a foodie than kdr
lnbimban likes to cook more than qla, so qla is less a foodie than lnbimban
onguowk likes to cook more than crt, so crt is less a foodie than onguowk
brit likes to cook more than guiwsjkcb, so guiwsjkcb is less a foodie than brit
smnhiwopk likes to cook more than cmmwsrximfb, so smnhiwopk is not less a foodie than cmmwsrximfb
wlngzcsjhat likes to cook more than quwwa, so wlngzcsjhat is not less a foodie than quwwa
nyofm likes to cook more than pztqxjukcoz, so nyofm is not less a foodie than pztqxjukcoz
zco likes to cook more than afkkkyrukbdh, so zco is not less a foodie than afkkkyrukbdh
dqo likes to cook more than kcmktwkohdz, so dqo is not less a foodie than kcmktwkohdz
oxjt likes to cook more than ybwjsb, so ybwjsb is not more a foodie than oxjt
dtbqmje likes to cook more than iwqhrh, so iwqhrh is not more a foodie than dtbqmje
eqtyaxlwkopf likes to cook more than nfl, so nfl is not more a foodie than eqtyaxlwkopf
mseygy likes to cook more than lingjwf, so lingjwf is not more a foodie than mseygy
glyalvwowzfo likes to cook more than ykd, so ykd is not more a foodie than glyalvwowzfo
ezjpi maintains another person's authority more than seqdvvewu, so ezjpi is more respectful than seqdvvewu
pplgx maintains another person's authority more than glf, so pplgx is more respectful than glf
hpwbzzuxknt maintains another person's authority more than esga, so hpwbzzuxknt is more respectful than esga
idhvigeyluy maintains another person's authority more than rvcgtp, so idhvigeyluy is more respectful than rvcgtp
qnrmygpe maintains another person's authority more than kdhb, so qnrmygpe is more respectful than kdhb
sdtkyrymag maintains another person's authority more than fgzxanqjbtt, so fgzxanqjbtt is less respectful than sdtkyrymag
wtwdeme maintains another person's authority more than wcr, so wcr is less respectful than wtwdeme
rkhzalxa maintains another person's authority more than jly, so jly is less respectful than rkhzalxa
tdpqifsxsy maintains another person's authority more than odui, so odui is less respectful than tdpqifsxsy
dzyukrqhnkm maintains another person's authority more than hrahixbxgwg, so hrahixbxgwg is less respectful than dzyukrqhnkm
adzymwfyojui maintains another person's authority more than wajtau, so adzymwfyojui is not less respectful than wajtau
ksn maintains another person's authority more than dbqetet, so ksn is not less respectful than dbqetet
ojwvtkfvd maintains another person's authority more than infwyxi, so ojwvtkfvd is not less respectful than infwyxi
romi maintains another person's authority more than pnmmwhlds, so romi is not less respectful than pnmmwhlds
cbykexhcash maintains another person's authority more than xefhzhimnao, so cbykexhcash is not less respectful than xefhzhimnao
saepn maintains another person's authority more than bhmpc, so bhmpc is not more respectful than saepn
yxjr maintains another person's authority more than afd, so afd is not more respectful than yxjr
umhg maintains another person's authority more than mbrot, so mbrot is not more respectful than umhg
yuw maintains another person's authority more than matoqwmghwxa, so matoqwmghwxa is not more respectful than yuw
cmjhx maintains another person's authority more than ffhpttegye, so ffhpttegye is not more respectful than cmjhx
bxxqvvnfxyyz tries something else more than zpiotdb, so bxxqvvnfxyyz is more undeterred than zpiotdb
gsdycsdjb tries something else more than fuf, so gsdycsdjb is more undeterred than fuf
mhamomer tries something else more than fpvsjyw, so mhamomer is more undeterred than fpvsjyw
ggnfrw tries something else more than cbkswxzexzw, so ggnfrw is more undeterred than cbkswxzexzw
kzjldy tries something else more than ofozfzevi, so kzjldy is more undeterred than ofozfzevi
qukvjgw tries something else more than blxkekjiqxte, so blxkekjiqxte is less undeterred than qukvjgw
bclcpwy tries something else more than wdu, so wdu is less undeterred than bclcpwy
irsjwc tries something else more than swmgqxb, so swmgqxb is less undeterred than irsjwc
sexcnxsmjco tries something else more than afsav, so afsav is less undeterred than sexcnxsmjco
ablo tries something else more than ptlxt, so ptlxt is less undeterred than ablo
jzmsq tries something else more than qkp, so jzmsq is not less undeterred than qkp
bwjicpqnc tries something else more than gab, so bwjicpqnc is not less undeterred than gab
fcrsybqaof tries something else more than dhltfux, so fcrsybqaof is not less undeterred than dhltfux
espcuib tries something else more than ghbqjzzaftx, so espcuib is not less undeterred than ghbqjzzaftx
liwj tries something else more than ikbpxuryqvk, so liwj is not less undeterred than ikbpxuryqvk
fxwnlfdpuqov tries something else more than pevpir, so pevpir is not more undeterred than fxwnlfdpuqov
uupaef tries something else more than eofr, so eofr is not more undeterred than uupaef
wxy tries something else more than ssmjargn, so ssmjargn is not more undeterred than wxy
bpydnqsvbthr tries something else more than lydj, so lydj is not more undeterred than bpydnqsvbthr
lzdzy tries something else more than nqjtspvny, so nqjtspvny is not more undeterred than lzdzy
plnwo builds their house more than gshki, so plnwo is more handy than gshki
frwaqqt builds their house more than pemramnrs, so frwaqqt is more handy than pemramnrs
pvkv builds their house more than wjdgkn, so pvkv is more handy than wjdgkn
aavgour builds their house more than tfrgqwvlmecq, so aavgour is more handy than tfrgqwvlmecq
vuwlcu builds their house more than wdc, so vuwlcu is more handy than wdc
zcdgw builds their house more than bjyfql, so bjyfql is less handy than zcdgw
mvfqlcaoptl builds their house more than njbbir, so njbbir is less handy than mvfqlcaoptl
rei builds their house more than yhvlwphp, so yhvlwphp is less handy than rei
xbxvz builds their house more than hounq, so hounq is less handy than xbxvz
nrhxdyyfbr builds their house more than pxppfv, so pxppfv is less handy than nrhxdyyfbr
yncqaptwy builds their house more than yudntdctm, so yncqaptwy is not less handy than yudntdctm
aywjhal builds their house more than yvjbeyfich, so aywjhal is not less handy than yvjbeyfich
lzzzpbmlvxtf builds their house more than gio, so lzzzpbmlvxtf is not less handy than gio
sbhd builds their house more than ryxsbz, so sbhd is not less handy than ryxsbz
bvc builds their house more than zrwfflicmnv, so bvc is not less handy than zrwfflicmnv
kabifo builds their house more than hefebavqouwi, so hefebavqouwi is not more handy than kabifo
zfeoddup builds their house more than lpfnns, so lpfnns is not more handy than zfeoddup
egnlz builds their house more than trlb, so trlb is not more handy than egnlz
mwvxql builds their house more than uryi, so uryi is not more handy than mwvxql
xzfvvvqsnu builds their house more than eiwofvvyx, so eiwofvvyx is not more handy than xzfvvvqsnu
mmknjdhed would get better than ldnmvavicbp, so mmknjdhed is more determined than ldnmvavicbp
nqcqiphwd would get better than njkf, so nqcqiphwd is more determined than njkf
wfr would get better than oldihiqvqx, so wfr is more determined than oldihiqvqx
lzsqd would get better than jqlq, so lzsqd is more determined than jqlq
gdwktniswbso would get better than dchyalkdeq, so gdwktniswbso is more determined than dchyalkdeq
ihffewm would get better than hgdvx, so hgdvx is less determined than ihffewm
yuok would get better than wttpwkumk, so wttpwkumk is less determined than yuok
iawcvw would get better than ssirmtevy, so ssirmtevy is less determined than iawcvw
cfgvjij would get better than iivnkr, so iivnkr is less determined than cfgvjij
lwbxofiutkw would get better than rzefhptdhsi, so rzefhptdhsi is less determined than lwbxofiutkw
kzupsonp would get better more than mar, so kzupsonp is not less determined than mar
fpv would get better more than qbjy, so fpv is not less determined than qbjy
mnwciophzam would get better more than uhll, so mnwciophzam is not less determined than uhll
zybgfflyngi would get better more than fobcy, so zybgfflyngi is not less determined than fobcy
fka would get better more than rkrxgsrwwmd, so fka is not less determined than rkrxgsrwwmd
finegzekszz would get better more than ryupnwdzutd, so ryupnwdzutd is not more determined than finegzekszz
utdrletcath would get better more than ltndjrhezlh, so ltndjrhezlh is not more determined than utdrletcath
qakl would get better more than mqefhvmbmeq, so mqefhvmbmeq is not more determined than qakl
dqwqseqec would get better more than qjthrupi, so qjthrupi is not more determined than dqwqseqec
ltddakqndixb would get better more than gji, so gji is not more determined than ltddakqndixb
jbrnfi goes back to the house more than ejepr, so jbrnfi is less dependable than ejepr
yperukftkt goes back to the house more than kgnvokblc, so yperukftkt is less dependable than kgnvokblc
ergrqcjjxzy goes back to the house more than cebnyjlzajpy, so ergrqcjjxzy is less dependable than cebnyjlzajpy
kbjgqyiljo goes back to the house more than mhitc, so kbjgqyiljo is less dependable than mhitc
ugud goes back to the house more than zfyondjzwx, so ugud is less dependable than zfyondjzwx
ygqwdjp goes back to the house more than rtfiitvix, so rtfiitvix is less dependable than ygqwdjp
qyekqqhf goes back to the house more than bwdoo, so bwdoo is less dependable than qyekqqhf
vmrenko goes back to the house more than lvrcdopkrf, so lvrcdopkrf is less dependable than vmrenko
lik goes back to the house more than rtzaungvai, so rtzaungvai is less dependable than lik
acggxcdnor goes back to the house more than jlj, so jlj is less dependable than acggxcdnor
cwhuraipop goes back to the house more than euwunmll, so cwhuraipop is not more dependable than euwunmll
acrwmsf goes back to the house more than fmmyqbsrjb, so acrwmsf is not more dependable than fmmyqbsrjb
epfq goes back to the house more than kohso, so epfq is not more dependable than kohso
omuulfdhbvw goes back to the house more than nojqh, so omuulfdhbvw is not more dependable than nojqh
psazzi goes back to the house more than rfbwplp, so psazzi is not more dependable than rfbwplp
arevxnfthkmm goes back to the house more than zihsfihfxftb, so zihsfihfxftb is not more dependable than arevxnfthkmm
ozegzd goes back to the house more than gmenxvvc, so gmenxvvc is not more dependable than ozegzd
houkqpxswgij goes back to the house more than wsipobmqcmlo, so wsipobmqcmlo is not more dependable than houkqpxswgij
pji goes back to the house more than idodnia, so idodnia is not more dependable than pji
irfjrb goes back to the house more than rcrubeqfxo, so rcrubeqfxo is not more dependable than irfjrb
uhtumtdwmuy visits another person's uncle more than agmtgtvm, so uhtumtdwmuy is more affectionate than agmtgtvm
pyvuyopgzgy visits another person's uncle more than osppakusmi, so pyvuyopgzgy is more affectionate than osppakusmi
ttqexyknt visits another person's uncle more than dnt, so ttqexyknt is more affectionate than dnt
decwgyuelfj visits another person's uncle more than rhiiuxrb, so decwgyuelfj is more affectionate than rhiiuxrb
lcesouvtpfat visits another person's uncle more than shmsdecy, so lcesouvtpfat is more affectionate than shmsdecy
vxuwrqf visits another person's uncle more than eoyimxnjjxdz, so eoyimxnjjxdz is less affectionate than vxuwrqf
wacmqbzxg visits another person's uncle more than vgmbaprg, so vgmbaprg is less affectionate than wacmqbzxg
fxwvkhrnov visits another person's uncle more than qvn, so qvn is less affectionate than fxwvkhrnov
zjmm visits another person's uncle more than ineaf, so ineaf is less affectionate than zjmm
tkwccpa visits another person's uncle more than pizai, so pizai is less affectionate than tkwccpa
mctss visits another person's uncle more than ghoiirwrc, so mctss is not less affectionate than ghoiirwrc
vpszci visits another person's uncle more than tdkxmaui, so vpszci is not less affectionate than tdkxmaui
qststdu visits another person's uncle more than fvicwhmip, so qststdu is not less affectionate than fvicwhmip
hljoi visits another person's uncle more than coyghpts, so hljoi is not less affectionate than coyghpts
ttusvx visits another person's uncle more than wawwp, so ttusvx is not less affectionate than wawwp
lzghlgnbx visits another person's uncle more than wwtdgppfg, so wwtdgppfg is not more affectionate than lzghlgnbx
hurhnauq visits another person's uncle more than mflafhxp, so mflafhxp is not more affectionate than hurhnauq
kvtq visits another person's uncle more than cwyntmtfqar, so cwyntmtfqar is not more affectionate than kvtq
mhzktjketf visits another person's uncle more than ixbusbhfpwg, so ixbusbhfpwg is not more affectionate than mhzktjketf
ckcb visits another person's uncle more than aeyiqnmxqudf, so aeyiqnmxqudf is not more affectionate than ckcb
xeambbs finds a new place more than rzyrnnn, so xeambbs is more persistent than rzyrnnn
ilnklmhi finds a new place more than ozx, so ilnklmhi is more persistent than ozx
aklbkuzmrg finds a new place more than pzkvfsffu, so aklbkuzmrg is more persistent than pzkvfsffu
axkodfro finds a new place more than uhhbsmcipi, so axkodfro is more persistent than uhhbsmcipi
arvy finds a new place more than rcvtjq, so arvy is more persistent than rcvtjq
rflhc finds a new place more than dxiuqzrt, so dxiuqzrt is less persistent than rflhc
jdh finds a new place more than vozkki, so vozkki is less persistent than jdh
ipgy finds a new place more than auopmm, so auopmm is less persistent than ipgy
hrdadcatv finds a new place more than jjpbcdfuwvy, so jjpbcdfuwvy is less persistent than hrdadcatv
wyugwdaym finds a new place more than edhlntrj, so edhlntrj is less persistent than wyugwdaym
brwp finds a new place more than xbyekdm, so brwp is not less persistent than xbyekdm
sqglfeylimhj finds a new place more than zitxfnlzbe, so sqglfeylimhj is not less persistent than zitxfnlzbe
lzbhmaxkny finds a new place more than mjkjds, so lzbhmaxkny is not less persistent than mjkjds
wtajbvwmk finds a new place more than dkag, so wtajbvwmk is not less persistent than dkag
sexrazlt finds a new place more than noucvaz, so sexrazlt is not less persistent than noucvaz
bzp finds a new place more than pwvbhfezx, so pwvbhfezx is not more persistent than bzp
xogpqgxmscus finds a new place more than pevnoyuru, so pevnoyuru is not more persistent than xogpqgxmscus
yttma finds a new place more than ockxcbvffgb, so ockxcbvffgb is not more persistent than yttma
paetegeuomt finds a new place more than mnkpp, so mnkpp is not more persistent than paetegeuomt
zylbnbrz finds a new place more than vqjygbtfz, so vqjygbtfz is not more persistent than zylbnbrz
imxyevitvrb goes to a party with their friends more than nrcailqmibk, so imxyevitvrb is more social than nrcailqmibk
gaktgw goes to a party with their friends more than tchgflgn, so gaktgw is more social than tchgflgn
hmas goes to a party with their friends more than rxzpsdk, so hmas is more social than rxzpsdk
bvhvldvhvip goes to a party with their friends more than ommulghr, so bvhvldvhvip is more social than ommulghr
umxdwfvnxk goes to a party with their friends more than mlqvuljeiuc, so umxdwfvnxk is more social than mlqvuljeiuc
jvdbvkjmlyj goes to a party with their friends more than hdyswtnbq, so hdyswtnbq is less social than jvdbvkjmlyj
btmp goes to a party with their friends more than honpny, so honpny is less social than btmp
wolxnz goes to a party with their friends more than nqlixig, so nqlixig is less social than wolxnz
bycdhpwa goes to a party with their friends more than pxmbmzwwnjtg, so pxmbmzwwnjtg is less social than bycdhpwa
rrzbcqkzudnd goes to a party with their friends more than isdjnjmthyb, so isdjnjmthyb is less social than rrzbcqkzudnd
qxysxuul goes to a party with their friends more than xbxwbrikrx, so qxysxuul is not less social than xbxwbrikrx
gfwzow goes to a party with their friends more than hofmk, so gfwzow is not less social than hofmk
dgqq goes to a party with their friends more than trxgowrpb, so dgqq is not less social than trxgowrpb
ffhstbnzukmn goes to a party with their friends more than yfcmfbb, so ffhstbnzukmn is not less social than yfcmfbb
azwxjrzsxle goes to a party with their friends more than cej, so azwxjrzsxle is not less social than cej
yjoklrixu goes to a party with their friends more than fsqwuamvkgt, so fsqwuamvkgt is not more social than yjoklrixu
ramxhc goes to a party with their friends more than zdociji, so zdociji is not more social than ramxhc
idqoqc goes to a party with their friends more than khxowfxpbb, so khxowfxpbb is not more social than idqoqc
mwqsolfa goes to a party with their friends more than eqlluziytud, so eqlluziytud is not more social than mwqsolfa
xexyqqrrdcy goes to a party with their friends more than qlrmkrtmqhq, so qlrmkrtmqhq is not more social than xexyqqrrdcy
jedbawmvzehj takes out the trash more than omjqjvvoolhk, so jedbawmvzehj is more responsible than omjqjvvoolhk
mvxnav takes out the trash more than sujzwr, so mvxnav is more responsible than sujzwr
uzanjum takes out the trash more than wccnyvzhul, so uzanjum is more responsible than wccnyvzhul
lrqmhafdcj takes out the trash more than apzrarjoi, so lrqmhafdcj is more responsible than apzrarjoi
vscqxapmhpl takes out the trash more than jbwooojw, so vscqxapmhpl is more responsible than jbwooojw
awtrbqjsu takes out the trash more than sab, so sab is less responsible than awtrbqjsu
oesrwhu takes out the trash more than jvrednwqv, so jvrednwqv is less responsible than oesrwhu
angfdg takes out the trash more than kfysgstetj, so kfysgstetj is less responsible than angfdg
ndnuiv takes out the trash more than lujzfdwtay, so lujzfdwtay is less responsible than ndnuiv
pkhaymqrmdy takes out the trash more than blkibyahrl, so blkibyahrl is less responsible than pkhaymqrmdy
cgndab takes out the trash more than ofgwhz, so cgndab is not less responsible than ofgwhz
onpafcxiv takes out the trash more than lfwffctq, so onpafcxiv is not less responsible than lfwffctq
ngui takes out the trash more than sdk, so ngui is not less responsible than sdk
pgfqudcv takes out the trash more than dlaukmkr, so pgfqudcv is not less responsible than dlaukmkr
qghs takes out the trash more than vtwy, so qghs is not less responsible than vtwy
wxrgz takes out the trash more than rxofzj, so rxofzj is not more responsible than wxrgz
gal takes out the trash more than iqumeg, so iqumeg is not more responsible than gal
ofz takes out the trash more than zfxmvkb, so zfxmvkb is not more responsible than ofz
hsl takes out the trash more than sqeqx, so sqeqx is not more responsible than hsl
dpzvixie takes out the trash more than qhu, so qhu is not more responsible than dpzvixie
rfgu turns another person's gaze more than pymhvljjtl, so rfgu is more eyecatching than pymhvljjtl
rykpnqcc turns another person's gaze more than ihmojokuvqo, so rykpnqcc is more eyecatching than ihmojokuvqo
jkujsb turns another person's gaze more than qnqpjhfntxvm, so jkujsb is more eyecatching than qnqpjhfntxvm
bksojhpnfeo turns another person's gaze more than rhbzyroj, so bksojhpnfeo is more eyecatching than rhbzyroj
bfnqonumlx turns another person's gaze more than vjhfxzr, so bfnqonumlx is more eyecatching than vjhfxzr
rnflxrfnks turns another person's gaze more than wuitelonflxx, so wuitelonflxx is less eyecatching than rnflxrfnks
scm turns another person's gaze more than hyeqm, so hyeqm is less eyecatching than scm
bwpdmqk turns another person's gaze more than tmxhsocydb, so tmxhsocydb is less eyecatching than bwpdmqk
usddjmzqlz turns another person's gaze more than yfyie, so yfyie is less eyecatching than usddjmzqlz
coq turns another person's gaze more than xtkdkp, so xtkdkp is less eyecatching than coq
rjnowqlnqb turns another person's gaze more than ryt, so rjnowqlnqb is not less eyecatching than ryt
vynp turns another person's gaze more than wjzdyhskcdp, so vynp is not less eyecatching than wjzdyhskcdp
kigswu turns another person's gaze more than jbiz, so kigswu is not less eyecatching than jbiz
qcq turns another person's gaze more than vdowyelgdxfm, so qcq is not less eyecatching than vdowyelgdxfm
unufwbudhig turns another person's gaze more than mfv, so unufwbudhig is not less eyecatching than mfv
epm turns another person's gaze more than obydxowe, so obydxowe is not more eyecatching than epm
jcyupniv turns another person's gaze more than iiaymsz, so iiaymsz is not more eyecatching than jcyupniv
hefybwbi turns another person's gaze more than kdsd, so kdsd is not more eyecatching than hefybwbi
ojmmfpr turns another person's gaze more than zklsbym, so zklsbym is not more eyecatching than ojmmfpr
mspmmny turns another person's gaze more than hvyrx, so hvyrx is not more eyecatching than mspmmny
srmkqcdajtxz makes enough money while ksqzfcmzr does not, so srmkqcdajtxz is more well off than ksqzfcmzr
cotuugxjpibc makes enough money while qavvgzrxew does not, so cotuugxjpibc is more well off than qavvgzrxew
onkzbzdurh makes enough money while afba does not, so onkzbzdurh is more well off than afba
qdheutrdhd makes enough money while ujt does not, so qdheutrdhd is more well off than ujt
mxx makes enough money while mqnoaakh does not, so mxx is more well off than mqnoaakh
pghplyviti makes enough money while bfrabmpskxu does not, so bfrabmpskxu is less well off than pghplyviti
voqkhiq makes enough money while txv does not, so txv is less well off than voqkhiq
oylh makes enough money while hul does not, so hul is less well off than oylh
sqj makes enough money while zys does not, so zys is less well off than sqj
ljisdqhdipm makes enough money while xfpmuhfahfn does not, so xfpmuhfahfn is less well off than ljisdqhdipm
uxkga makes enough money more than unkixgpve, so uxkga is not less well off than unkixgpve
xmnehhx makes enough money more than mvtckbmq, so xmnehhx is not less well off than mvtckbmq
ejsrvxeaqq makes enough money more than ronvzb, so ejsrvxeaqq is not less well off than ronvzb
gbkfnku makes enough money more than mrxcufkpmdu, so gbkfnku is not less well off than mrxcufkpmdu
gnzysohy makes enough money more than nabpwgk, so gnzysohy is not less well off than nabpwgk
pkuosgifvd makes more money than jjvticppoa, so jjvticppoa is not more well off than pkuosgifvd
iucjrzhneyi makes more money than zbqigxx, so zbqigxx is not more well off than iucjrzhneyi
cvcaem makes more money than urdmrbcdjkd, so urdmrbcdjkd is not more well off than cvcaem
maocy makes more money than lxudek, so lxudek is not more well off than maocy
hnztzwa makes more money than cmsrvh, so cmsrvh is not more well off than hnztzwa
vsk calls the police for help while vcqcspvzt does not, so vsk is more scared than vcqcspvzt
peacna calls the police for help while eaomrn does not, so peacna is more scared than eaomrn
ryutmffv calls the police for help while nymf does not, so ryutmffv is more scared than nymf
flbkyrudjs calls the police for help while frigfvdjrazg does not, so flbkyrudjs is more scared than frigfvdjrazg
iefbkorzmonq calls the police for help while sdblmqrt does not, so iefbkorzmonq is more scared than sdblmqrt
rvnhpwmk calls the police for help more than rcmez, so rcmez is less scared than rvnhpwmk
ewzix calls the police for help more than tccscfcpv, so tccscfcpv is less scared than ewzix
ylv calls the police for help more than vij, so vij is less scared than ylv
joxannh calls the police for help more than lpvnspbjuthz, so lpvnspbjuthz is less scared than joxannh
ancuv calls the police for help more than haihd, so haihd is less scared than ancuv
fdeyvsxjywm calls the police for help while ftdogndznet does not, so fdeyvsxjywm is not less scared than ftdogndznet
dhnjtlfjits calls the police for help while obgztu does not, so dhnjtlfjits is not less scared than obgztu
txenwvo calls the police for help while tdsclsxjdfj does not, so txenwvo is not less scared than tdsclsxjdfj
mocmt calls the police for help while vnmofpqr does not, so mocmt is not less scared than vnmofpqr
livqortwco calls the police for help while xbk does not, so livqortwco is not less scared than xbk
ycacgkyuf calls the police for help while msrldr does not, so msrldr is not more scared than ycacgkyuf
pfbejutj calls the police for help while eqlk does not, so eqlk is not more scared than pfbejutj
mqtnyb calls the police for help while gbtydxb does not, so gbtydxb is not more scared than mqtnyb
plnxkgrudgmo calls the police for help while tvmtnucxenjb does not, so tvmtnucxenjb is not more scared than plnxkgrudgmo
mcctcpv calls the police for help while qhw does not, so qhw is not more scared than mcctcpv
naiirelb drags another person away more than omo, so naiirelb is more determined than omo
ejtxmha drags another person away more than pdzla, so ejtxmha is more determined than pdzla
yczihtf drags another person away more than mvfhm, so yczihtf is more determined than mvfhm
zpwmwgva drags another person away more than jluprtx, so zpwmwgva is more determined than jluprtx
ewijznuybjz drags another person away more than gjqd, so ewijznuybjz is more determined than gjqd
pxt drags another person away more than dkqngmyfpzv, so dkqngmyfpzv is less determined than pxt
nlgjhmjm drags another person away more than dddrguprocb, so dddrguprocb is less determined than nlgjhmjm
idwnxdfluo drags another person away more than brw, so brw is less determined than idwnxdfluo
dtjpe drags another person away more than ofqhlnviz, so ofqhlnviz is less determined than dtjpe
yswgopccyys drags another person away more than fwvbgvhelzq, so fwvbgvhelzq is less determined than yswgopccyys
pdh drags another person away more than yakc, so pdh is not less determined than yakc
kceyhw drags another person away more than favtrq, so kceyhw is not less determined than favtrq
gpkui drags another person away more than jcfvzygvvd, so gpkui is not less determined than jcfvzygvvd
ymqq drags another person away more than sitifnffuc, so ymqq is not less determined than sitifnffuc
rykxouxnhvx drags another person away more than qsebkxf, so rykxouxnhvx is not less determined than qsebkxf
xuhfsmwaszz drags another person away more than tglvjm, so tglvjm is not more determined than xuhfsmwaszz
anigpprukhwv drags another person away more than kxvlztgijqid, so kxvlztgijqid is not more determined than anigpprukhwv
jwculaad drags another person away more than pijmczplviey, so pijmczplviey is not more determined than jwculaad
pbazgjtokhwi drags another person away more than elhlfddexb, so elhlfddexb is not more determined than pbazgjtokhwi
vhbfqmpk drags another person away more than nxaxtzsc, so nxaxtzsc is not more determined than vhbfqmpk
tqap wanders away more than tsqygkrzuct, so tqap is more careless than tsqygkrzuct
xusxuiewzfyk wanders away more than nnmka, so xusxuiewzfyk is more careless than nnmka
nrsiei wanders away more than qstxbsje, so nrsiei is more careless than qstxbsje
hiiu wanders away more than cqogoh, so hiiu is more careless than cqogoh
jjg wanders away more than vjutc, so jjg is more careless than vjutc
awnnnvtehnx wanders away more than dvag, so dvag is less careless than awnnnvtehnx
qwzystzmn wanders away more than jyibw, so jyibw is less careless than qwzystzmn
pipetrd wanders away more than nvv, so nvv is less careless than pipetrd
lydm wanders away more than sqjnkyp, so sqjnkyp is less careless than lydm
unfccincfda wanders away more than svclszco, so svclszco is less careless than unfccincfda
ivbtfpzmnmp wanders away more than pkfhxjf, so ivbtfpzmnmp is not less careless than pkfhxjf
pquzmse wanders away more than ciijfrhqmgce, so pquzmse is not less careless than ciijfrhqmgce
bstlfpctuvv wanders away more than ymlh, so bstlfpctuvv is not less careless than ymlh
xxt wanders away more than dezcfstcb, so xxt is not less careless than dezcfstcb
etv wanders away more than gkbmnanh, so etv is not less careless than gkbmnanh
gpzyxap wanders away more than qflo, so qflo is not more careless than gpzyxap
jabcyytirky wanders away more than lfhqlbwjm, so lfhqlbwjm is not more careless than jabcyytirky
slakhdaau wanders away more than wtzqescp, so wtzqescp is not more careless than slakhdaau
vgvtq wanders away more than ingacbrbhy, so ingacbrbhy is not more careless than vgvtq
zhenk wanders away more than zww, so zww is not more careless than zhenk
qams comes home today more than pedyrou, so qams is more content than pedyrou
wghrzgup comes home today more than qbbykvkztp, so wghrzgup is more content than qbbykvkztp
qqxrmklizxa comes home today more than anbzmchjrb, so qqxrmklizxa is more content than anbzmchjrb
oasexczn comes home today more than bmfgqowaydd, so oasexczn is more content than bmfgqowaydd
bxhj comes home today more than qdfhzp, so bxhj is more content than qdfhzp
buuqkddl comes home today more than yasggmnstbt, so yasggmnstbt is less content than buuqkddl
zqt comes home today more than htrvvmfnxple, so htrvvmfnxple is less content than zqt
vfzgocw comes home today more than agpitpw, so agpitpw is less content than vfzgocw
liwfozscrw comes home today more than uhifelvysnz, so uhifelvysnz is less content than liwfozscrw
qqmqoqypslvd comes home today more than imypimegnuee, so imypimegnuee is less content than qqmqoqypslvd
uvxvrzb comes home today more than ljtetmlohujo, so uvxvrzb is not less content than ljtetmlohujo
ywxladfoqe comes home today more than ibnknsddq, so ywxladfoqe is not less content than ibnknsddq
wyq comes home today more than nqbqallqwxw, so wyq is not less content than nqbqallqwxw
lavewoy comes home today more than fftlyyugkbr, so lavewoy is not less content than fftlyyugkbr
drvdvujpa comes home today more than uhgfodmkuich, so drvdvujpa is not less content than uhgfodmkuich
gpzplkp comes home today more than hgwufyos, so hgwufyos is not more content than gpzplkp
amtnltyne comes home today more than wpzwqdjdgjhz, so wpzwqdjdgjhz is not more content than amtnltyne
iig comes home today more than browjbccsgmx, so browjbccsgmx is not more content than iig
czupksgsx comes home today more than whb, so whb is not more content than czupksgsx
looreexjftf comes home today more than kxzkgh, so kxzkgh is not more content than looreexjftf
rzqv steals the money more than xmyqqee, so rzqv is more sinister than xmyqqee
sskfcymahxjq steals the money more than qaiqtd, so sskfcymahxjq is more sinister than qaiqtd
mhxiyrfrp steals the money more than ihadkbr, so mhxiyrfrp is more sinister than ihadkbr
wfki steals the money more than endnaee, so wfki is more sinister than endnaee
znrbqmfen steals the money more than ttkfonaldo, so znrbqmfen is more sinister than ttkfonaldo
lbteuxsq steals the money more than ieplyqtafv, so ieplyqtafv is less sinister than lbteuxsq
tyfgmxm steals the money more than jyoysdcmifvm, so jyoysdcmifvm is less sinister than tyfgmxm
zmvsq steals the money more than ytmyjvfui, so ytmyjvfui is less sinister than zmvsq
ytcqryt steals the money more than bhpiiojzqx, so bhpiiojzqx is less sinister than ytcqryt
zhzstgtvxesm steals the money more than shqcrqkek, so shqcrqkek is less sinister than zhzstgtvxesm
nycptcfji steals the money more than plhytxw, so nycptcfji is not less sinister than plhytxw
keygjhcode steals the money more than uitvcsmlyd, so keygjhcode is not less sinister than uitvcsmlyd
zfzqfceiz steals the money more than mysz, so zfzqfceiz is not less sinister than mysz
gtisiej steals the money more than apjgqch, so gtisiej is not less sinister than apjgqch
bibhx steals the money more than ubygx, so bibhx is not less sinister than ubygx
czglcxbvcn steals the money more than uypk, so uypk is not more sinister than czglcxbvcn
jbxlulnxtzz steals the money more than pozexyhw, so pozexyhw is not more sinister than jbxlulnxtzz
tgdvtskdxtq steals the money more than krup, so krup is not more sinister than tgdvtskdxtq
xnwrdtux steals the money more than ftoshgsax, so ftoshgsax is not more sinister than xnwrdtux
hdmjgcdlh steals the money more than azyo, so azyo is not more sinister than hdmjgcdlh
dvcog loves to play baseball more than bhkz, so dvcog is more energetic than bhkz
flppoeooqlhn loves to play baseball more than uruzqkfvh, so flppoeooqlhn is more energetic than uruzqkfvh
eogcbwgkbu loves to play baseball more than cjcovjbzhqk, so eogcbwgkbu is more energetic than cjcovjbzhqk
pgdp loves to play baseball more than ynit, so pgdp is more energetic than ynit
dkudojmboad loves to play baseball more than pksphsntwbzw, so dkudojmboad is more energetic than pksphsntwbzw
ktuvap loves to play baseball more than svcyonhnj, so svcyonhnj is less energetic than ktuvap
seimh loves to play baseball more than bmsxnjx, so bmsxnjx is less energetic than seimh
qwoeatdxip loves to play baseball more than adsiyruphvd, so adsiyruphvd is less energetic than qwoeatdxip
tdjihc loves to play baseball more than qcu, so qcu is less energetic than tdjihc
cecg loves to play baseball more than ucxp, so ucxp is less energetic than cecg
ulmslnjuask loves to play baseball more than bfnjufvybser, so ulmslnjuask is not less energetic than bfnjufvybser
qpeiunzez loves to play baseball more than jsvnum, so qpeiunzez is not less energetic than jsvnum
bmg loves to play baseball more than rjmwfusw, so bmg is not less energetic than rjmwfusw
kjrcrmokncgx loves to play baseball more than xbxkbx, so kjrcrmokncgx is not less energetic than xbxkbx
cqclh loves to play baseball more than kyutxtgrhe, so cqclh is not less energetic than kyutxtgrhe
bocrwi loves to play baseball more than qgtsn, so qgtsn is not more energetic than bocrwi
oxf loves to play baseball more than ahzzefjg, so ahzzefjg is not more energetic than oxf
tsdeahkadh loves to play baseball more than eklexv, so eklexv is not more energetic than tsdeahkadh
ismvavqdwanf loves to play baseball more than uwuye, so uwuye is not more energetic than ismvavqdwanf
gvoggma loves to play baseball more than efzoegqhpbpt, so efzoegqhpbpt is not more energetic than gvoggma
pdcnq raises chickens more than vybgr, so pdcnq is more caring than vybgr
mxphy raises chickens more than kmopujykvc, so mxphy is more caring than kmopujykvc
fjqcnwiprqrg raises chickens more than ndg, so fjqcnwiprqrg is more caring than ndg
fdyhlt raises chickens more than iahqvcnue, so fdyhlt is more caring than iahqvcnue
thrq raises chickens more than fmsvqklnjoqj, so thrq is more caring than fmsvqklnjoqj
ohycfno raises chickens more than nfzz, so nfzz is less caring than ohycfno
loxxylkmxoyi raises chickens more than vrdnrgwk, so vrdnrgwk is less caring than loxxylkmxoyi
kmiekf raises chickens more than jnhmqmwbzly, so jnhmqmwbzly is less caring than kmiekf
tqdqbquhpn raises chickens more than phbyn, so phbyn is less caring than tqdqbquhpn
klfoim raises chickens more than jhfsucc, so jhfsucc is less caring than klfoim
clbpeao raises chickens more than jlbierafs, so clbpeao is not less caring than jlbierafs
vjzajgfqpdp raises chickens more than ilyl, so vjzajgfqpdp is not less caring than ilyl
bxvquzppxi raises chickens more than fdfwa, so bxvquzppxi is not less caring than fdfwa
ohddxvtvejik raises chickens more than qyw, so ohddxvtvejik is not less caring than qyw
xjjamab raises chickens more than sjl, so xjjamab is not less caring than sjl
jblzfwipd raises chickens more than ndpmmkhflbg, so ndpmmkhflbg is not more caring than jblzfwipd
edgcty raises chickens more than dszn, so dszn is not more caring than edgcty
lbxpkixen raises chickens more than nsmcsrlvoc, so nsmcsrlvoc is not more caring than lbxpkixen
girczzlanu raises chickens more than rvy, so rvy is not more caring than girczzlanu
ubpzmtdqzneh raises chickens more than weajojktym, so weajojktym is not more caring than ubpzmtdqzneh
ymbgo decides to break up with another person more than wfdrzvadylid, so ymbgo is more cruel than wfdrzvadylid
afyk decides to break up with another person more than hur, so afyk is more cruel than hur
ouhwcvktmpr decides to break up with another person more than vklfmkaoelas, so ouhwcvktmpr is more cruel than vklfmkaoelas
fdu decides to break up with another person more than anngzvben, so fdu is more cruel than anngzvben
dntxwiyuy decides to break up with another person more than bryaltcdl, so dntxwiyuy is more cruel than bryaltcdl
rgbncncinede decides to break up with another person more than qqjesog, so qqjesog is less cruel than rgbncncinede
yomeyyqbfl decides to break up with another person more than ewfz, so ewfz is less cruel than yomeyyqbfl
zrne decides to break up with another person more than gsn, so gsn is less cruel than zrne
nqragbwmkw decides to break up with another person more than grcf, so grcf is less cruel than nqragbwmkw
bro decides to break up with another person more than hyzpd, so hyzpd is less cruel than bro
dmo decides to break up with another person more than ixgwuyp, so dmo is not less cruel than ixgwuyp
ksiipohq decides to break up with another person more than guemzfz, so ksiipohq is not less cruel than guemzfz
zeazrlhfnkh decides to break up with another person more than pmxcztmnkhrx, so zeazrlhfnkh is not less cruel than pmxcztmnkhrx
pgiwygw decides to break up with another person more than tqc, so pgiwygw is not less cruel than tqc
uaxyvuegqbwr decides to break up with another person more than zxivfkfrw, so uaxyvuegqbwr is not less cruel than zxivfkfrw
wgabhxxwe decides to break up with another person more than ylpsofph, so ylpsofph is not more cruel than wgabhxxwe
tindkk decides to break up with another person more than cijwku, so cijwku is not more cruel than tindkk
ngziacm decides to break up with another person more than ygqrj, so ygqrj is not more cruel than ngziacm
ioudrxfl decides to break up with another person more than zmbktalf, so zmbktalf is not more cruel than ioudrxfl
yojgrsqcrpd decides to break up with another person more than vzypsobgppnt, so vzypsobgppnt is not more cruel than yojgrsqcrpd
ghgc is more straight than legz, so ghgc can catch football better than legz.
ofdes is more straight than hrmo, so ofdes can catch football better than hrmo.
jjdpeorybrr is more straight than hrsnzy, so jjdpeorybrr can catch football better than hrsnzy.
qxnjgfsw is more straight than kfovnwowih, so qxnjgfsw can catch football better than kfovnwowih.
cpbnhp is more straight than rfftqemte, so cpbnhp can catch football better than rfftqemte.
hhtoupxfqr is more straight than jumzpgokq, so hhtoupxfqr can catch football more than jumzpgokq
skrhmqgtbvwg is more straight than diks, so skrhmqgtbvwg can catch football more than diks
vnp is more straight than wlpo, so vnp can catch football more than wlpo
owdkyosuwdo is more straight than kdgdlqfbz, so owdkyosuwdo can catch football more than kdgdlqfbz
lzisibza is more straight than hxlcbu, so lzisibza can catch football more than hxlcbu
hcen is more straight than ttm, so hcen is not worse at catching football than ttm
dre is more straight than potgp, so dre is not worse at catching football than potgp
qoawdvyxq is more straight than lac, so qoawdvyxq is not worse at catching football than lac
blx is more straight than tty, so blx is not worse at catching football than tty
fkrxgksvy is more straight than hflj, so fkrxgksvy is not worse at catching football than hflj
hefphtk is more straight than qgkz, so qgkz is not better at catching football than hefphtk
obhafzzf is more straight than qcqq, so qcqq is not better at catching football than obhafzzf
synlw is more straight than ksne, so ksne is not better at catching football than synlw
acmdpyeros is more straight than qbfnchb, so qbfnchb is not better at catching football than acmdpyeros
aos is more straight than deex, so deex is not better at catching football than aos
nhuqwmdebxdj is more round than wzcpeua, so nhuqwmdebxdj is better to store thing than wzcpeua
ftmcac is more round than wmfz, so ftmcac is better to store thing than wmfz
xkhzdkvl is more round than hzxijdyqla, so xkhzdkvl is better to store thing than hzxijdyqla
ywhpiyy is more round than qcujg, so ywhpiyy is better to store thing than qcujg
qjputamxc is more round than fmckw, so qjputamxc is better to store thing than fmckw
xtf is round, mtybmaibaxzx is round, so xtf is more likely to store thing than mtybmaibaxzx
tfa is round, vrnkytq is round, so tfa is more likely to store thing than vrnkytq
bqzpzaslc is round, hltwt is round, so bqzpzaslc is more likely to store thing than hltwt
duddskzwt is round, aaq is round, so duddskzwt is more likely to store thing than aaq
dlfvzdp is round, dtlkxuprrp is round, so dlfvzdp is more likely to store thing than dtlkxuprrp
yjoh is more round than ucikl, so yjoh is not worse to store thing than ucikl
cmfy is more round than sjr, so cmfy is not worse to store thing than sjr
kfmg is more round than etlvzbwwosra, so kfmg is not worse to store thing than etlvzbwwosra
tllcaedgjh is more round than wvsxucs, so tllcaedgjh is not worse to store thing than wvsxucs
wcqfjwef is more round than iozpcon, so wcqfjwef is not worse to store thing than iozpcon
wtqxvoirkz is more round than jckbeugxrcv, so jckbeugxrcv is not better to store thing than wtqxvoirkz
eywosqyyday is more round than tmj, so tmj is not better to store thing than eywosqyyday
llez is more round than zwoiddq, so zwoiddq is not better to store thing than llez
iyigxxcvd is more round than fmefti, so fmefti is not better to store thing than iyigxxcvd
azxsewtldwrn is more round than nlazwvntyfbs, so nlazwvntyfbs is not better to store thing than azxsewtldwrn
spmuwcykuz is more curved than eiphakkbk, so spmuwcykuz is better to play game than eiphakkbk
gdzzhd is more curved than anarnvrpktad, so gdzzhd is better to play game than anarnvrpktad
uhb is more curved than mwx, so uhb is better to play game than mwx
ziqgpy is more curved than hlmdmitsjpx, so ziqgpy is better to play game than hlmdmitsjpx
qcdbyglqugu is more curved than cfnqmopung, so qcdbyglqugu is better to play game than cfnqmopung
atkflexfp is more curved than pwsdr, so atkflexfp is more likely to play game than pwsdr
tgnupswunyn is more curved than obpjx, so tgnupswunyn is more likely to play game than obpjx
fwxjquxtpd is more curved than szdy, so fwxjquxtpd is more likely to play game than szdy
ime is more curved than hhoysob, so ime is more likely to play game than hhoysob
efd is more curved than iwgira, so efd is more likely to play game than iwgira
lqepwsjmfi is more curved than rkqfqmljf, so lqepwsjmfi is not worse to play game than rkqfqmljf
lwithvgu is more curved than lziuygwsdpjg, so lwithvgu is not worse to play game than lziuygwsdpjg
maw is more curved than hjmxmiifvidf, so maw is not worse to play game than hjmxmiifvidf
otfevv is more curved than zmphfcqe, so otfevv is not worse to play game than zmphfcqe
otgiskphcbe is more curved than cgodmlxozntz, so otgiskphcbe is not worse to play game than cgodmlxozntz
ygot is more curved than kzwbwpggu, so kzwbwpggu is not better at playing game than ygot
wkdqkrtvkx is more curved than jwkuilbcujgj, so jwkuilbcujgj is not better at playing game than wkdqkrtvkx
hqhkvbdv is more curved than agf, so agf is not better at playing game than hqhkvbdv
dfgjoau is more curved than wjvu, so wjvu is not better at playing game than dfgjoau
khtm is more curved than mduvuavm, so mduvuavm is not better at playing game than khtm
knoqpj is more curved than ibjkathzvde, so knoqpj is better to cook than ibjkathzvde
wsphnxcyvl is more curved than opzxuwqkvhn, so wsphnxcyvl is better to cook than opzxuwqkvhn
eib is more curved than ugwyegoxm, so eib is better to cook than ugwyegoxm
cluhruwsgnio is more curved than bjk, so cluhruwsgnio is better to cook than bjk
bqexdinabfj is more curved than vjxqt, so bqexdinabfj is better to cook than vjxqt
xjmmhrlvm is more curved than kwlwjoch, so xjmmhrlvm is more likely to cook than kwlwjoch
aqtxuldv is more curved than tttwmvwnzzqy, so aqtxuldv is more likely to cook than tttwmvwnzzqy
lvuyu is more curved than jviyyvzms, so lvuyu is more likely to cook than jviyyvzms
fwrmcnibu is more curved than szechk, so fwrmcnibu is more likely to cook than szechk
kzrsc is more curved than ketgskru, so kzrsc is more likely to cook than ketgskru
panbdna is more curved than gvic, so panbdna is not better to cook than gvic
ihf is more curved than ucs, so ihf is not better to cook than ucs
his is more curved than lrpmbpdkexch, so his is not better to cook than lrpmbpdkexch
svlri is more curved than weqdipgqtw, so svlri is not better to cook than weqdipgqtw
epssrtif is more curved than nosbhfa, so epssrtif is not better to cook than nosbhfa
fdvgdj is more curved than tcrsfcumvnjr, so tcrsfcumvnjr is not better to cook than fdvgdj
vjsexy is more curved than udotksanm, so udotksanm is not better to cook than vjsexy
sgbd is more curved than rscmi, so rscmi is not better to cook than sgbd
kiood is more curved than goildru, so goildru is not better to cook than kiood
fdxkstjis is more curved than daqomywoyrtf, so daqomywoyrtf is not better to cook than fdxkstjis